THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 39.

VOL.

39.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 26th 1782,

In the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

March the 24th 1784,

In the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803.

f »

JOURNALS

OF THE

r

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 39.

VOL. 3.9.

B

By the K I N G,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS Our Parliament stands prorogued to Thwrfday the Tenth Day of this Ini tan t October: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do hereby publifl) and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Tenth Day of this Instant October, to the Twenty-

sixth Day of November next: And We have given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly. And We do hereby further declare Our Royal Will

and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-sixth Day of November next, be held for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens,* and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of tire House of Commons, are hereby required to give Attendance accordingly, „at JVefimlnJiei', on the said Twenty-sixth Day of November next

Given at Our Court at St. , the Fourth Day

of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, in the Twenty-second Year of Our Reign,

GOD save the King.

Message to attend Commissioners.

M efface to attend the Kii.g.

Iftie of Writs in Rccefs.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Mortis, 26° di;

Anno Regni 23* Georgii III'" Regis, 1782.

THE House being met, pursuant to the Proclamation hereunto annexed;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament, until the Fifth Day

of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fifth Day of December next.

Jovis, 5° die Decembris;

" mons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament,

" in the room of such Members as shall die during " the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Robert Child, Esquire; for the Borough of TVigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Henry Bridgeman, Esquire; for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Robert Esquire;

for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward M Worjley, Esquire; and for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Nathaniel Polhill, Esquire.

Several Members present, and several Members re- Members turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and take Oaths, subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Iaw required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath, accordingly.

Anno 23* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1782.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended The King’s His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Speech, was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followed); viz.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Cora-Vol. 39.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Since the Close of the last Session, I have employed My whole Time in that Care and Attention which the important and critical Conjuncture of public Affairs required of Me.

Ilolt

4 5° Decembris. 1782.

The King’s Speech.

I loft no Time in giving the necessary Orders to prohibit the farther Prosecution of offensive War upon the Continent of North America. Adopting, as My Inclination will always lead Me to do, with Decision and Effect, whatever I collect to be the Sense of My Parliament and My People; I have pointed all My Views and Measures, as well In Europe as in North America, to an entire and cordial Reconciliation with those Colonies.

finding it indispensable to the Attainment of this Object, I did not hesitate to go the full Length of the Powers veiled in Me, and offered to declare them Free and Independent States, by an Article to be inserted in the Treaty of Peace. ProVifional Articles are agreed upon, to take Effect whenever Terms of Peace shall be finally settled with the Court of France.

In thus admitting their Separation from the Crown of these Kingdoms, I have sacrificed every Consideration of My own, to the Wilhes and Opinion of My People. I make it My humble and earnest Prayer to Almighty God, that Great Britain may not feel the Evils which might result from so great a Dismemberment of the Empire; and, that America may he free from those Calamities, which have formerly proved in the Mother Country how essential Monarchy is to the Enjoyment of Constitutional Liberty. — Religion — Language — Interest — Affections may, and 1 hope will yet prove a Bond of permanent Union between the Two Countries: To this find, neither Attention nor Disposition, on My Part, shall be wanting.

While I have carefully abftaiped from all offensive Operations in America, I have directed My whole Force by Land and Sea against the other Powers at War, with as much Vigour, as the Situation of that Force, at the Commencement of the Campaign, would permit I trull that you feel the Advantages resulting from the Safety of the great Branches of Our Trade. You mull have seen with Pride and Satisfaction the

Silant Defence of the Governor and Garrison of ibraltar; and My Fleet, after having effected the Object of their Destination, offering Battle to the combined Force of France and Spain on their own Coasts; those of My Kingdoms have remained at the same Time perfectly secure, and your domestic Tranquillity uninterrupted. This respectable State, under the Blessing of God,-1 attribute to the entire Confidence which subsists between Me and My People, and to the Readinels which has been shewn by My Subjects in My City of London, and in other Parts of My Kingdoms, to (land forth in the general Defence. Some Proofs have lately been given of public Spirit in private Men, which would do Honour to any Age, and any Country.

Having manifested to the whole World, by the most lasting Examples, the signal Spirit and Bravery of My People, I conceived it a Moment not unbecoming My Dignity, and thought it a Regard due to the Lives and Fortunes of such brave and gallant Subjects, to shew Myself ready on My Part, to embrace fair and honourable Terms of Accommodation with all the Powers at War.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that Negotiations to this Effect are considerably advanced; the Result of which, as soon as they are brought to a Con-elusion, shall be immediately communicated to you.

I have every Reason to hope and believe, that I shall have it in My Power, in a very short time, to acquaint you, that they have ended in Terms of Pacification, which, I trust, you will fee just Cause to approve. — I rely, however, with perfect Confidence, in the Wisdom of My Parliament, and the Spirit of My People, that, if any unforeseen Change in the Dispositions of the Belligerent Powers should frustrate My confident Expectations, they will approve of the Preparations I have thought it adviseable to make, and be ready to second

the most vigorous Efforts in the farther Prosecution of the War.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have endeavoured, by every Meafore in My Power, to dimioi(h the Burthens of My People. — I lpft no Time in taking the most decided Measures for introducing a better Oeconomy into the Expenditure of the Army.

I have carried into drift Execution the several Reductions in My Civil List Expences, directed by an Act of the last Session. — I have introduced a further Reform into other Departments, and suppressed several Sinecure Places in them. I have by this Means so regulated My Edablishments, that My Expence shall not in future exceed My Income.

I have ordered the Edimate of the Civil Lid Debt, laid before you last Session, to be completed. The Debt proving somewhat greater than could be then correctly dated, and the proposed Reduction not immediately taking place, I trud you will provide for the Deficiency; securing, as before, the Re-payment out of My annual Income.

I have ordered Enquiry to be made into the Application of the Sum voted in Support of the American Sufferers; and I trud that you will agree with Me, that a due and generous Attention ought to be shewn towards those, who have relinquished their Properties or Professions from Motives of Loyalty to Me, or Attachment to the Mother Country.

As it may be necessary to give Stability to some Regulations by Act of Parliament, I have ordered Accounts of the several Establishments, incidental Expences, Fees, and other Emoluments of Office, to be laid before you. Regulations have already taken place in feme, which it is my Intention to extend to all; and which, besides expediting all Business, mud produce a very considerable Saving, without taking from that ample Encouragement, which ought to be held forth to Talents, Diligence, and Integrity, wherever they are to be found.

I have directed an Enquiry to be made into w hat-ever regards the landed Revenue of My Crown, as well as the Management of My Woods and Forests, that both may be made as beneficial as possible, and that the latter may furnish a certain Refeurce for supplying the Navy, Our great National Bulwark, with its first Material.

I have directed an Investigation into the Department of the Mint, that the Purity of the Coin, of so much Importance to Commerce, may be always adhered to; that by rendering the Difficulty of counterfeiting greater, the Lives of Numbers may be saved, and every needless Expence in it suppressed.

1 must recommend to you an immediate Attention to the great Objects of the public Receipts and Expenditure; and above all, to the State of the Public Debt. — notwithstanding the great Increase of it during the War, it is to be hoped, that such Regulations may (till be established — such Savings made — and future Loans so conducted, as to promote the Means of its gradual Redemption, by a fixed Course of Payment — I must, with particular Earnestness, distinguish, for your serious Consideration, that Part of the Debt which conlifts of Navy, Ordnance, and Victualling Bills: The enormous Discount upon some of these Bills (hews this Mode of Payment to be a most ruinous Expedient

I have ordered the several Estimates, made up as correctly as the present Practice would admit, to be laid before you. I hope that such further Corrections, as may be necessary, will be made before the next Year. It is My Desire, that you should be appriled of every Expence before it is incurred, as far as the Nature of each Service can possibly admit — Matters of Account can never be made too public*

My

1

a3 Geo. III. 50

5

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Scarcity and consequent high Price of Corn requires your instant Interposition.

The great Excess, to which the Crimes of Theft and Robbery have arisen, in many Infiances accompanied with personal Violence, particularly in the Neighbourhood of this Metropolis, has called of late for a strict and severe Execution of the Laws. It were much to be wished that these Crimes could be prevented in their Infancy, by correcting the Vices become prevalent in a most alarming Degree.

The liberal Principles adopted by you concerning the Rights and the Commerce of Ireland, have done you the highefi Honour, and will, I trufi, increase that Harmony, which ought always to subsist between the Two Kingdoms. I am persuaded that a general Increase of Commerce throughout the Empire, will prove the Wisdom of your Measures with regard to that Object. I would recommend to you a Revision of Our whole Trading System, upon the feme comprehensive Principles, with a View to its utmost possible Extension.

The Regulation of a vast Territory in , opens a

large Field for your Wisdom, Prudence, and Forefight.

I trufi that you will be able to frame some fundamental Laws, which may make their Connection with Great Britain a Blefiing to Indiaand that you will take therein proper Measures to give all Foreign Nations, in Matters of Foreign Commerce, an entire and perfect Confidence in the Probity, Punctuality, and good Order of Our Government You may be allured, that whatever depends upon Me shall be executed with a Steadinels, which can alone preserve that Part of My Dominions, or the Commerce which arises from it.

It is the fixed Object of My Heart to make the general Good, and the true Spirit of the Confiitution, the invariable Rule of My Conduct, and on all Occasions to advance and reward Merit in every Pro- . session.

To ensure the full Advantage of a Government conducted on such Principles, depends on your Temper, your Wisdom, your Difinterestedness, collectively and individually.

My People expect these Qualifications of you; and I call for them.

Address on A Motion was made, and the Question being pros'* ^D8’s posed. That an humble Address be presented to His p*ec Majesty, to return His Majesty our sincere and hearty Thanks for His Royal Care and Attention to the important and critical State of Public Affairs since the last Session, and particularly for having been graciously pleased to direct His Meaiares to promote a cordial Reconciliation between Great Britain and America: To express our Satisfaction, that His Majesty, in the Exercise of the Powers which are vested in him, has laid the Foundation of a Peace with that Country, and has actually agreed upon Articles to be concluded whenever Terms are finally settled with the Court of France: That we most ardently wish, that Religion, Language, Interests, and Affection, may yet prove the Bond of permanent Union between the Two Countries.

To allure His Majesty, how sensible we are of the Advantages resulting from the Safety of the great Branches of our Trade, ana of the happy Success which we owe to the Spirit of His Majesty’s Governor and Garrison of Gibraltar, and to the Skill and Bravery of His Fleet: And that we reflect with peculiar Pleasure on the uninterrupted Continuance of our Domestic Tranquillity, and the signal Instances of Public Spirit which the Situation of the Country has called forth.

That we rejoice to learn, that Advances have been made towards a general Pacification, at a Moment lo suitable to His Majesty’s Dignity, and to His Gracious Vol. 39.

and Parental Regard to the Lives of His brave and gallant Subjects.

To thank His Majesty, for having promised to acquaint us as soon as the Terms are concluded; and to allure Him of our Resolution to take every Measure to second the most vigorous Efforts in the farther Prosecution of the War, if any unforeseen Change in the Dispositions of the Belligerent Powers should frustrate His Majesty’s confident Expectations of Peace.

To offer to His Majesty the warmest Return of Gratitude, for His Gracious Disposition to diminish the Burthens of His People; and to assure Him, that His faithful Commons will, as they ought, moll zealously co-operate in such Measures as may be necessary to give Stability to Regulations for that Purpose: That we will chearfully provide for the Deficiency of the Sum granted the last Year, for the Discharge of the Debt on His Majesty’s Civil List.

That we will apply ourselves, with the moll serious Attention, to the many important Points which His Majesty is pleased to recommend to our Consideration: That w-e will do every thing in our Power to remedy the Evils which may be apprehended from the great Scarcity of Corn; to put a Stop to the alarming Excels of Theft and Robbery, and the Causes from which those Crimes originate; and to lay the Foundation of a gradual Redemption of the Public Debt, by a fixed Course of Payment.

That we recollect with great Satisfaction those liberal Measures adopted with regard to the Rights and Commerce of Ireland, which will, we trust, insure the Harmony which ought always to subsist between the Two Kingdoms; and shall be ready to consider of such a general Revision of our Trading System, as may, in the present Circumstances, be wife and expedient.

That we are sensible of the Necessity of framing such Regulations as are adapted to the Situation of Affairs in The East Indies; and to assure His Majesty, that it will be our great Object, in all our Deliberations, to manifest that Temper, and those Principles, which His Majesty inculcates, and which are required of us by the Duty we owe to His Majesty, to our Constituents, and to Ourselves.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of 1778, of the Motion, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more " effeClually to prevent the dangerous and unconftitutional Practice of giving or granting Money to the " Crown, as a Private Aid, Loan, Benevolence, or " Subscription, for Public Purposes, without the Consent " of Parliament," which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Befolxed, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our sincere and hearty Thanks for His Royal Care and Attention to the important and critical State of Public Affairs since the last Session, and particularly for having been graciously pleased to direct His Measures to promote a cordial Reconciliation between Great Britain and America:To express our Satisfaction, that

His Majesty, in the Exercise of the Powers which are vested in Him, has laid the Foundation of a Peace with that Country, and has actually agreed upon Articles to be concluded whenever Terms are finally settled with the Court of France: That we moll ardently wish, that Religion, Language, Interests, and Affection, may yet prove the Bond of permanent Union between the Two Countries.

To assure His Majesty, how sensible we are of the Advantages resulting from the Safety of the great Branches of our Trade, and of the happy Success which we owe to the Spirit of His Majesty’s Governor and

C Garrison

6 5# — ° Decem. A. 178a.

of Gibraltar, and to the Skill and Bravery of His Fleet: And that we reflefit with' peculiar Pleasure on the uninterrupted Continuance of our Domestic Tranquillity, and the signal Instances of Public Spirit which the Situation of the Country has called forth.

That we rejoice to learn, that Advances have been made towards a general Pacification, at a Moment so suitable to His Majesty's Dignity, and to His Gracious -and Parental Regard to the Lives of His brave and gallant Subjects.

To thank His Majesty, for having promised to acquaint us as soon as the Terms are concluded; and to allure Him of our Resolution to take every Measure to second the most vigorous Efforts in the farther Prosecution of the War, if any unforeseen Change in the Dispositions of the Belligerent Powers should frustrate His Majesty's confident Expectations of Peace.

To offer to His Majesty the warmest Return of Gratitude for His Gracious Disposition to diminish the Burthens of His People; and to assure Him, that His faithful Commons will, as they ought, most zealously cooperate in such Measures as may be necessary to give Stability to Regulations for that Purpose: That we will chearfully provide for the Deficiency of the Sum granted the lafi Year, for the Discharge of the Debt on His Majesty's Civil List.

That we will apply ourselves with the most serious Attention to the many important Points which His Majesty is pleased to recommend to our Consideration: That we will do every Thing in our Power to remedy the Evils which may be apprehended from the great Scarcity of Com; to put a Stop to the alarming Excel's -of Theft and Robbery, and the Causes from which those Crimes originate; and to lay the Foundation of a gradual Redemption of the Public Debt by a fixed Course of Payment.

That we recollect with great Satisfaction those literal Measures adopted with regard to the Rights and Commerce of Ireland, which will, we trust, insure the Harmony which ought always to subsist between the Two Kingdoms; and shall be ready to consider of such a general Revision of our Trading System, as may, in the present Circumstances, be wife and expedient.

That we are sensible of the Necessity of framing such Regulations as are adapted to the Situation of Affairs in The East Indies-, and to allure His Majesty, that it will be our great Objefct, in all our Deliberations, to manifest that Temper, and those Principles, which His Majesty inculcates, and which are required of us by the Duty we owe to His Majesty, to our Constituents, and to Ourselves.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Yorke of Cambridgeshire, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, General Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Orde, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Brett, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Alderman the Lord

Mahon, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Steele, Mr. or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Oxford Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, who, since his

Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-master General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Penryn Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for tire electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Rogers, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath been appointed to, and accepted of, the Office of Agent to the Regiment of Militia of the County of SoinerJ'et.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii III1* Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Lord

received from the Right honourable Lord Rodney Rodney’s the following Letter, in return to the Thanks of this *°

House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 22d Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament.

Montagu, Port Royal

J21ft, 1782.

Sir,

I am now to solicit your kind Acceptance of my belt and warmest Acknowledgments, for your polite Communication of the signal Distinction which the honourable House of Commons have been graciously pleased to confer upon me, by their Vote of Thanks, for the Share I had in the Action of the 12th of April, against the French Fleet. To fulfill the Willies, and execute the Command, of my Sovereign, was my Duty; to command a Fleet so well appointed, both in Officers and Men, was my good Fortune, as, by their undaunted Spirit and Valour, under Divine Providence, the Glory of that Day was acquired. Unequal to the Talk of expressing, in Language adequate to my Feelings, the high Sense I entertain of this repeated Testimonial of their honourable Attention, I rely wholly, Sir, upon your kind Aid, to convey to the House of Commons my heartfelt Gratitude for their condescending Approbation of my Services; as also my Alfiirances that, whill't I have Health enough to act, I shall ever consider the remaining Portion of my Life devoted to the Commands of my Sovereign and of my Country.

I have the Honour to remain,

With the highest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

Rodney.

The Right honourable C. IV. Cornwall,

S c. c. %c.

Mr. Speaker directed the Act, made in the last Sef- Rumboid’s fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for reltraining and Herring'*

" Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Estates-

"' Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited " time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects,

" and preventing the transporting or alienating the lame," to be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr.

23 Geo. III. 6° Dectmhri 7

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Lord Chief £aron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer had, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, delivered to him Inventories and Accounts of the Estates and Effects of the said Sir Thomas Baronet,

and Peter Paring, Esquire; and Mr. Speaker delivered

the said Inventories and Accounts to the Clerk of the House.

And the Titles of the said Inventories and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Inventories and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Inventories and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ruete’s Nat. A Petition of John Daniel Frederick Ruete, was presented to the House, and read j praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Hartley, and

Mr. Elzces, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Billion A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Landowners,

Navigation. Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys which have been lately taken, that a Canal, with proper Collateral Cuts, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from certain Mines of Coal and Iron-stone, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wol-verhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbing and West-bromwich, in the County of Stafford, through the said Liberty and Parishes, and all'o through the Parish of Handjworth, in the same County, to or near a Piece of Land called The Barn in the Parish of Aston

Juxta Birmingham, in the County of belonging to Heneage Legg, Esquire, and now or late in the Occupation of the Widow Lloyd; and from thence through or near the several Parishes of Curduorth, Sutton Coldfield, Lea Marston, Kingsbury, and Middleton, in the County of Wancick, and Drayton in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal (intended to be completed from stone, in the said County of Warwick, to join the Canal from the River Trent to the River at or near

Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, and from or near the said Piece of Land called The Barn Close, to or near to the said Town of Birmingham; and that the making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts will open a Communication between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, and the River ,which nmy be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and complete the same, and will afford a sufficient Supply of Coal to the Counties of Warwick, Noi'thampion, Oxford, and Bucks, at a cheap and easy Rate; and, by opening commercial Intercourles between the Town of Birmingham and several other manufacturing Towns in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and also proper Railways, or other Roads and Communications, to and with the lame, from the Mines of Coal, Lime, and Ironstone, in the Neighbourhood thereof, and from the said Town of Birmingham, in such Manner, and under Vol. 39.

such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shalt think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roba't Lmvley, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: Add they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Participants of the Level Hatfield of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, on Behalf of them- r81na*’ selves and the rest of the said Participants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds situate within the said Level, and Parts adjacent, having been subject to be overflowed, several Powers and Provisions were from Time to Time made for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, under the Controul, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level and Parts adjacent, and great Progress hath been made in draining and preserving the fame, and the said Lands and Grounds have thereby been very considerably improved; but the Powers and Provisions made as aforesaid, are not sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Level and Parts adjacent might be much better drained and preserved, if the said Commissioners of Sewers were iin-powered to make a new Outfall Drain, from a certain Drain or River within the said Level, called The North River, to the River Trent, in the County of Lincoln, and also to make a Sluice or Clough in the Bank of the said River Trent;and that certain Lands and Grounds, belonging to, or held in Trust for, the Benefit of the Petitioners, within the said Level and Parts adjacent, are chargeable with the Expences of draining and preserving the Whole of the Lands and Grounds so subject to be overflowed; and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Outfall Drain and Sluice, or Clough, should be made, and the Expence thereof charged and raised upon the Lands and Grounds belonging to, or held in Trust for the Benefit of the Petitioners as aforesaid, in like Manner as the other Expences of draining and preserving the said Level and Parts adjacent, are charged and raised; and that the making of the said new Outfall Drain and Sluice, or Clough, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds liable to be overflowed as aforesaid: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fur making such new Outtall Drain and Sluice, or Clough, as aforesaid, with proper Banks on each Side of the said new Drain, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dimcomle, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in j<ee(js pl0a(js. and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and enlarging the Roads from the Town of " in the West Riding of the County of to the

" Town of Leeds, and from thence in Two several

" Branches

8 6° Decembris. 178a.

<(Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and " the other through Bowling and to the Town

* of Halifax, in the same Riding," for amending and keeping in Repair the Division of the said Roads from Leeds to Half ax; and allb of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending so much " of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign " of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging " the Roads from the Town of Seim/, in the West Riding " of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and " from thence in Two l’everal Branches, one through " Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling " and IVibsey, to the Town of Halifax, in the same " Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads " which lies between Leeds and Hal fax;" and allb of the several Creditors who have lent several large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon the said Roads; and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was 'Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Acts, and also of another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from to and

" Halifax, and from Dudley hill to Killinghall, and the " South West Corner of Harrogate and

" more effectually to repair the Roads from Leeds to " Half ax, and Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, " and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf, at " Pool, in the West Riding of the County of York;" -several Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses have been erected upon the said Roads, and large Sums of Money Rave been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, "which have been laid out in repairing, amending, diverting, and widening the said Roads, and in erecting a Bridge over a brook dividing the Town-ships of Northowram and Halifax; and that the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls still remains due, and the Tolls and Duties by the said Acts directed to be collected, are insufficient to pay off the Money borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and to amend and keep the said Roads in sufficient Repair, without a furthur Term of Years shall be granted, or take place after the Expiration of Five Years, added to the Term of the said recited Acts, by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, together with such further and other Powers and Authorities than in the said recited Acts are mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fendjor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Canterbury* A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

R°ad. Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Cross, near the City

of Canterbury, to the Water-side at in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and a considerable Sum of Money (till remains due upon the Credit thereof, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, for such further Term as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Robinson, Mr.

Parry, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Sparrow's Execution an Act, passed in the Second Year of the *c’ Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, altering, ana keeping in Repair, the Road from the South-End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in amending the said Road; in the doing of which, the Tolls have, from Time to Time, been duly applied; and the Sum -of 9,000l., originally borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, has been expended; and that the said Trustees have paid off the Sum of 1,495/., Part of the said Debt; but there frill remains 7,505/. owing, which cannot be paid, nor the Roads be coropleatly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Halsey, Mr. Elxoes, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committ*.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Jufrice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do lit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Committee Ord, Mr. Hafey, Mr. John Robinson, Mr. of Privileges.

Mr. Ewer, Mr. Elwes, Mr. Strutt, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Planter, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Powys, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Minchin,

Sir

fual Orders.

23 Geo. III.

Sir Wat kin Lewes, Mr. Jolliffe, the Lord

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. North, Mr.

Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Gregory, the Lord

Mahon, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Townshend, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Fox, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Grey Cooper, General Conway, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Hartley, Sir William Dolben, Sir Adam Sir Robert

Smyth, Mr. Parker, Mr. Charles Mr. Fre-

derick Montagu, Mr. Byng; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevcnnight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

9

Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

6° Decembm.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do quel-tion the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Tw o or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will lerve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in parliament.

hefolved. That, where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the ‘House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House wil{ proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

'Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Vo i. 39.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting to take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to w ait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House dp take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to dilobey the Orders of the House; and that

D no

io 6° Decembris. . 178a.

no such Footmen be disch&rged oat of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or kifing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, tlte Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Mailer General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members lending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same j and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the feme.

Birmingham A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal. Birmingham Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the £ighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the said Proprietors to make a Cut or Canal, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels with heavy. Burthens, from the Town of in the County of Warwick, to or near Smethwick, Oldbury, Tipton Green, and in the County of Staf-

ford, by or near several large Coal Mines, and from or near the said Town of Bilston, to or near otherwise Alderjley, in the said County of Stafford, there to join and communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and also to make Two Collateral Cuts up to, or as near to the said Coal Mines as conveniently might be; and that, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his feid Majesty, another Act was made to rectify a Mistake in the said former Act, and to explain and amend the fame; and that, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, the said Proprietors proceeded in the Execution of the said Canal, and have passed through various large Coal Mines, but have since discovered that there are several other Tracts of Land near to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, in which there are large and valuable Mines of Coal, but to which the said Proprietors cannot, by their present Powers, extend the said Canal or Collateral Cuts; and that the Powers contained in the said Acts have been found insufficient for the Preservation and Management of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, arid it would

tend greatly to the Interest of the several Land Owners in which such last mentioned Mines lie, if the Proprietors of the said Navigation were authorized to extend their feid Canal from that Part of one of the said Collateral Cuts in the said First Act mentioned, leading to Wednesbury Holloway, which leads from Riders Green, in the Parllh of JVcftbromwich, in the County of Stafford, by or near Great Bridge, and from thence through the Lands of Elizabeth Dudley, Widow, George Birch,

Esquire, the Reverend Mr. BeJl, Thomas Hoo, Esquire, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Dudley, and terminating near Broadwater Fire Engine, in the Parish of lVednesbury, in the said County of Stafford', with Five ftnall Collateral Branches, leading to different Coal Mines, in the respective Parishes of Tipton, Sedgeley, Wolverhampton, and Wednesbury, in

the said County of Stafford', and that the said Proprietors are desirous, at their own Expence, to make and execute such Extension of Canal, with the said several Collateral Branches, upon being allowed to take the feme Tonnage, pro Rata, for the Distance of such Extension, and upon being granted such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities respecting the fame, as are allowed by them to be taken, and are given and granted in respect of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts already made: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for giving such further Powers as may be necessary for the Management and Preservation of the said Canal and Cuts already made, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Place called Riders Green, in the Parish of , in the said County of Stafford, by or near Great Bridge, and from thence through the Lands of the said Elizabeth Dudley, Widow, George Birch, Esquire, the Reverend Mr. Best, Thomas Hoo, Esquire, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Dudley, and terminating near Broadwater Fire Engine, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the said County of Stafford, together also with the said Five Collateral Branches; and that the Petitioners may be entitled to receive similar Tonnage and Wharfage Duties, pro Rata, for such Extension of Canal and Collateral Cuts, and have the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities respecting the feme, as' are given to them by the said former Acts, with respect to their present Canal and Collateral Cuts, with such additional Powers as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Law/ey, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Yorke, of Cambridgeshire, reported from the Address on

Committee, appointed Yesterday, to draw up an Act- King's dress to be presented to his Majesty, That the Com- Speech, mittee had drawn up art Address accordingly; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aft’etnbled, return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Sjieech from the Throne.

We beg Leave to acknowledge, with (incere and hearty Thanks, Your Majesty’s Royal Care and Attention to the important and critical State of Public

Affairs

23 Geo. III. 6° Decembris. 11

Affairs face the last Session, and particularly for having been graciously pleased to direct Your Measures to promote a cordial Reconciliation between Great Britain and America.

Permit us to express to Your Majesty our Satisfaction that Your Majesty, in the Exercise of the Powers which were veiled in Your Majesty, has laid the Foundation of a Peace with that Country, and has actually agreed upon Articles to be concluded whenever Terms are finally settled with the Court of France. We most ardently wish, that Religion, Language, Interests, and Affection, may yet prove the Bond ot permanent Union between the Two Countries.

We are impressed with a due Sense of the Advantages resulting from the Safety of the great Branches of our Trade, and of the happy Succefe which we owe to the Spirit of Your Majesty’s Governor and Garrison of Gibraltar, and to the Skill and Bravery of Your Majesty’s Fleet: And we reflect with peculiar Pleasure on the uninterrupted Continuance of our Do-meftic Tranquillity, and the signal Instances of Public Spirit which the Situation of the Country has called forth.

We rejoice to learn that Advances have been made towards a general Pacification, at a Moment so suitable to Your Majesty’s Dignity, and to Your Gracious and Parental Regard to the Lives of Your Majesty’s brave and gallant Subjects.

We desire to thank Your Majesty for having promised to acquaint us, as soon as the Terms are concluded; and to allure Your Majesty of our Resolution to take every Measure to second the most vigorous Efforts in the further Prosecution of the War, if any unforeseen Change in the Dispositions of the Belligerent Powers should frustrate Your Majesty’s confident Expectations of Peace.

We are anxious to offer the warmest Return of Gratitude to Your Majesty, for Your Gracious Disposition to diminish the Burthens of Your People; and to assure Your Majesty, that Your faithful Commons will, as they ought, most zealously co-operate in such Measures as may be necessary to give Stability to Regulations for that Purpose. We will chearfully provide for the Deficiency of the Sum granted last Year for the Discharge of the Debt on Your Majesty’s Civil List.

We will apply ourselves, with the most lerious Attention, to the many important Points which Your Majesty is pleased to recommend to our Consideration: We will do every Thing in our Power to remedy the Evils which may be apprehended from the general Scarcity of Corn; to put a Stop to the alarming Excess of Tnest and Robbery, and the Causes from which those Crimes originate; and to lay the Foundation of a gradual Redemption of the Public Debt, by a fixed Course of Payment.

We recoiled, with great Satisfaction, those liberal Measures adopted with regard to the Rights and Commerce of Ireland, which will, we trust, insure the Harmony which ought always to subsist between the Two Kingdoms. And we shall be ready to consider of such a general Revision of our Trading System, as may, in the present Circumstances, be wife and expedient

We are truly sensible of the Necessity of framing such Regulations as are adapted to the Situation of Affairs in The East Indies. And we beg Leave to assure Your Majesty,. that it will be our great Object, in all our Deliberations, to manifest that Temper, and those Principles, which Your Majesty is pleased to inculcate, and which are required of us by the Duty we owe to Your Majesty, to our Conftltuents, and to Ourselves.

The said Addrefe being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Vol. 39.

Refolded, That the fad Addrefe be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dempster, and Mr. Hunter Blair, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, and in the Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand Application is intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from one of their Collateral Branches into Coal Mines lying upon a lower Level; and the Petitioners also understand, that a Petition is intended to be presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a new Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgeley, Tipton, and

wick, to or near Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation intended to be compleated between Atherstone and the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton in

the County of Stafford; and that the Proprietors of the present Birmingham Canal have, at a very great Expence, proceeded in the Execution of the said Canal in a very proper Manner, and, in so doing, have reduced the Price of Coals to the Petitioners, and the Town of Birmingham, from Seven Pence Halfpenny to Four Pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight, and to the Neighbourhood in Proportion, and are now extending the said Canal to other Parts of the Town for its further Accommodation; and that such Reduction in the Price of Coals, as well as in the Price of Limestone, and in the Carriage of various Articles of Merchandize brought along the said Canal, have created a Saving equal to Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, and fully answered every Expectation of the Petitioners: and that the said Proprietors have, at a very great Expence, made commodious Wharfs, and other Conveniencies, and have never charged the Public with any Wharfage Duties, although they are by the Act of Parliament fully authorized to make such Charge; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Extension of the Old Canal, as intended to be prayed for by the Proprietors, will answer every needful Purpose, and be productive of real Advantage to the Public; and that the New Canal, intended to be petitioned for from the Coal Mines to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley, is unnecessary for any great National Purpose, and will not be of important Use to the Town of; and they

apprehend it to be an unjustifiable Attempt to injure a Company who have, with much Hazard to their Property, obtained great Advantages to the Neighbourhood of Birmingham: And therefore praying, that the Bill for extending the Old Canal may pals into a Law, and that the Bill for making the fad New Canal may be rejected.

Ordered,

Scotland — Payment of Creditors.

Birmingham

Canal.

King appoints to be attended.

The King's Speech confide red.

Bilrton Navigation.

II

7° Decembris. A. 1782

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 7° die Decembris Anno 230 Georgii III'" Regis, 1782.

pleated, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said City, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And therefore praying, That a Bill for making and compleating such Navigable Canal as aforesaid may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of and

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Prayers.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Principal Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the City of Litchfield, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was prefer.ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Survey hath been taken, describing the Line of an intended Navigable Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilfion, in the Parish of,

and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise ton, Wednesbury, and Weflbrontw in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry

Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford; and the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition to the House hath been signed by a great Number of Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Wanvick and Stafford, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and compleating a Navigable Canal, agreeable to the said Survey; and repre-lenting to the House, that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal as aforesaid will be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and compleat the fame, and, as the Coventry Canal is intended to communicate with the Canal from the River Trent to the River Mersey, thereby open the long intended internal Communication by Water between the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, the Town of Birmingham, and the Upper Parts of shire and Oxfordshire, for the Carriage of the different

Manufactures and Produce of the said several Places, to the great Benefit thereof, as well as the intermediate Country, and by extending Trade and Commerce, tend greatly to the Benefit of the Nation in general; and that the City of Litchfield is about Two Miles and au Half distant from tradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, w here the said Coventry Canal is intended to communicate with the said Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and the Petitioners conceive, that if the great Line of internal Navigation above-mentioned was com-

A Petition of William Peirce Ashe dCourt, Esquire, Heytefoury Lord of the Manors of Heytesbury and Tylherington, Inclafure. within the' Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, and Lessee of the Appropriate Rectory or Parsonage of Heytesbury aforesaid, and of several other Persons,

Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tythes, and Estates, within or belonging to the Parish of Heytesbury aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Pa-rift), several Open and Common Fields, and Open and Common Downs, and also several Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Places, which are at present intermixed and dispersed, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the said Open and Common Fields and Downs were allotted and laid in Severalty, and the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Newhaven Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Bridge. . House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Ferry over the River at Newhaven, in the County of Suf/ex, is at Times very dangerous and inconvenient for Paflen- .

gers; and that it would be of great Safety and Convenience to all Persons travelling between the Towns of Portsmouth and Dover, and to and from several Places along the Sea Coast, and also of public Utility, if a proper and substantial Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to th‘e House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Lord George Henry Lenox, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Owen be added to the Gen- Ruete.s Nat tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of John Daniel,

Frederick Ruete.

Mr. Hugh Owen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick

Ruete:

a3 Geo. III. Decembris. . 13

Ruete :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 9* die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1782.

Praters.

?fOHN Daniel Frederick Ruete took the Oaths ap-Jpointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Addrefc. attended His Majesty on Saturday last with their Address;

to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address.

1 am happy to receive your Assurances of Satisfaction, on being acquainted that Articles have been agreed upon with America, to take Effect whenever Terms of Peace shall be finally settled with the Court of France; and that, while you rejoice to learn that Advances have been made towards a general Pacification, you are, at the same Time, resolved to second the most vigorous Efforts in the farther Prosecution of the War, if any unforeseen Change in the Disposition of the Belligerent Powers should frustrate My confident Expectations of Peace.

Canterbury Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Cross, near the

City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at in

the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,.to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. John Hill, Surveyor of the said Road, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts: That the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and a considerable Sum of Money (till remains due and owing upon the Credit thereof; which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Vol.39.

Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent: And that Mr.

Gipps and Mr. Charles Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom Leeds Road*, the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an ACk of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town " of Leeds, and from thence in Two several Branches,

" one through Bradford and Horton, and the other " through Bowling and Wibsey, to the Town of Halifax,

" in the same Riding," for amending and keeping in Repair the Division of the said Roads from Leeds to Halifax; and also of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for explaining and amending lo much of an Act,

passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the rapairing and enlarging the " Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding " of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and " from thence in Two several Branches, one through " Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling " and Wibsey, to the Town of Hal fax, in the same " Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads " which lies between Leeds and Half axand allb of the several Creditors who have lent several large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon the said Roads; and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, and also a Claul'e in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing Two Pieces of Road, called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the said Parish of , were read:

And

Mr. Samuel Lister informed your Committee, That several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which have been laid out in repairing the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Half ax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane: — That the Tolls authorized to be taken upon such Part of the Roads aforesaid, are insufficient for the Purposes intended; and the IVtoney borrowed still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the above-mentioned Roads, is enlarged, the Tolls increased, and feme further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein to be mentioned, lb far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Half ax, and also the Roads called

E Bowling

14 o° — IO* Dtc . 1782.

Bowling Lane and Little Horton , in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Buncombe and Sir George Servile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House tp

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Comr mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Toi-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 230 Georgii III*1* Regis, 178?.

Prayers.

Leeds Roads. IfR. Duncombe presented to the House, according 1V4- to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to , and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bilston Navi- A Petition of his Grace the Most Noble George Ration. Duke of Marlborough, and the Right honourable George Earl of Shrewsbury, and the humble Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of New Wood-flock, the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Chipping Norton, the Incorporated Company of Blanket Weavers in Witney, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereundor written, Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of New Woodstock, Chipping Norton, En/lone, Witney, Charlbury, Northleigh, and Ensham, in (be County of Oxford:And also, Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford’,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and . in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wedn, and in

the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of; and that the Petitioners

conceive the making such Navigable Canall will be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and compleat the fame, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and particularly -to the Inhabitants of Woodfoek, Chipping Nortcm, Charlbury, and En/lone, and divers populous Villages, the City of Oxford, and the neighbouring Country: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may paf6 into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land-owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkins, from Elm» the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; &c‘ ,mPorUt1-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Oak, Tim, Bccch, and Fir Timber, of Foreign Growth, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the 3th of January 1772 to the 5th of January 1782; distinguishing the Places from whence they came, the Sort, the Year, and the Value: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp Rough, Sail Hemp, &c. Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the 5th of January 1772 to the 5th of January 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Naval Pen-Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented fions, fcc. to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 26th Day of May 1780,

An exact Account of every Sufn and Sums of Money

?aid in the Course of the preceding Year, out of the ’roduce of the Civil List, or any other Branch of the Public Revenue, to, or to the Use of, or in Trust for, any Member of either House of Parliament, by Way of Pension, Salary, or any other Account whatsoever, specifying when, and on what Account (so far as the same is known at the Navy Office).

Mr. Brett also, from the Commissioners for executing Oak, Elm, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c-presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, the Growth of this Kingdom, delivered into His Majesty’s several Dock Yards between the lit Day of January 1772 and the lft Day of January 1782; distinguishing each Sort, and the Year, and the Value: Also, an Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, of Foreign Growth, delivered into His Majesty’s several Dock Yards between the lft Day of January 1772 and the

lft Day

23 Geo. III. i o° — 11

lft Day of January 1782} distinguishing the Places from whence they came, the Sort, the Year, and the Value: Alio, an Account of the Value of all such Mads, Yards, and Bowtfpiite, as have been purchased for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, between the lft Day - of January 1772 and the tft Day of January 1782, with the Prices agreed to be given for the lame, as collected by the Officers of the several Yards.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Rel'olution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resoludon being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine conThat this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Rel’olution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Navy and Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Army tfti- Navy, for the Year )783, with an Estimate of the Half males, c. pay Qf Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1783, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1783, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1783, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of Marines, as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1783, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1783, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1782, and the loth Day of October 1782, as well of or for the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Exeefs or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Addrefi. Resolved, That an humble Add rest be presented to

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Vol. S9.

0 Decembris. 15

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House -as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Preventing Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effec- ^,hlP|je^lt"s " tually to prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from being Enemies. °

" supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act: And that Mr. Brett, Mr.

Pratt, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Heads of Cot-enable such Heads of Colleges and Halls, within the enabled Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, as are now pro- to marry hibhed by the Statutes of the said Colleges or Halls from . marrying, to marry, and to enable married Men to be elected Heads of such Colleges or Halls: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Page, the Lord North, Mr. -. feid, and Mr. John Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Dec; Anno 230 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Praters.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That Answer to their Addressof Yesterday (that His Majesty would Address. be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions petitions for for Private Bills after the 6th Day of February next. Private Bills

Mr. Charles Robinson presented to the House, accord- Canterbury . ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Road.

Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunfan’s Cross, near the City of Canter-

bury, to the Water-flde at Whitstable, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Bilston Navi-of the City of Coventry: And also, Ration.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the City of Coventry',

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in

16

ii° Decemb.

A. 1782.

the County of to or near the Town

of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said Counties of Warwick and and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and compleat the fame, and thereby open the long-intended Communication by Water between the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, the Town of Birmingham, the City of Coventry, and the Upper Parts of Warwickshire and Oxfordshire, to the great Benefit thereof, as well as the intermediate Country, and by extending Trade and Commerce, tend greatly to the Benefit of the Nation in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner,

and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Landowners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the’Counties of and Stafford,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Bilston Navi- Sir Robert Lawtey reported from the Committee, to gation. whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land-owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; ris.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whitworth, an Engineer, was called in; and being shewn the Plan of the intended Navigation, said. That he had surveyed the Lands through which the Canal and Collateral Cuts are intended to be made; and that he made the Plan now before the Committee, by which it appears, that a Canal, with proper Collateral Cuts, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from certain Mines of Coal and Ironstone, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several; Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise

nesbury, and Westbromxvich, in the County of Stafford, through the said Liberty and Parishes, and allb through the Parish of Handsworth, in the same County, to or near a Piece of Land called The Barn Close, in the Parish of Aston Juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, belonging to Heneage Legg, Esquire, and now or late in the Occupation of the Widow Lloyd, and from thence through or near the several Parishes of Sutton Coldfield, Curdworth, Lea Marston, Kingsbury, and Middleton, in the County of Warwick, and Drayton Bajjett, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with the Covertly Canal (intended to be compleated from Atherstone, in the said County of Warwick, to join the Canal from the River Trent to the River JMerfey) at or near Fazeleyin the Parish of Tamworth,

in the said County of Stafford, and from or near the said Piece of Land called The Bam Close, to or near to the said Town of Birmingham.

And being further examined, he said, That the making such Canal and Collateral Cuts may be a Means of opening a Communication between the said Mines and the Oxford and Cooentry Canals, and the River Trent, and will also be the Means of opening a considerable Intercourse between Birmingham and other manufacturing Towns in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, which will be of great Benefit and Advantage to Trade. — The Witness being asked. Whether he can speak decidedly as to a constant Supply, of Water? he said, Yes. — And being further asked, Whether the Water taken for the Supply of the new Canal will not be the Means of depriving several Mills of their Water ? he said, the principal Supply of Water for this Canal will be from Fire Engines, which are now erected, and will be erected, if the Canal takes place. — And being then asked, Where the Water runs into, that is now raised by the present Fire Engines? he said, It runs down the Common Watercourse at the Foot of Wednesbury, into the River Tame.

Mr. Isaiah Danksbeing examined, said, That the making the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts will be the Means of opening a considerable Intercourse between Birmingham and other manufacturing Towns in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Ports of Liverpool and Hull, which will be of great Benefit and Advantage to Trade.

And being further examined, he said, It will reduce the Price of Coals — That they can be delivered at Braunslon, in Northamptonshire, at 15 w \d. per Ton, at Banbury at 2 os. 1 \ d. per Ton, and at Ox-' ford at 24 s.d. per Ton, including Lock Dues and Carriage.

Mr. William Kendrick being examined, laid, That he knows the Situation of the Coal Mines, and thinks they will be sufficient for the Supply of the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Oxford, and Bucks, at a cheap and easy Rate. — And being asked, Whether Wednesbury Coal and Cooentry Coal are of equal Quality and Price? he laid, They are not; that he was told at Banbury, that the Wednesbury Coal was Two Pence per Hundred Weight more than the Coventry Coal — That he cannot tell what Difference there is in the Price between Canal and Land Carriage of the above Coal — That the Price of Wednesbury Coal at Banbury is now Eighteen Pence per Hundred Weight; and if the Canal is made, it will be Five Pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight cheaper.

Mr. William Careless being examined, said, That the present Price of Wednesbury Coals, at Oxford, is 20 d. per Hundred Weight, or 1 /. 135. 4 per Ton; and at Braunston Wednesbury Coal is 1 Ad. per Hundred Weight,

11. 3s. Ad- per Ton — That the Price of Coventry Coal, at Braunston, is gd. per Hundred Weight, or 15 s.per Ton — That if the Canal is made, the Price at Braunston will be 15 s. 11 per Ton, which will be a Reduction of 7 s.Aid. per Ton — And the Witness added, That as the County of Bucks is supplied from the Banbury Wharf, they will of course be supplied proportionably cheaper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, /Vednesbury, and in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford:

And that Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George

the

Bilston Navigation*

Ditto*

23 Geo. III. n* Decembris. 17

the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Eden, Mr. Jerooife, the Lord Sheffield, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Land Owners and Proprietors of Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of verhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wtdnesbury, Darlqfion, and West-

bromrrich, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise nesbury, and Weffbromwich, in the County of Stafford,

to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, iti the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford; and that, if the Petitioners were enabled by the said intended Navigable Canal to open and work their Coal Mines, it would be a Means of employing the numerous Poor in the said several Parishes, to the great Benefit of the Inhabitants, and would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was also presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be the Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and compleat the fame, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of Banbury, and the neighbouring Country: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, -

nesbury, and Westb in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be brought in.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Scotland — according to Order, a Bill for rendering the Payment Payment of of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part Creditors, of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Army Extra*, to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Part of the Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782, and the 31st of March, following, and not provided for by Parliament; amounting to the Sum of 623,021/. 13s. 6£d.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39.

F

Air

i8

n® Decembris

A. 1782

An ACCOUNT of Part of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782 and the 31st of March following, and not provided for by Parliament

Date* of Warrants.

1782.

Feb. 25.

March 13.

Feb. 26.

March 16. 22.

Feb. 26.

March 22.

16.

22.

16.

22.

4-

22.

l6.

22.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esq", to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America -To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D°

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D® -To D°, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D®

To D#, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D®

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esq", to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America (557,981 /. 12$. 4 d.)- -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Dalling, Esqr, for Public Services .....21,367 7 8

To D®, for D® Service ---- 12,146 — 9

To D*, for D# Service ---- 500-----

To Bills of Exchange drawn by R. Edwards, Esq’, for Public Services To D# drawn by James Murray, Esq’, for Public Services 4,996 — 1

To complete the Amount of a Bill drawn by D® - - 4-----

To Bills of Exchange drawn by James Esq', for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by John Campbell, Esq’, for Public Services 498----

To D®, for D® Service ---- 242 14 4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by G. A. Adams, Esq’, for Public Services To D°, drawn by Peter Chester, Esqr, for Public Services - 119 15 10

To D®, for D® Service - - - 230-----

To Wm Williams, Esq’, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by

Peter Chester, for D® Service ----- 469 610

To Edward Forbes, Esq’, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn

by Peter Chester, Esq’, for Public Services - - 249 5 1

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Andrew Rainsford, Esq’, for Public Services - - - 100----

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 110-----

£. s. d.

172,889 16 8 68,943 »4 10

204,923 18 4 49,163 18 10 25,523 3

36,537 -

34,013 8 5 9,089 1 4

5,000 — 1

7,942 9 1

740 14 4

95° 7 9*

1,068 7 9

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Geo. Feiguson, Esq’, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by Alex' Cameron, Esq’, for Public Services - - ,

To D®, drawn by Robert Pringle, Esq’, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by A. S. Hamond, Esq’, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by William Fawcett, Esq’, for Public Services -

To D°, drawn by W" M. Burt, Esq’, for Public Services -

To D®, drawn by Fredk Haldimand, Esq’, for Public Services -

210 — —

1,564 14 10

977 >o — 489 4 1

94 3 6

800-----

400-----

1,700-----

623,021 13 6*

N. B. Mefl". Harley and Drummond Bills of Exchange

£ 557,981 12 4

- 65,040 1 2£

£. 623,021 13 6£

War Office, Dec. nth, 1782.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

23 Geo. III. \2* Decembris 19

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jams, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii III,a Regis, 1782.

Praters.

Turvey In- A PETITION of the Right honourable Charles closure. j\. Henry Earl of Peterborough and , a

principal Owner of Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Tu,in the County of Bedford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie open and uninclosed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, it would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

St.Andrew St. John and the Earl of Upper Ossory do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ruete’s Nat. A Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Rueie, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hatfield Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom

Chace Drain- the Petition of several of the Participants of the Level age‘ of Half eld Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of

York, Lincoln and Nottingham, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Participants, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Matthias Scott being examined, said, That the Lands and Grounds in the said Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, having formerly been liable to be overflowed. Powers and Provisions were from Time to Time made and granted, for draining the fame, under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level, and Parts adjacent — That the said Lands and Grounds have been considerably improved, by the Progress that hath already been made in draining the fame; but that the Powers now in force are insufficient for fully compleating the necessary Works of a Drainage — That the Level, and Parts adjacent, might be much better drained and Vol. 39.

preserved, if the said Commissioners of Sewers were empowered to make a new Outfall Drain from a certain Drain or River, within the said Level, called The North River, to the River Trent, in the County of Lincoln, and also to make a Clough or Sluice in the Bank of the said River Trent, which cannot be done without the Assistance of Parliament

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, , and

Nottingham: And that Mr. Duncombe and Sir George Savile do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Order, Preventing a Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Par- SbiPs belI?g liament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent " His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied with Ships " or Vessels from Great Britain And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Towns field presented to the House, by East India His Majesty’s Command, Affairs.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated East India House, 7th November 1782: Inclosing,

N° 2. Draught of a Letter proposed by the Court of Directors of the East India Company to be sent to the Governor General and Council of Bengal: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Townshend to the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, dated Whitehall, 16th November 1782.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Refofution, " That this House,

" early in the next Session, will resume the Considera-

"tion of the British Concerns in The East Indies, and " will enquire into the Conduct of those who have " been entrusted with the Management of them, either " at Home or Abroad, in order effectually to enforce " the several Resolutions of this House upon those Subjects, and to pursue such other Measures as the Nature " and Circumstances of the same may require," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Corn and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Grain, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and " Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " next," in order to insert the Words " the 27th Day of " instead

thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " next" stand Part of the Question;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved,

20

12° — 13 Decembris. 178 a.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Scarcity and high Price of Com, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and " Increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation of Grain in Vessels or Ships of the Built of the Country from which l'uch Grain shall be imported.

Sapply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that One hundred and Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, including Twenty-five thousand Two hundred and Ninety-one Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said One hundred and Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

frays and Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Gen. Eliott A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

ami Lord posed, That the Thanks of this House be given to

thTnked&for General Eliott, for the important Service he has done Defence of to this Country, by his brave and gallant Defence of Gibraltar. Gibraltar;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the end thereof these Words, " the most valuable and important Fortress of any of our " Foreign Possessions

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inlerting at the Beginning thereof the Words " one of."

And the said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, severally withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, Neminecontradieente, That the Thanks of this House be given to General Eliott, for the important Service he has done to this Country, by his brave and gallant Defence of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Howe, for the important Service he has done to this Country by the late Relief of the Fortress of Gibraltar, and by his gallant and able Manoeuvres of the Fleet under his Command against a superior Fleet of the Enemy.

Resolved, Nemine contradieente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General Boyd, Major General La Motte, Major General Green, Chief Engineer, to Sir Roger Curtis, and to the Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors, lately employed in the Defence of Gibraltar.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said S

Thanks to General Eliott, the Lord Viscount , and the several other Persons named in the said Resolutions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Penruddock presented to the House, according Heytefoury to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting in Se- inclosure. veralty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Hatfield Order, a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving Chace Drain-certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield *ge.

Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Laxvlcy presented to the House, ac- Billion Navi, cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a gation. Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bils in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley,

Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and

bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near mingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Ruete>s ^at> Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom Sparrow’* the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Herne, &e. Execution an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Road-Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of

Bucks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

23 Geo. III. 13 Decem. 2r

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

William Hayter, Esquire, the Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 9,000l. upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been expended in the Repair of the said Roads, and the other Purposes of the Act.

That the Sum of 1,495/. Part of the said Debt, has been paid off; but the Sum of 7,505/. now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the Act (which is near expiring) be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, hampsted Saint Petersand Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And that Mr. Halsey, Mr. , and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Heads of Col- Sit William Dolben presented to the House, aceord-leges enabled ing to Order, a Bill to enable such Heads of Colleges to many. and Halls, within the Universities of Ox fat'd and Cambridge, as are now prohibited by the Statutes of the said Colleges or Halls from marrying, to marry, and to enable married Men to be elected Heads of such Colleges or Halls: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Preventing A Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session Ships being of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to Enemies.10 " prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied " with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bilston Navi- A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, gation. Tradesmen, and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of in the Farifli of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford: and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Canal will open a certain, easy, and expeditious Communication by Water, not only between the said Mines and the lower part of the Town of Birmingham, but also between the upper Parts of and

Oxfordshire, and the Towns of Liverpool,

and Hull, by Means of the Oxford and Coventry Canals, and the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and will tend greatly to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, to the Advantage of the several Towns and Places lying near or contiguous to the said Inland Navigations, and to the Town of Birmingham in particular: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law,

Vol. 39.

in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley,

Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, wich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford^ be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Debtor* thereunder written, Prisoners for Debt in The Mar- Petition. shalsea Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Inspector of Corn at the Corn Com and Exchange do lay before this House, the several Weekly Grain* Average Prices of Corn, from the 27th of December 178), to the 12th of December 1782, with the Quantity and Price of each Sort of Grain from which he draws, such Average.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Corn and Grain imported into the several Ports of England, from the 5th of July last, to the 12th of December; distinguishing the Sorts and Quantity at each Port

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Beer and Account of the Quantity of Beer brewed within the Malt. Bills of Mortality, from the 5th of July 1779, to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Malt made in England, from the 5th of July 1779, to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Msans. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply., ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

G

22

i4° — *-i6° Decembris, 178a.

Sabbati, 14° die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1782.

Prater?,

Sir. r. Cur- 'll TR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had , IS *-An[wer 1Y1 received, from Sir Roger Curtis, the following to ’ Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of Thursday last:

December 14th, 1782.

Sir,

I have this Morning been favoured with your Letter of the 12th Iostant, accompanying a Resolution of the House of Commons, passed the same Day, whereby their Thanks were given to certain Officers (amongst whom I have the Honour to be named) and to the other Officers, the Soldiers, and Sailors, lately employed in the Defence of Gibraltar.

I am not capable. Sir, to express how very sensibly I am affected by the high Honour that has been thus conferred on me. I hope, therefore, the House will believe I feel as much as any Man can, how honourable it is to obtain the Approbation of the House of Commons. The Officers and Men who served in my Department at Gibraltar will, I am sure, join with me in thel'e Sentiments, as theydid most heartily in their best Endeavours towards the Defence of that Fortress.

I have the Honour to be,

With the greatest RespeCfc,

Sir,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

Roger Curtis.

The Right honourable the Speaker, <Sfc. <Spc. Sf

Leeds Roads. A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned,' so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ways and Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com-Means. mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refelutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1783, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-v.

jesty, 4be Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1783, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mura' which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1783 to the 24th Day of June 1784.

The said Refelutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Refelutions: And that Mr. Ord, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Refelutions: And that Mr. Ord, Mr.. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ-electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the Room of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii HP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Ord presented to the House, according to Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, Land Tax. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

a

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Malt Duties. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that feme of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they E. I. Goods, were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament.

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Ware-house, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1781 to Michaelmas 1782, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Ware-house at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1781 to Michaelmas 1782,

also

Naval Stores.

Whale

Fishery.

Sparrow’s Heine, &c. Road.

Ruete's Nat.

Fafnacht’s

Nat.

Elections —

Fraudulent

Votes.

23 Geo. III. 1 6°Decetobri23

also, what exported during that Time, and what fe-mained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1781, what have been firice brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1781, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, Leaden hall, Billit , and the King’s

Warehouse, in the Port of , since Michaelmas

1781, in order to be dyed, glazed, or refreshed, what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1781 to Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1781 to Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1782.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Halsey presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market

Towns of Watford. Berkhampstc Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And the feme was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Frederick Ruete, wa6 read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

Ordered, That Mr. Ekves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of David Emanuel Fafnacht, was pre* fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ebwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Mahon, Sir Robert Sntythe, and Mr. Edward James Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 39.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more eaiy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Mahon, Sir Robert Smythe, and Mr. Edward James Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, in the room of John Mayor, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Deslmough, and Botienham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually " to prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied " with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that' they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for altering the said Act, by repealing so much thereof as enables His Majesty, in His Privy Council, to suspend the Provisions of the said Act.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Resolution, " That Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and " William Hornby, Esquire, President of the Council " at Bombay, having, in sundry Instances, acted in a " Manner repugnant to the Honour and Policy of this " Nation, and thereby brought great Calamities on " India, and enormous Expences on the East Indict ft Company, it is the Duty of the Directors of the said " Company to pursue all legal and effectual Means for " the Removal of the said Governor General and Pre-<c fident from their respective Offices, and to recall them " to Great Britain," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. ‘

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Resolution, " That this " House, early in the next Session, will resume the Confederation of the British Concerns in the East Indies, " and will enquire into the Conduct of those who have " been entrusted with the Management of them, either " at Home or Abroad, in order effectually to enforce " the several Resolutions of this House upon those Subjects, and to pursue such other Measures as the Nature " and Circumstances of the same may require," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion

Elections — Attendance of

Freeholder*

Abingdon

Writ.

Preventing Ships being supplied to Enemies,

East India Affairs,

Corn and Grain.

24 \6° Decembris. 1782.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Directors of the India Company do lay before this House, Copies of all Proceedings that have been had by the said Directors, or by any Court of Proprietors of the said Company, relating to the Recall of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal;

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 27th Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Instruction to the Select Committee appointed to take into Confederation the Stale of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa," That they do consider " how the British Possessions in the East Indies may be " held and governed with the greatest Security and Ad* " vantage to this Country, and by what Means the " Happiness of the native Inhabitants may be belt pro-‘ moted," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-tirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with " the United Company of Merchants of England trading " to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims " and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond " Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Mil* " lion Five hundred thousand Pounds, until the First " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions " and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and " also for securing to the Public, in respect thereof, for " a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said " Company; and for granting to the said Company,

" for a further Term, the foie and exclusive Trade to " and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, " as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the " Military Forces of the said Company," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of all Proceedings that have been had by the said Directors, or by any Court of Proprietors of the said Company, relating to the Recall of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of ail letters from the Governor General, or Governor General and Council, of Bengal, which have been received in the Course of this Year, by the Directors of the East India Company, except such as the Committee of Secrecy of the said Company shall think of dangerous Consequence to the Interests of the Company to divulge.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, within several Ports and " Places therein mentioned."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Byng took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Byng accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Com, Grain, and Meal, be permitted to be imported on the Low Duties, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, be permitted to be imported in Neutral Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Byng, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir John JVrottesley, Mr. Whitbread, and Mr.

Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byng also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

A Petition of several of the Trustee for putting in Cirencester Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His Road, present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the Tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester, at or near the East End of the Town of Tetbury, and from the West End of the Church Yard, in the said Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the said County, near the Monument upon Lanfdovm, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act hath been put in Execution, to the Advantage of the Public, and large Sums of Money have been expended thereon; and that the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, to Bath, would be rendered much more commodious than it is at present, if the Road through the Town of Tetbury was put under the Direction of the said Trustees; and that feme dangerous and tedious Hills would be avoided, if, instead of the present Road from Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone, towards Bath, a Road was to be compleated from the said Comer, which lies in the Parish of Marshfield, in the said County of Gloucester, through the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the same County, and the Parish of Swanjwick, in the County of Soma fit, to a

Place culled Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, in the Neighbourhood of Bath; and the Petitioners apprehend it may be neceflaty to make feme other Alterations in the said Act; and that, in order to complete the above-mentioned Work, and to keep the Whole of the Road in sufficient Repair, a further Term should be added to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for compleating and keeping in Repair the said new Line of Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Importation of Wheat, Ac

Preventing Ships being supplitd to Enemies.

Marine Forces.

Heyte(bury

Inclosure.

23 Geq. III.

16° — 17* D

Consideration of a Compiittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, Mr. Dutton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tha other Orders of the Day being read;

Resotoed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

25

within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Powys, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually draining and preserving Hatfield certain Lands and Grounds, within the Level of Hat- ChaceDrain-field Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties osage’

York, Lincoln and Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winch-combe Hartley, Mr. Duncombe,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Fafnacht's Order, a Bill for naturalizing David Emanuel Fas- Nat* nacht: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mortis, 17* die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1782.

Praters.

THE Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent " His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied with " Ships or Vessels from Great ," was committed,

the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where die Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, and Mr. Gabriel Steward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, Vol. 39.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Bilston Navi-Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, gation. and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said Counties of Warwick and Stafford; and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be a Means of enabling the Petitioners and the Proprietors of the Oxford Canal to finish and complete their Canals, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Ditto. Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of and the several Parishes of Wednesbury, Wt Darlaston, and Tipton otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth,

That the Petitioners conceive the Completion of the said intended Canal will enable the Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals to ftnish their Undertakings, by Means whereof the Owners of the Mines will be induced to open the fame, and enabled to supply several remote Parts of the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, and Oxford with Coals at an easy Rate; and that, by Means of the said Canal, a navigable Communication may be effected between the Ports of London and Hull, and the said Liberty and Parishes; and heavy manufactured Goods, as well as Iron, and various Raw Materials, will have a safe, cheap, and expeditious Conveyance between the said Ports, and the said Liberty and Parishes; and that the opening the said Coal Mines, and the establishing the said navigable Communication, is of the utmost Consequence to the Commercial Interests of the said Liberty and Parishes, and will tend to furnish full Employment to great Numbers of industrious Poor: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, in

H such

26 — 18° Decetnbris. . 1781.

such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton otherwise Ttb , and Westbronrwich, in the County of to or near Birmingham, in the County of IVzrwick,

and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near , in the

Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

Services performed by the Squadron under the Command of Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Hughes, in the East Indies, on the 17th of February, and the 12th of April 1782.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir Eyre , Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the great Perseverance he has shewn, and the indefatigable Pains lie has taken, to surmount the Difficulties in which the Affairs of the Carnatic were involved, and for the gallant and spirited Exertions he has made since he placed himself at the Head of the Army in that Quarter of India.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Thanks to Sir Edward Hughes, Commodore King, and Sir Eyre Coote.

Elections — The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according

Attendance of to Order, a Bill for the more easy and convenient Attend-Freeholders. ance Qf Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1’8° die Decembris;

Supply Bill 5 A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Land Tax. Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, Malt Duties, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

The House being informed that Mr. Marriott, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Beer brewed within the Bills of Mortality, from the 5th of 1779 to

the5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Malt made in England, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

.Sir E.Hughes Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of

thanked. this House be given to Vice-Admiral Sir

Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the important Services performed by the Squadron under his Command in the East Indies, on the 17th of February, and the 12th of April 1782.

Commodore Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of King. &c. this House be given to Commodore Richard King, the

1 an e ' Captains, Officers, and Seamen, for the important

Anno 23° Georgii III. U Regis, 1782. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Neiecastle under Lyme, in the County of

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of Bicester, Aylesbury, and Thame, in the Counties of Oxford and Buckingham: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Daventry, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, w’hole Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, W"dnesbury, and Westbromwich,

in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Staffoi'd; and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals to finish and compleat the fame, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the several Places above mentioned: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And

Sir Eyre

Coote

thanked.

Bilston Navigation.

23 Geo. III.

18° Decenibris.

27

Shrewsbury Shire Hall, &c.

Turvey In* closure.

Com And

Grain.

Petitions were severally or- Eleven Years, from the 5th of January 1771, to the upon the Table, until the 5th of January 1782, with the Bounties and Drawbacks paid, and the Duties received thereon, together with the Average Price of Corn in England under each Year.

And the said

dered to lie Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of , and

in the several Parishes of Tipton,

otherwise Ttbbington, , and

Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communi-

The House being informed that Mr. Holt, from the Papers re-Directors of the East India Company, attended at the feeding bast Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to lnd,a the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* l. Copies of all Proceedings that have been had cate with the Coventry Canal, at or near by the Court of Directors of the East India Company,

Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the or by the General Court of Proprietors of the said laid County of Stafford, be read a Second Company, from the 29th of May to the 27th of No-Time. vember 1782, relating to the Recall of Warren Hastings,

/ l w -A . /-i, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal: And also,

A Pettnon of the Migrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, ^.5. c fa ftom ,b| Chairman and De-

and Freeholders of the County of Salop and l own Chairman of the Emt India Company, to Evan

of Shrewabun/, irhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, a„d Thmas0rdc Ef ires dated the ?th of

-----' forlh' Nivmber 178* submitting to the Cooperation of the

was presented to the House, and read; That the Guild Hall, or Shire Hall, of

. a , . . _ , Right honourable Mr. Secretary and the

Shrewsbury, appropriated for holding the Assizes for Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, Draft

the said County of Salop, and other public Pui po es, £etter proposed by the Court of Directors to be sent is at present an ancient Building, much out of Re- 1 n________:i „* urur.-

present

pair, and very inconvenient to be made use of for the Courts of Justice; and that the Petitioners are delirous to erect a new Shire Hall for the Purposes aforesaid, upon or near to the Scite of the said ancient Building, and on Ground adjacent thereto, in order to which it will be necessary to make several Purchases of Ground, Shops, Sheds, and other Buildings, which are private Property, and are situated under or near to the said ancient Guild or Shire Hall, and it will be necessary, for effectuating the Purpose3 aforesaid, to raise a considerable Sum of Money in Manner as to the Legislature shall seem

to the Governor General and Council at Fort William,

in Bengal, with Copy of Mr. Secretary

Letter in Reply thereto, dated the 16th of the fame

Month,

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Canterbury

Road.

such Manner as to the Legislature shall seem meet:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Kensington, bring in a Bill for building and keeping iu Repair a an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of &c. Hoads. Shire Hall and a Guild Hall for the said County of Salop, the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the and the said Town of Shrewsbury, and for raising the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Monies necessary for such Purchases, in such Manner, ham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the ~ ‘ ----- County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and

read: Setting forth, That the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners are upwards of Sixteen Miles in Length, and, from the excessive Weights which are constantly passing thereon, require a very great annual Sum to keep the same in Repair; and by a Clause in the said Act, the Petitioners are compelled to water the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counters Bridge, which is a great Expence to the Trust; and that the Petitioners are not authorized to take any additional Toll on that Account, although, by an Act made in the same Session of Parlia- # ment, an additional Toll was granted to the Trustees of the Road from Counters Bridge to Old Brentford, in

and for such other Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Richard Hill, Mr. Noel Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Niutli and Twenty-seventh Years oi his late Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saintorder to cnab,e them to defiay die Expence of watering Dunstans Cross, near the City of Canter bury, to the that Road J and representing to the House, that great Water-side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was Damage is done to the Roads under the Petitioners

read a Second Time. Care from certain Carts, having narrow Wheels, being

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gipps, exempt from the Payment of Toll, and also from being Mr. Charles Robinson, &c.: And they are to meet this weighed; and that there is now owing, upon the Credit Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Chamber. Roads, the Sum of 12,000l. bearing Interest after the

Rate of 4/. per Cent, per Annum, and the Tolls are also Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, ac- charged with an annual Payment of 1,000l. to the Corn-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- missioners for paving the Streets within the City of West-doling the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- minster, to enable them to pave, light, and cleanse a dows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable certain Part of Piccadilly and Park Lane, which were Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the formerly under the Care and Management of the Peti-County of Bedford: And the same was received; and tioners; and that, although the Petitioners have pro-" ceeded in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them,

with the utmost Care and Frugality, they find the present Tolls are not sufficient to enable them to pay the Interest of the Money owing as aforesaid, and the said Annual Sum of 1,000l. and to water and keep the said Roads in proper Repair, and to defray the several

other

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Corn and Grain exported from, and imported into, England and Scotland, for Yo l. 39.

8 18° Decembm. 1782.

other Expences attending the Execution of the said Act; and that many of the Creditors, who are entitled to the said Principal Money, being dissatisfied with the low Rate of Interest they now receive, have applied, either to have their Interest increased to 51, Cent, or to be paid the respective Sums to which they are entitled; and the Petitioners being unable to comply with their Request, several of the Creditors have, on that Account, instituted a Suit in the Court of Chancery against the Petitioners, which is still depending; and that, if the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Roads, were enlarged, and if ibme Regulations were made with respect to Carts having narrow Wheels, the Petitioners hope they would, with an Increase of Toll upon certain Horses, and Carriages, be enabled to keep the said Roads in good Repair, and to continue to water the feme, and to allow an Increase of Interest to the Creditors, and also to light the said Roads, and to establish a proper Watch in the Nighttime, for the Protection of Travellers, in like Manner as is done upon the several other Roads near the Cities of London and Westminster; and that frequent Disputes have arisen from the present Mode of Collection of certain Tolls authorized to be received upon the said Roads on Sundays, by the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the City of Westminster, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might be prevented, if the Collection of such Tolls were put under their Care and Management for the future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1781, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

1783.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt Duties, to reWye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

8

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighiy-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1783, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1781, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1783.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot Wheat.&c. upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Wheat,

Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to permit Com, Grain, or Flour, imported before the passing of the Act, and remaining in any Warehouse in Great Britain, under the Joint Locks of the King and the Importer, to be taken out of such Warehouses upon Payment of the Low Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Byng took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, was delivered Cricklade in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at Election, the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, the Honourable George Richard St. John, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that the Returning Officer, during the Course of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said George Richard St. John who were not duly qualified to vote at the said Election, either according to the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, or according to the Letter and Spirit, true Meaning and Intent of an Act lately passed, intituled,

" An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption " in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for " the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wiltsand further setting forth, that many of the Votes in Favour of the said George Richard St. John, were procured by divers Acts of Corruption and of undue Influence of the said George Richard St. John, and of his Agents; and that, by these, and by other unlawful Means, the said George Richard St. John has been unduly returned

to

Navy T reaforer's Balances.

Army

Paymaster'i

Balances*

23 Geo. III. 18* — 190 Decembris. 29

to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner had, as he conceives, a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted'Votes, to the nmniieft Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of England; and that the Petitioner is informed, that the said George Richard St. , at the Time of the said Election, was a Minor, being then under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and of course was ineligible and incapable of fitting and of voting in either House of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House mall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 4th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Afits, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 25th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " The Right honourable Welbore " Ellis’s Balances as late Treasurer of His Majesty’s " Navy, in the Paymaster’s Branch of his Offifce:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Right honourable Welbore " Ellis’s Balances as late Treasurer of His Majesty’s " Navy, in the Cashier’s Branch of his OfficeAnd also.

An Account of Money remaining in the Hands of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, late Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Head of VictuallingAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Total Amount of the " Balances in the respective Branches of the Office " in the late Treasurerftiip of the Right honourable " Welbore Ellis."

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " House of Commons, dated the 25th of June 1782, " requiring the Right honourable Richard Rigby,' late "Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, within " Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, to lay before that House " an Account of the Amount of the Balance of the xt public Money imprested to him, as shall then remain " in his Hands."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 39.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Part of the Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Ric/uird Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782 and the 31st of March following, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to the Sum of 623,021/. 13s. 6 id. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- American posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Affalr»* Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House such Parts of the Provisional Articles, agreed upon between His Majesty’s Commissioners and the Commissioners of the United States of America, as relate to the Recognition of the Independency of the said States;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the other Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} 219. } 46-

Tellers for the Yeasie M

Tellers for the Noes,|^^‘ Jang’-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 19° die Decembris; Anno 23* Georgii III"‘ Regis, 1782.

Pratees.

f\AVIDEmanuel Fasnacht took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Fafnacht’s

Nat.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Lord Howe'a ceived, from the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Aafw*r to Howe, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks 80 *

I of

30 r9° Decmbrir. A. 1782.

of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of Thursday lad.

Bath) 16th December 1782.

Sir,

I this Day received the Honour of your Letter, notifying the Resolution therewith transmitted, by which the House of Commons hath condescended to record a zealous Endeavour for the Discharge of my public Duty, in Terms expressive of an important Service rendered to the Crown and State.

I beg Leave thus to convey, for the Acceptance of the House, my most grateful Acknowledgments on this Occasion; and also to you, Sir, for the great Satisfaction you do me the Honour to profess in being charged with that Commission.

I am, with much Deference and Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Howe.

Right Honourable C. TV. Cornwall,

fyc. &)C. 8§c.

Preventing An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Ship* being }aft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more Enemies.1* " effectua% to prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from " being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britainwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to " prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied " with Ships or Vessels from Great ."

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Billion Navi- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of gation. Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application hath been, made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of , in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise TVednesbury, and

Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be a means of enabling the Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canals to finish and complete the same, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxfoi'd and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Buckingham and the neighbouring Country: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House- shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wylverhamp-ton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley-, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

Importation Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do make «f wheat, the Report from the Committee of the whole House,

to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of Wheat,

Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

The Lord Mayor of London accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Laud Tax‘ granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Catherwood, Corn and Clerk for registering the Prices of Corn, attended at the Grain* Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Com and Grain exported from, and' imported into, England and Scotland, for Eleven Years, from the 5th of January 1771 to the 5th of January 1782, with the Bounties and Draw-

backs paid, and the Duties received thereon; together with the Average Price of Com in England, under each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Malt Duties, continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that those Parts of the Act relating to Composition for Duties, may be altered or repealed by any Act of this Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon

the

Supply.

Pains, &c. on Rum bold and Perring.

Perrin^s

Petition.

2X Geo. III. 190 Decem. 31

the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as , followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-three thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services, incurred since the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for intlifting certain Pains and " Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and " Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of publie Trust, and High Ciimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whillt they respectively held the " Offices ot Governor and President, Counsellors and " Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement " of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any " Prorogation or DilTolution of the Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, and then read the First Time, be read a Second Time upon Thursday the 23d Day of January next

A Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George, Madras, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner went to

Madras, as a Writer in the Service of the East India Company, in 1758, and from that Time continued in India, in the Service of the Company, in different Stations, for Twenty-two Years, viz. until 1780, without ever having been in England, and without having had his Conduct cenlured or complained of, either by his Superiors or Inferiors: and that the Petitioner, on the 8th of October 1777, took his Seat as one of the Council of Fort Saint George, and so continued till April 1780, when the Petitioner, with the Permission of the Governor and Council, left Madras, and came to England for the Benefit of his Health; and that, in October 1777, when the Petitioner took his Seat as one of the Council of Fort George, John

Whitehill, Esquire, was Governor, and so continued till February 1778, when Sir Thomas Rumbold arrived, and Vo I. 39.

wftio held the Government during the Remainder of the Petitioners Stay at Fort Saint George; and that during the Time the Petitioner held the Office of One of the Council of Fort Saint George, the Government confided of a Governor and Council, and a Select Committee; and that the Governor and Council consisted of Sir Thomas Rumbold, John Whitehill, Esquire, Sir Hector Munro, Charles Smith, Esquire, Samuel Johnson, Esquire, and the Petitioner, and they managed Matters of Revenue and Trade only; and that the Select Committee consisted of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Mr. Whitehill, Sir Hector Monro, and- Mr. Smith; and to this Committee alone all Matters, Military and Political, were committed, and the Petitioner never was a Member of the Select Committee; and that the Conduct and Measures of the Select Committee, particularly those which are charged to have brought on the Invasion of the Carnatic by Hyder Ally, and the consequent public Calamities, led to and produced the present Complaints and Invef-tigation by Parliament; and accordingly, the Charges in the Bill for inffifting Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold and the Petitioner are formed to censure those Measures; and it seems obvious to the Petitioner, that if the Select Committee never furniftved Matter for those Charges, or if those Charges were expunged, there would not remain any Subject for a Bill of Pains and Penalties; the Measures of the Select Committee were of a public and political Nature, and are supposed to have led to great public Calamities; the other Matters in the Bill are few in Number, and of a civil and private Nature, and are such as, when taken unconnected with the other Charges, by no Means call for the Interposition of Parliament; and that, although the Petitioner never was a Member of the Select Committee, yet he has great Reason to apprehend, that a Want- of Attention to this Fast has been the principal, if not the foie, Cause of his being introduced into the Bill of Pains and Penalties; for that the Secret Committee of the House, in their Resolutions, which were afterwards adopted by the House, named and considered the Petitioner as one of that Board; and the Petitioner is still treated and called in the said Bill, and also in the Restraining Bill, a Member of the Select Committee; and that this well-known Fast so distinguishes the same of the Petitioner from that of Sir Thomas Rumbold, that, upon its now being pointed out, the Petitioner still hopes the House will be of Opinion that his Name ought to be expunged from the Bill of Pains and Penalties, as none of the Charges which affect him, in his Capacity of a Member of the Council, are of a Nature to call for such a Proceeding, at least not against him; and that the Petitioner conceives, the only Charges in the Bill of Pains and Penalties, which by Implication may be extended to affect the Petitioner, are, that he concurred with the Governor and the other Members of the Council, in Resolutions for effecting the following Measures; viz.

lft. Letting the Chicacole Demesne Lands to Sitteram Rauze, for Ten Years.

2d. Staying the Committee of Circuit, and, in its stead, convening the Zemindars at Madras.

3d. Enforcing a Reconciliation between the Brothers Viziaram and Sitteram Rauze, and appointing Sitteram as Duan, or Manager, of the Affairs of Viziaram, and other Regulations in the Affairs of that Family.

4th. Lastly, Leafing the Jaghire Lands to the Nabob of Arcot for Three Years.

That these Resolutions are charged to be in Breach of the Spirit of the Company's Orders; but it is not even suggested that they, in the most distant Degree, led to the War in the Carnatic; and that, in thele Measures, the Petitioner is not charged with any active Part, nor is it insinuated by the Prosecutors, that he had any corrupt Motive for assenting to the

Resolutions

Rumbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

Whitehill's

Forfeiture.

Sale of Crown Lands.

32 190 Decem. 1782.

Resolutions here complained of, but the Charge against him in the Bill of Pains and Penalties is, that he with others were the Members of the Council who concurred in these Measures; and that Sir Thomas ,as

Governor, is, by the Bill of Pains and Penalties, charged with being the Author of these Measures, and " that " they ought chiefly to be imputed to his Activity and " Influenceand to these Charges against Sir Thomas Rumbold are added those respecting the Conduct of the Select Committee; and that, in January 1782, the East India Company filed a Bill in the High Court of Chancery against the Petitioner, touching the Charges against him hereinbefore referred to, where to the Petitioner has put in an Answer, and the Suit is (till pending; and' that, inasmuch as the Charges against the Petitioner are confined to the Heads above referred to, he hopes that his Conduct will not be involved and confounded in the Variety of Military and Political Transactions of others referred to in the Bill of Pains and Penalties, in which it already appears to the House, he never did or could aft or take any Part; and that, if the House should think fit to order any Proceedings against him, the same may be distinct and separate from the Proceedings against the other Persons named in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That, whatever Proceedings the House may resolve on against him, the same may be separate and distinct from the Proceedings against any other Person or Persons.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, " Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, *c and preventing the transporting or alienating the " fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Orde, and Mr. Macdonald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Whitehill, Esquire, late Governor of Fort Saint George, in the East Indies, and now at Calais; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for compelling " John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom; " and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from " going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for " discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the " transporting or alienating of the lame," being offered to be presented to the House;

The House was moved. That the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative, Nomine contradicente.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the Forest, and other Crown Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, with certain Exceptions, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service; and for securing, ascertaining, and satisfying, Tenant Rights, and Common and other Rights;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is

concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the Forest and other Crown Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, with certain Exceptions, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service, and for securing, ascertaining, and satisfying, Tenant Rights, and Common and other Rights: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Lord John Cavendish, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byng, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Dempster, and Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more perfectly uniting to the Crown the Principality of Wales, and the County Palatine of Chester, and for the more commodious Administration of Justice within the same, as also for abolishing certain Offices now appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant Claims, ascertaining and securing Tenant Rights, and for the Sale of all Forest Lands, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by His Majesty in Right of the said Principality or County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service; .

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more perfectly uniting to the Crown the Principality of Wales, and the County Palatine of Chester, and for the more commodious Administration of Justice within the same, as also for abolishing certain Offices now appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant Claims, ascertaining and securing Tenant Rights, and for the Sale of all Forest Lands, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by His Majesty in Right of the said Principality or County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Lord John Cavendish, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byng, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Dempster, and Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting to the Crown the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster; for the Suppression of unnecessary Offices now belonging thereto; for the Ascertainment and Security of Tenant and other Rights, and for the Sale of all Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Forests, within the said Dutchy and County Palatine, or either of them, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting to the Crown the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster', for the Suppression of unnecessary Offices now belonging thereto; for the Ascertainment and Security of Tenant and other Rights; and for the Sale of all Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Forests, within the said Duchy and County Palatine, or either of them, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Sen-ice: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Lord John Cavendish, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byng, Mr, Frederick Montagu, Mr. Dempster,

Principality of Wales.

Dutchy of Lancaster.

American

Adairs.

Mircwlbury Shirt Hull, *e.

23 Geo. III. 19 — 200 Decemms. 33

and Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poi'ed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, stating, That His faithful Commons think it their indil'penlable Duty, not only to return their grateful Thanks to His Majesty, for having adopted the Sense of His Parliament and People, in having pointed all His Views and Measures, as well in Europe as in North America, to an entire and cordial Reconciliation with those Colonies; but likewise to express to His Majesty, that whatever may be the Result of the general Negotiation for Peace now depending, their own conciliatory Sentiments towards America remain unaltered, as presented in their humble and dutiful Address to His Majesty on that Subject, during the last Session of Parliament; and therefore, that this House will consider as Enemies to His Majesty and this Country, all those who lViall endeavour to frustrate such beneficent Dispositions of His Majesty, by advising, or by any Means attempting, the further Prosecution of War on the Continent of North America;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 27th Day of and the 4th Day of March, in the l ift Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House on the Address to His Majesty, relating to the further Prosecution of ostensive War on the Continent of North America, and on His Majesty’s Answer thereto, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

for «» 5.-

Tetters for the Noes,{^ *} ,3.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die;

Anno 230 Georgii III*1 Regis, 17S2. Prayers.

SI R Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Salop, and Town of Shrewsbury, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

In liipport of the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Wingfield, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Guild Hall or Shire Hall of the Tow'n of Shrewsbury, ' wherein the Assizes for the County of Salop are in part held, and other public Business transa&ed, is an ancient Building, much out of Repair, and very inconvenient; particularly as the Court of is

held at a Distance from the Court of General Gaol Delivery, the Guild Hall being too small for the Two Courts to assemble.

Vol. 39.

That it is proposed to ereH a new Shire Hall or Building, for such Purposes, upon or near the Scite of the present Guild Hall or Shire Hall, and on Ground adjacent thereto; for which Purpose it will be necessary to raise a considerable Sum of Money, to purchase several Shops, Sheds, and other Buildings, and the Ground whereon the same now stand, situate near the said ancient Guild or Shire Hall; which cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

And the Witness added, That a Fine of j£. 2,000 has been laid upon the County, by One of the Judges at the last Assizes, upon Account of the ruinous and inconvenient State of the said Shire or Guild Hall.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Noel Hill, and Mr. Richard Hill, do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Ci- Bridewell tizens of the City of London, Governors of the Posses- HofPltal. lions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of oun ane*" Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, -veil, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and also of Brass Crosby, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the said City,

Prefulent, Richard Clark, Esquire, another of the Aldermen of the same City, Treasurer, and the other Governors of the United Hospitals of and

Bethlem, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Governors of the same Hospitals; and also, of the Minister, Chapel Wardens, and Overseers of the Poor (on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants) of Bridewell Hospital aforesaid, and of the Precincts thereunto belonging; and also of the Mhyfter, Churchwardens, ami Overseers of the Poor (on Behalf of themselves1 and the other Inhabitants) of the Parish of Ann, Blackfiryars, Lomlon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the House or Hospital called Bridewell, heretofore the Manor, Palace, and

Property of his late Majesty King Eduard the Sixth, and his Royal Progenitors, Kings and Queens of this Realm, with the Precinct thereunto' belonging, in the City of London (but held separate and distinH from the Ward of Farringdon Without, and the Parish of Saint Bride, within the same Ward) was, by Charter or Letters Patent, tested the -26th Day of June, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, granted to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, and their Successors, as Governors of the said Hospitals, with such Powers, Rights, and Privileges, to such Uses and Purposes, and subject to such Re-ftriHions, Limitations, and Trusts, as in the said Charters, or Letters Patent, are expressed; and the Ordering, Government, and Management of the said Hospital, and the other Hospitals within the said City, of Royal Foundation, have been since confirmed by an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to render valid and effectual certain " Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and " Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods,

" of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the " Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the " Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth,

" King of England, called The House of the Poor, in " WestSniithjie/d, near London, and of the House and

" Hospital called Bethlem, and the Presidents, Treasurers, and aHing Governors, of the said several " Hospitals," in such Manner, with such Powers, and subject to such Recti iHions, Limitations, and Trusts, as in such Act and Agreement are expressed; and that by an Act, pafl'cd in the Twenty-ninth Year of

K the

34

20° Dccemiris. 1782,

Bridewell the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,'

Hospital intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge cross the

oun aries. „ jjrer Thames, from , in the City of

" London, to the opposite Side, in the County of " Surrey," it is (among other Things) enabled and declared, that the Whole of the said Bridge shall be deemed to be within the Parish of Saint Ann,

fryars, in the City. of London aforesaid; and that the lame, or any Part thereof, or the Tolls to be taken thereon, should not be assessed towards the Land Tax,

1 the Repairs of Highways, Poor’s Rate, Churchwardens,

or any Ward or Parish Rate whatsoever; nor should the County of Surrey be subject to be taxed for the Repairs, or supporting the fame, by virtue of any Law then in force for amending or repairing County Bridges; and that the Ditch called Fleet Ditch, heretofore open and navigable, but some Time since arched over and covered, by virtue of the Powers and Authority of the said Act, for making, widening, enlarging, and improving, several Streets, Ways, and Railages on each Side the said River, to and from the said Bridge, was and has been imme-morially taken to be the Boundary between Precinct aforesaid, and the said Parish of Ann, Blackfryars, from the extent of the said Precinct opposite to Bride Lane towards the North, to the said River towards the South, and was made and ran in a curved and irregular Line-, and that divers large Houses, and other Buildings, have been erected, and others have been agreed to be erected, in the said Precinct, on the West Side of the Street, formed under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act, by the Direction and Power of the said Governors; and divers Houses, and other Buildings, have been erected, and are intended to be erected, in the said Parish of Saint Ann, Blackfryars, on Part of the East Side of the said Street or Avenue, some of which Houses or Buildings, or some Part thereof, lie and are fiHfate as well within the said Precinct as the said Parish, according to the ancient Limits thereof, and will consequently be subject to pay the Rales, Taxes, Lewns, and Charges, to be imposed in both Places, which will be inconvenient not only to the Inhabitants, but also to the Assess’ors and Collectors of the said Rates and Taxes, and tend to create Disputes, which the said Governors, Parishioners, and all Parties interested, are delirous to prevent; and that at a Vestry Meeting of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Ann, in the City of London aforesaid, held on Wednesday the 27th Day of November 1782, pursuant to public Notice, given in the Church of the said Parish for that Purpose, it was declared to be the unanimous Opinion of that *Veftiy, and it was thereby ordered and agreed, that in future the Centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane Northward, extending towards the South along the Centre of the said Street, to the Centre of the Foot of the North Side of Blackfryars Bridge, including the Stairs on the Welt Side of the same Street, should be the Boundary of and between the said Parish and Bridexcell Precinct, and that a Plan, with a particular Description of such intended. Boundary, should be entered in the Books of the same Parish; and it was further agreed, that the same Parish should join and concur with the Governors of and Bet ti-

le m Hospitals, and the Inhabitants of the said Precinct, in an Application to obtain an Act of Parliament for confirming that Agreement, and establishing the said Boundary, so that the same Parish should not bear any Part of the Expence of applying for and obtaining such Act; and that, at a Vestry Meeting of the Governors, Minister, Chapel Wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Hospital and Precinct, in the City of London-, held on Tuesday the 3d Day of December 1782, pursuant to public Notices given in the Chapel of the said Hospital and

4

Precinct for that Purpose, it was declared to be the Opinion of the same Vestry, and it was thereby ordered and agreed, that in future the Centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane Northward, extending towards the South along the Centre of the Foot of the North Side of Blackfryars Bridge, including the Stairs on the West Side of the same Street, should be the Boundary

between the said Parish of Saint Ann, Blackfryars, in

the said City, and the said Hospital and Precinct, and that a Plan, with a- particular Description of such intended Boundary, should be entered in the Books of the said Hospital and Precinct; and it was further agreed, that the said Hospital and Precinct should join and concur with the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Ann, Blackfryars, in the said City of London, in an Application to obtain an Act of Parliament for confirming the same Agreement, and establishing the said Boundary; and that, at a General Court, held in Bridewell Hospital on Wednesday the 18th Day of December 1782, by the Governors of Bridewell and Bethlem Hospitals, it was declared to be the Opinion of that Court, that, in pursuance of the said Order or Agreement, so made and entered into by the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ann, and of the said other Order or Agreement, so made and entered- into by the Minister, Chapel Wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Hospital and Precinct, and it w as thereby ordered, that in future the Centre of Neiv Bridge Street, from Lane Northward, extending towards the South along the Centre of the said Street, to the Centre of the Foot of the North Side of Blackfryars Bridge, including the Stairs on the West Side of the same Street, should be the Boundary of and between the said Parish of Saint Ann, Blackfryars, and the said Hospital and Precinct; and it was thereby further ordered, that an Application should be made to Parliament, to obtain an Act to confirm the aforesaid Agreements, and to establish the said Boundary; and that the Petitioners are delirous that the said several Orders or Agreements, so made or entered into as aforesaid, shall be carried into Execution, #

and confirmed by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Agreements, and for enacting and declaring that in future the Centre or Middle of New Bridge Street, from the Extent of the said Precinct (opposite to Bride Lane towards the North) to the Centre or Foot of the North Side of the said Bridge, including the Stairs on the West Side of the said Bridge, shall be the Boundary and Division of and between the said Hospital and Precinct, and the said Parish of Saint Ann, Blackfryars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, to permit the Importation of importation Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Bariev, and all of\Vlu-ut,&c. Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Pavuient of the I.ow Duties therein mentioned, for e Time to be limited,'was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Tide be, An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat,

Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to Llis Ma- Supply r,ilf; jesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for ban.! 1 -iX-

the

Supply Bill; Mali Dutits.

Hemp, &c.

An ft ruther, fee. Writ.

Spirits.

Starch.

East India Afidirs.

23 Geo. III.

2b° Decemb

35

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britaint for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of Hemp Rough, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Pitch, and Far, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, between the ift of January 1772 and the ill of January 1782; distinguidling each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Amtruther Easier, Austruther Wester, Crail, Kilrenny, and

ucem, in the room of Sir John Amtruther, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Quantity of Spirits made in England, from the 5th of July 1777 to the ,5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year, and die different Materials.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of all Spirits made in England, for Exportation, from the .5th of July 1777 to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the different Materials from which made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits now in the Warehouses for Exportation, so far as the same can be made up at the Office of General Excise in London, distinguishing the Materials from which such Spirits were made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of all Starch made in from the 5U1

of July 1777 to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each'Year.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House relative to the Appointment of a Committee, to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 25th Day of January, and the 1 "th Day of May, in die last Session of Par-

Vol. 30.

liament, of the Orders for adding the Lord Viscount Midleton, Sir Charlton Leighton, Baronet, and the honourable Thomas Pelham, to the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly)

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Ordered, That Richard South, Esquire, Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esquire, Robert Gregoty, Esquire,

Thomas Farrer, Esquire, the Right honourable Edmund

Burke, Dudley Long, Esquire, the honourable John Townshend, John Elwes, Esquire, George Esquire, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Lewisham, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, William Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Sir William James,

Baronet, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Fair-ford, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, William Baker,

Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Midleton, Sir Charlton Leighton,

Baronet, and the honourable Thomas Pelham, be the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have the same Powers, and do act under the like Instructions, as were given to the Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, Books, Papers, and Accounts, which were referred to the said Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, together with the Reports made from the said Committee, be referred to the Committee now appointed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That this House be called over, upon Wed- Call of tb» nesday the 2 2d Day of January next. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write Circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Wednesday the 22d Day of January next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

Sir,

From the House of Commons* the 20th December 1782.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, that you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Wednesday the 2 2d Day of next;

and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House,

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant

C. W. Cornwall, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 20th December 1782.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this,

to

Bilston Navi-

gnuon.

Leeds ami Live-pool Calial.

20° Decembris. A. 1782.

to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports to attend their Service in Parliament, on Wednesday the 22d Day of January next; Your Lordship will all'o be pleal'ed to give ine an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,.

My Lord,

Your I^ordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant,

W. Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, Lord Warden of the

Cinque Ports.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, whole Names are thereunto liibl'cribed, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rugby, in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Nuneaton, hi the County of Wanrick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of stone, in the County of Wawhole Names are thereunto subscribed: And all’o,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradelinen, and Manufacturers, of the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Wanrick:

Were severally presented to the House, and readj Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Biljion, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Tipton other-

wife Tibbington, Wcdne and wich, in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of

wick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said County of Stafford-, and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be a Means of enabling the Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals to finish and compLeat the fame, and thereby open a certain Communication by Water between the said Mines and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, to the great Advantage of the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the several Places abovementioned: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverham and in the several Parishes of SedgTipton otherwise bington, Wcdncslntry, and in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tumi earth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leed to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making

" the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the " River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster," certain Persons, therein nominated as Undertakers, were authorised to make the said River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable for Boats, Barges,

Lighters, and other Vessels, from the said River Ribble, up to a Place called Mircy Lane End, in the Township of Wigan aforesaid; and that, by another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds " Bridge, in the County of York, to The North Lady's " Walk in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of " caster, and from thence to the River A Jersey," the

Petitioners were impowered to begin and complete the said Navigable Cut or Canal; and that, in pur-iuance of the said first-mentioned Act, the said River Douglas, alias Asland, hath been made navigable; and, in pursuance of the second-mentioned Act, a consider-abie Part of the said Canal hath been made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to the great Benefit of the adjacent Countries; and that the Petitioners have become Purchasers of, or contrafted for, the Whole of the Undertaking of the Navigation of the said River Douglas, alias Asland; and that the aforesaid Acts are defective, and ought to be amended:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said several Acts of Parliament, and each of them, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hartley, Mr. Elwes, &c. t And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Marine Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces. Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copies of all Proceedings that have been had by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or by the General Court of Proprietors of the said Company, from the 4th of October 1775 to the 17th of July 1776, relating to the Recall of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

Governor General of Bengal: And also,

N° 2. Copies of all Letters from the Governor General, or Governor General and Council of Bengal, which have been received in the Course of the Year 1782, by the Court of Directors of the East India Company:

And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Governor General’s Narrative of the Transactions at Benares.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed that Mr. Smiton, Inspector p,irM,f Bar-of Corn Returns, attended at the Door; he was culled Icy,&c. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

As

23 Geo. III.

20° — 230 Decembris.

37

Supply.

Ways uq4 Means.

An Account of the Weekly and Quarterly Average Prices of Barley, Beans, Malt, Oats, Pease, Rye, Wheat, and Bigg (in the Port of London) from the 27th of December 1781 to the 14th of December 1782, with the Quantities and Prices from which such Averages are computed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 2 2d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W the

2 2d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2S° die Decembris;

Anno 23° Georgii III*" Regis, 1782. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brit cun, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; without any Amendment: And also,

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit die Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent " His Majesty’s Enemies from being supplied with " Ships or Vessels from Great without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday the Sift Day of January next.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Importation uf Wheat, 4c.

Preventing Ships being (applied to Eat ones.

Bilston Navi- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the taboo. Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with a Canal -then intended to be, and Vol. 39.

since made, between the River Trent and the River Mersey, at or near Haywood Mill, in the County of Stafford', and that, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, another Act was passed, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and particularly to authorize the Petitioners to raise such further Sums of Money, for compleating the said Navigation, as are therein mentioned, the Money which the Petitioners were authorized to raile for making and compleating the said Canal, by virtue of the mid first-mentioned AQ, being found insufficient for that Purpose; and that the said Navigation hath been since compleated, at the Expence of 150,000l. and upwards; and that the principal Inducement to the Petitioners to undertake the making of the said Navigation, was the Advantage expected to arise from Coals to be raised at the Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bils Wednesbury, and Tipton, in the said County of , and navigated on the said Canal in general, and more particu- . larly along the same down to the River Severn, for the Supply of the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Part of the Counties of Wanoick and Somerset', and that there are Yearly navigated upon the said Canal to the River Severn, for the Supply of the Parts above-mentioned, very large Quantities of Coals raised at the Mines afore-mentioned, which yield to the said Company the greater Part of the Tonnage received by them; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Venders of Coals at the Severn Market, raised at the said Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston, Wednesbury, Sedgley, and Tipton, do now render the same at that Market at as cheap a Rate as is possible for them to do, and consequently that any Scheme tending to advance the Price of the said Coals must be destructive of the Severn Trade therein; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise ton, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the said County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, and- from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham, to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be compleated between Atherstone and the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey) at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Basset, in the said County of Stafford', and that the Petitioners are under the greatest Apprehensions, that, if the said intended Canal shall take place, large Quantities of Coals, to be raised at the Mines aforementioned, w'ill be carried along such intended Canal into remote Parts of the County of Warwick, and also into the County of Oxford, and other distant Parts, by Means whereof the Demand for Coals will be lo much increased, that the Price thereof at the Mines will be advanced, lo that those Persons who are now employed in, and supported by, the Trade in Coals from the Mines before-mentioned to the River Severn, will be obliged to decline the fame; and the Petitioners will also be thereby deprived of the principal Benefit arising upon the Space of Twenty-five Miles and upwards of their said Canal, which is more than One Half of the Extent thereof, and the Public will likewise be greatly injured thereby; and that the Petitioners are also under Apprehensions, that, in case the said intended Canal shall take place, and the said Coventry Canal shall be compleated between Atherstone and the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, the Petitioners will be thereby entirely deprived of the Tonnage on Merchandize passing between the Navigable River Trenf and the Town of Birmingham, and which is now carried along Twenty Miles or upwards, other Phrt of their said Canal, (to wit) from the Junction thereof with the said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, at Hey-wood Mill, to Autherley, in the Parish of Tettenhall, in the

L said

Newtown

Writ.

Sparrow's 11 erne, &c. Road.

Turvey In-do fu re.

Fafnacht's

Nat

Marine Forces.

23® Decembris. A. 1782.

said County of Stafford, where the same is joined by the Birmingham Canal, which last mentioned Tonnage was the principal Object which encouraged the Petitioners to extend their said Canal to there

to join the said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law; and that they may be heard against the lame, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibhington, Wednesbury, and in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a

Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- East India pany do lay before this House, Copies of their several Affairs. Orders relative to the Treatment of the Polygars, principal Zemindars, and other Natives of Rank and Authority in India, together with all Accounts received of any Intentions to dispoffeis any of the Polygars aforesaid of their Lands, and what hath been done in Consequence of such. declared Intentions; and also, an Account of the Enquiries made by the Court of Directors, with regard to the Observance of their laid Orders, and the Result thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ditto, count of the present Condition of the Descendants and Family of the late Rajah or Polygar of Marawar, together with the Enquiry made concerning the said Persons, and the Result thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Maitland and Mr. Duto‘

St. Andrew St. John, be added to the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahai', and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Henry JDundas, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Bill to enable such Heads of Colleges and Halls, Heads of Col-within the Universities of Oafford and Cambridge, as are le6e* enabled now prohibited by the Statutes of the said Colleges or 10 Daan7* Halls from marrying, to marry, and to enable married Men to be elected Heads of such Colleges or Halls, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Dolben, Mr. Mansfield, &c.: And they are to m'eet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Hem, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watfford, Berkhamsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Halsey, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Martin, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 21st Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Papers which have been East India presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, Affair*, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Molyneux, Royal Assent

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three:

An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Com,

Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the Low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually " to prevent His Majesty’s Enemies from being

" supplied

33 Geo. III. 33® Decembris — 31* Januarii. 39

" i'upplied with Ships or Vessels from Great " tain"

And then the House adjourned till the 21ft

Day of January next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mortis, 21° die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Coventry |i IfR. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in

Wnt. iVl pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in

the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House " of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die " during the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, in the room of Edward Roe Esquire.

Lincoln Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln, in the room of Sir Thomas Clarges, Baronet, deceased.

Newark upon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Treat Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottinghamin the room of the Right honourable George Sutton, commonly called Lord George Sutton, deceased.

Do Deader, A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put

Ac. Road*. In Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing such Part of the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Cross, and also from

Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough-bridge, in the County of York, as lie between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Borough-bridge; and also of another Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and make more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York; and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said respective Part of the said Road, which have been laid out towards repairing and amending the same, and Two Turnpikes have been set up across the said Part of the said Road; and that the said Part of the said Road hath been repaired, but Part of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls is still owing, and several Parts of the said Road are very incommodious and unsafe for Passengers, particularly such Parts thereof as lie through the Villages of Fcdrbum and Vol. 39.

and several other very considerable Improvements are intended to be made; and that the said Trustees, in order to render the same as convenient as possible, have had a Survey taken of the Ground lying on the back Part of the said Villages of Fair burn and and find that a very commodious and safe Road may be made there, by purchasing a sufficient Quantity of Ground to make such Road; and that the Brook or River at the South End of the Town of Boroughbridge, is also very dangerous for Travellers, on which Account the said Trustees intend to build a Bridge across the fame, and to raise the Road so as to make it at all Times above High Water Mark; and that the Tolls directed by the said Acts to be collected on the said Part of the said Road are insufficient to pay off the Money so remaining due, and the Interest thereof, and to keep in Repair the said Part of the said Road, and to make such other necessary Amendments and Alterations as aforesaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Part of the said Road, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Gascoigne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person% Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- BilflonMavi-cil, and other the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, Sation* whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, and Traders, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Market Towns of Evesham,

Pershore, and Chipping Campden, the Vale of Evesham, and the adjacent CotrnouId Hills, in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbrom-wich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazelcy, in the Parish of Tamxcorth, in the said County of Stafford:

And praying, That the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered ' to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rueto’a Nat for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruetei without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Baton, from the

40 2 i° — 2 2° . A. 1783.

Spirit*, See.

Surrender of a Person ordered into Custody.

the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits made in England, fi-om the 5th of July 1777 to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the different Materials: And also.

An Account of all Spirits made in England, for Exportation, from the 5th oi July 1777 to the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the different Materials from which made: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits now in the Warehouses for Exportation, so far as the same can be made up at the Office of General Excise in j

distinguishing the Materials from which such Spirits were made: And also,

An Account of all Starch made in England, from the 5th oijuly 1777 to the 5 th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House informed the House, That Thomas Lewin, Esquire, who, on the ift Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, had, this Day, offered to surrender himself to the Custody of the said Serjeant.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the said ift Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to inquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the,

and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts; respecting Lanin, Esquire, and of the Resolution and Order of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordinglyj and the said Resolution and Order are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the said , Esquire,

" late Secretary to the Council of Madras, having disobeyed several Orders of the Committee of Secrecy, " appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that " now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts, for his " Attendance on the said Committee Yesterday and this " Morning, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House."

Ordered, That the said Lanin, Esquire,

" be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the " Serjeant at Arms attending this House."

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, of the Report from the said Committee of Secrecy, so far as the same related to Thomas Lanin, Esquire, late Secretary to the Council at Madras, having withdrawn himself from this Kingdom, and of the Proceedings and Resolutions of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and the said Resolutions are as followeth; viz.

" Resoloed, That it appears to this House, That " Thomas Lewin, Esquire, late Secretary to the Council " at Madras, has absconded, in order to avoid being " examined before the Committee of Secrecy, appointed " to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists " in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the " British Poflessions in those Parts, and to report the " same to the House, with their Observations there-

" Resolved, That an humble Address be presented " to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased " immediately to issue His Royal Proclamation, with " such Reward as His Majesty shall think proper, for " discovering, apprehending, and detaining, the said " Thomas Lewin"

The House was also moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 4th Day of April 1707, " That,

" when any Person, ordered to be taken into the Custody " of the Serjeant at Arms, shall either abscond from " Justice, or, having been in Custody, shall refuse to " pay the just Fees; that, in either of those Cafes,

" the Order for Commitment shall be renewed the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Lewin, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Affalr*-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Extracts of Letters from the " Court of Directors of the East India Company to the " President and Council at Fort Saint , and to the

" Nabob of Arcot, relative to the Polygars."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Marine whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Force*. Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Januarii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

P EATERS.

A PETITION of the Proprietors of the Brine Billion Navi Pits and Salt Works, and other the Inhabitants gation. of the Borough of Droitwitch, in the County of cester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbrorrrwich, in the County of Stafford, to or

near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in

the

fcilfton Navigation*

Birmingham

Canal.

Preacher for 30 Jan.

Expiring

Laws.

Representa-Uon in Parliament.

23 Ge5. Ill, 1 2° Januarii. 41

the said County of Stafford: And praying, That the same may not pais into a Law.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the Chancellor; Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and praying, that the same may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Brine Pits and Salt Works, and other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County, of Worcester,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that Application hath been made, for Leave to brino in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from that Part of one of the Collateral Cuts now belonging to the Birmingham Canal Navigation, leading to Wednesbury Holloway, which leads

from Riders Green, in the Parish of , in

the County of Stafford, by or near Great Bridge, and from thence through the Lands of Elizabeth Dudley, Widow, George Birch, Esquire, the Reverend Mr. Best, Thomas Hoo, Esquire, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and terminating near Broadwater Fire Enginein the Parish of Wednesbury, in the said County of Stafford, together with Five fuiall Collateral Branches leading to different Coal Mines, in the Parishes of Tipton,

Sedgeley, Wolverhampton, and Wednesbury, in the said County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners conceive, if such Extension were made, it would increase the Quantity of Coals on the present Birmingham Canal Navigation, without opening any new Markets for the lame, by which the Petitioners, and the adjacent Country, may derive great Advantages, as it may tend to prevent any further Advance on the Price of Coals from those as well as all other Mines that now supply them, which, from the present great Consumption, there is every reason to fear would be attended with many very injurious Consequences to the Salt Works in the said Borough, which are productive of so large a Revenue to this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie. upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation is referred.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr. Elwes, &c. :And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, the Inhabitants of the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Vol. 39.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, thdrotighly fenfi-ble of the Excellence of the Constitution, and of that elsential Branch of it, the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, cannot but lament the present State of the same so partially elected, and having frequently a separate Interest from the People, are unequal to express the general Sense of the said Commons; and that the Petitioners consider the same as a Grievance materially affecting the Petitioners, and the whole Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, to take the same into their speedy Consideration, and to afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, was presented to the Cricklad# House, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 18th Eleaion; Day of December last, the Petitioner presented a Petition to the House, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the Honourable George Richard St. John, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Qricklade, in the County of Wilts, alleging, that the Petitioner conceives himself duly elected at the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned, as also, that the Petitioner was informed, that at the Time of the said Election the said George Richard St. John was a Minor, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years; which Petition the House has ordered to be taken into Consideration on Tuesday, the 4th of next Month; and that the Petitioner, in January 1781, commenced Actions against Paul Benfeld, Esquire, a Member of the House, and John M'Pherson, Esquire, who at that Time had likewise a Seat in the House by an undue Return, for Bribery and Corruption practised by them at the Election, in September 1780, of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, but which Actions the Petitioner has been prevented from bringing to Issue by the Abuse of the Privilege of Parliament, exercised by the said Paul Benfeld _and John M'Pherson;and that afterwards the said Paul Benfeld and John M commenced Actions against the Petitioner upon an unjust Charge of Bribery and Corruption, and, by the perjured Evidence of the Witnesses who were examined upon the Trials of the said Actions, obtained Verdicts against the Petitioner; and that against Two of those Witnesses, without whose Evidence no Verdict would have been given against the Petitioner, Bills of In-didment for wilful and corrupt Perjury in their Evidence in the said Causes were found by the Grand Jury at Marlborough, so long ago as tine Michaelmas Quarter Sessions 1781, but, by the Management of the Solicitors of the said Paul Benfeld and John , M(Pherson, the Petitioner has been hitherto prevented from bringing them to Trial; and that on Thursday, the 9th of this present Month of January, by virtue of Writs from Robert Taylor and Benjamin,

Esquires, Sheriffs of the County of Middlesex, dated the 28th of November last, directed to Richard Hayes,

John Doe, and Richard Roe, and sued out by Melfrs.

Wallis and Troward, Solicitors to the said Paul Bcn-feld and John McPherson, the Petitioner was taken in Execution upon the Judgments obtained on the said Verdicts, by the said Richard Hawes, and carried by him to the House of David Simpson, a Sheriff’s Officer, in Brook Street, Holborn, where he has ever since been, and where he uow is; and that the Petitioner, conceiving the Privileges of the House to be violated in the Person of the Petitioner, therefore prays the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

The House was moved, *That the Entry in the

M Journal

Fafhacht/s

Nat.

Canterbury

Road.

Maidenhead Bridge, &c. Roads.

220 Jamarit. 1783.

Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of November 1707, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to Mr. AsgiU, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege, and to search for Precedents of Persons taken in Execution, and in Custody, who have been Petitioners claiming a Seat as Members of this House, and desiring to be' allowed the Privilege of this House, to be delivered out of such Custody; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl of Surrey, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Secretary T Mr. Mr. Grenville, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Orde, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Eden, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Smith, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Etwes, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. For, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Hartley, Lord Frederick CampbeU,

Sir John Rous, the Lord Newhaven, Mr. Graces, Mr. Rosezcame, Mr. Powys, Mr. Mr. Vyner,

the Lord Allhorpe, Mr. St. John, Sir James Marriot, the Lord Mahon, the Lord North, Sir James bume, Sir George Howard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Davenport, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Lee, Mr. Burke, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Jenkinson, Sir

Adam Fergusson, Mr. Brett, the Lord Lewisham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ehces reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstans Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trac; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several considerable Sums of Money due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money owing cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and feme further and other Powers given for those Purposes: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideradon of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ebwes, Mr. Ord, &c.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Whitehill, Esquire, was pre- WhitehilPs fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, Forfeiture, by an Act passed in the lall Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for compelling John Whitehill,

" Esquire!, to return into this Kingdom, and for " retraining him, in case of his Return, from going " out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and " for discovering his Estate and Eflfefts, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame," the Petitioner has incurred a Forfeiture to His Majesty, of all his Property, Real and Personal; and that, at the time of passing the Act, the Petitioner was not in this Kingdom, having left it in November 1781, when no Proceedings had been commenced against him, either in the Courts of Law or Equity, nor had he any Intimation of any Charge preferred, or any Refelution passed or agitated in either House of Parliament, affecting his Conduct in India; and that the Petitioner foleninly declares, that the Cause of his leaving the Kingdom was not from any Apprc-hensions of the Consequences of an Enquiry into his Conduct, nor with the remotest Design of withdrawing himself, or his Property, from the Justice of Parliament; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to Iblicit the Attention of the House to his present Situation, in respect to the Charges that have been exhibited against him of Misconduct in India; that he is in the State of one accused only, but not convicted, and that he has not hitherto been heard in his Defence; and that the Petitioner admits, that, by the before-mentioned Act, a limited Period was allowed him to return into this Kingdom, and to controvert those Charges, under the Conditions in the Act mentioned, and the Petitioner is folly sensible of the Weaknels and Impropriety of his Conduct in not having so done; but the Petitioner, throwing himself upon the Mercy and Compassion of the House, hopes he shall be deemed not altogether unworthy of their Forgive-ness for this Default, when they shall be pleased to consider, in Addition to the infirm Condition of his Health, the utter Inability the Petitioner was under, from the State of his Affairs, of complying with the Requisitions of the Act, in respect to the Sureties thereby required, and the Apprehensions he was under from his private Creditors, to whom he was largely indebted, and whom, from the Bulk of his Property being the n, as it still is, in India, he was utterly unable to fetisfy, or even to procure Bail to any Actions that might be brought against him; and that the Petitioner, notwithstanding the Weight of these Difficulties still pressing u|>on him, has returned into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of submitting himself to the Justice of Parliament, and of laying open his Fortune and his Conduct to the fullest Inveitigation which the House may think proper to institute; and the Petitioner doubts not that, if by the Indulgence of the House he shall be permitted to be let into his Defence against the Charges of Misconduct in India, he shall be able fully to vindicate himself; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to represent, that very little Delay has been hitherto occasioned by his Absence, in the Prosecution against him; and the Petitioner solemnly declares, that he has not, in the mean Time,

6 alienated

23 Geo. III. 22° Jamarii. 43

Alienated or removed from this Kingdom, nor attempted to alienate or remove, any Part of his Property, except lb much as was necessary for his Subsistence, the Whole of which he is ready to give an Account of, under the severest Penalties that the House shall think fit to impole; and that the Petitioner hopes, that his Absence from the Kingdom, under these Circumstances, does not merit the heavy Punishment inflicted by the said Act, whereby the Petitioner, at the Close of a Life worn out iu laborious Employments, is doomed to inevitable Penury and Ruin, and to linger out the Remainder of that Life amidli the Horrors of perpetual Imprisonment ;the Petitioner therefore humbly implores the Corapaffion of the House, to allow him that Indulgence, which he is advised is always allowed upon Outlawry in Civil Cafes in the Courts of Law, and which, he is also advised, will be found warranted by the Authority of Precedent in the Annals of Parliament; and that the Petitioner solicits nothing from the House but an Opportunity of being heard in his Defence, and that, after such Hearing, the House will then condemn or acquit him, as in their Justice they shall think fit: In the mean Time, The Petitioner prays, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purpose of repealing lb much of the afore-mentioned Act as inflicts the Penalty of a total Forfeiture on the Petitioner, for not surrendering within the Time limited by the Act for the Petitioners Return, or that Parliament will provide such other Relief for the Petitioner as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dempster, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

NorthDeigh- A Petition of Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, and William

ton loclofare. Dodsworth, Gentleman, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York, Four Open and Uninclosed Fields, called West Field, Kirk Field, Huber Field, and North Field, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, called New Ing, containing together, by Efti-mation, Five hundred and Forty-six Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Sir John Ingilby, Thomas Thornton, Esquire, the Reverend Richard Thompson, Clerk, as Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton, in the said County, in which Parish the said Township of North Deighton lies, the said William Dodsworth, and all'o Elizabeth Bmves, and Dorothy Bowes, Spin-Iters, are the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said Open Fields and Meadow Ground; and that the Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Meadow Ground lie difperied and intermixed with each other, and are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Meadow Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marin* Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from

Fwcw. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which Vol. 39.

the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read; House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of February next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for foe Ye^ %£* } 7*

Tellers for the Noes,|}'°8-

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House be now called over;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "now," and adding, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon Friday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon Friday Morning next," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Friday Morning next,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant LaunceAon to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheoed, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Bowlby, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, ana Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given Ireland — to bring in a Bill for removing and preventing all Legislativ* Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning Rights of the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Par, ittUient-Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature, and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal, from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain:

And that Mr. Secretary Townshend, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, General Conway, Mr. Attorney General, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the ame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Duties on Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Tobacco. King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Resolved,

44

2 2° — a 30 Jamarii. A. 1783.

Importation of Currants*

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

a Bridge across the fame, and to raise the Road, so as to make it at all Times above High Water Mark.

And the Witness added. That the Tolls authorized to be taken upon the said Part of the said Road are insufficient for the above Purposes, and to pay off the Money owing, and keep the Road in Repair; which cannot be done unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, arc continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to JVr and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wet her by, and from thence to Borough-bridge: And that Mr. Mellish and the Lord Galway do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jovis, 23° die Januarii;

Anno 230 Georgii III'" Regis, 1783. Phavers.

Doncaster, 1V/T Mellish reported from the Committee, to

&c. Roads. XVJL whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament for repairing such Part of the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the Siuth Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge in the County of York, as lie between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge-, and also of another Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and make more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the Sduth Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York-, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Mr. James Collins being examined, said, That in pursuance thereof, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon that Part of the said Road which lies between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, which have been expended in repairing and amending the same — That Part of the Money so borrowed is still due and owing; and several Parts of the said Road are very narrow and incommodious, and unsafe for Patten-gers, particularly such Parts thereof as lead through the Villages of Fail-burn and Brolherton — That, by a Survey taken, it appears a very commodious and fate Road may be made on the back Part of the said Villages, by purchasing a sufficient Quantity of Ground for that Purpose — That the Brook or River, at the South End of the Town of Boroughbridge, is also very unsafe, and dangerous for Travellers; and the Trustees propose to build

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Heads of Col-whotn the Bill to enable such Heads of Colleges and fegea enabled Halls, within the Universities of O.iford and Cambridge, to uian> as are now prohibited by the Statutes of the said Colleges or Halls from marrying, to marry, and to enable married Men to be elected Heads of such Colleges or Halls, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi’ed.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Bilrton Na.i-thereunder written, was presented to the House, and gation. read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford-, and setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Lands near to or through which the said Canal is intended to be cut, apprehend that great Injury will arile to them, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, as well by the Prejudice which the Occupiers of such Lands will sustain, as by the near Approach of the said intended Canal to the Houses and Pleasure Grounds of several of the Petitioners, which they have made at great Expence: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners muy be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditta. thereunder written, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Owners or Occupiers of Mills, near to which the said Canal is intended to be cut, apprehend that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law', great Injury will arile thereby, as well to the Property of the Pcti-tioners, as to the Trade and Manufactures carried oiv

in

a3 Geo. III. $3 Januariu45

in the Neighbourhood Of such intended Canal, by Means of its intercepting several Streams and Currents of Water, which at present communicate with, and run into, the River Thame, whereby the Water (already insufficient for the Supply and Working of several Mills upon the said River) will be considerably diminished: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then ’ heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill,

upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Filrton Navi- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and prin-g*tion< cipal Manufacturers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

| Navigation from the Tr to the Mersey.

! Were severally presented to the House, and read;

likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Cora and The House being informed that Mr. from

Grain. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he'was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Com and Grain imported into the several Ports of England, from the 5th of July 1782 to the 12th of December following; distinguishing the Sorts and Quantity at each Port: And also,

Hemp, Sec. An Account of the Value of Hemp Rough, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Pitch, and Tar, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, between the lft of January 1772 and the lft of January 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And thd Titles, of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fig'ith The House being informed that Mr. Beachcroft and

kcp.>rt Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for exa-Accounts. mining, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Fighth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the 'Title of the Paid Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

Vo 1.. 39.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgefleS#-in Parliament assembled.

The Eighth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

In all the Acts by which we have been constituted, one of the express Purposes of our Appointment, and# in the last Act, the only one particularly mentioned, is " to examine, and state, in what Manner, and at what " Times, the Receipts, Blues, and Expenditures of the Public Monies are now accounted for; and to con-1 " fider and report, by what Means and Methods the " Public Accounts may in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances due from " them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less " expensive Manner."

In our Examination into the Pay Offices of the Navy And Army, we found the Accounts very far in Arrear; Seventy-five Millions, the Blues of upwards of Twenty-four Years, to October 1780, for the Navy Services#

Forty-(even Millions, the I flues of Sixteen Years, to the same Period (exclusive of the unsettled Account of Lord Holland) for the Army Services, were unaccounted for.

So striking a Circumstance would have led us, of Course, to that Office, where the Public Accounts of the Kingdom are audited, that we might endeavour to discover the Causes of this Delay; whether it arises from any Want of Power to compel Persons to come to Account, or from any Neglect in the Exercise of that Power; whether from any Defect in the Constitution, or in the Execution of the Office that audits the Accounts; or whether it is occasioned by any Obstructions thrown in the Way by the accountable Persons themselves.

We inquired, in the first Place, whether there exists any compulsive Power to bring in Public Accountants, and what Steps are taken previous to their accounting. ^0Deix*4 Upon these Points, Mr. John Hughfon, Clerk of the N. Debentures, in the Office of the Auditor of the Exche- N, quer; Adam Martin, Esquire, First Clerk in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer; and n* 3.

Mr. Alexander Bennet, one of the sworn Clerks in the same Office, gave us the following Information.

The Power of compelling Public Accountants to come to Account, is lodged in the Court of Exchequer:

It is exercised by either an Ordinary or an Extraordinary Process. The Ordinary Process, is a Writ of Distringas ad Computandum, issued by the King’s Remembrancer, periodically, and of Course, after every ifiuable Term.

The Extraordinary Process, is a Writ of Capias ad Computandum, which issues by special Order of the Court of Exchequer, where the Sum to be accounted for is in Danger, and upon particular Application made to them for that Purpose.

The Proceedings upon the Ordinary Process are in the following Manner:

All Money issued from the Exchequer by the Auditor of the Receipt, is issued either upon Account, or without Account: It does not depend upon his Discretion, which of these Forms he shall make use of; he is governed by the Authority that directs the Blue; that is, either by an Act of Parliament, or by the King’s Warrant under the Great or Privy Seal; and by no other Authority than these can Money be issued out of the Exchequer.

Twice in every Year, after each of the issuable Terms, the Auditor of the Receipt makes out a Roll, called. The General Imprest Roll, which contains all the Sums issued from the Exchequer upon Account, during the preceding Half Year, with the Names of the Persons to whom, and for what Services, issued.

N This

4 $ 33° Janmrii. . A. 1783.

Eighth Report on Public Accounts.

8th and 9th William I lid. hap. 28th.

V4.

N* 5.

This Roll is recorded by the Clerk of the Pells, and transmitted to the Office of the King’s Remembrancer; a Mode of Proceeding directed by the Act for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer.

About the same Time that this Imprest Roll comes to the King’s Remembrancer, the Auditors of the Imprest make out and send to him a Certificate of the Accounts depending in their Office: By these Means the King's Remembrancer has every Half Year full Information to regulate his Proceedings; the General Imprest Roll tells him what Persons are become accountable, and for what Sums; and the Imprest Certificate (hews him which of those Persons are proceeding to pass their Accounts, and how far any of them have proceeded in passing the m. This Officer exercises a discretionary Power, both as to the Persons against whom, and the Time w hen, he shall issue the Distringas: He pays little Attention to the General Imprest Roll, for Two Rea-fons; First, because many of the Sums mentioned therein to have been issued on Account, are nevertheless in their Nature not subject, nor intended to be accounted for; as Salaries, and Payments for small Services performed. And, Secondly, because those Sums which are intended to be accounted for, having been issued so recently as within the last Half Year only, may not have been applied to the Purposes for which they were intended, or, if they have, the Accountants can hardly be supposed to be ready with, and to have prepared their Accounts for Examination so loon after the Application.

The Imprest Certificate is the Instrument by which the King’s Remembrancer, in Conlultation with the Deputy Auditor of the Imprest, is governed as to the Persons against whom he shall issue this Process. "Where the Accounts therein stated appear to be of very ancient Date* or depending and in a Train of Prosecution, such Accountants are not put in Process; if the Accounts are of late Date, and the Accountants, having had a reasonable Time for Preparation, have taken no Steps for the Prosecution, against these the Distringas ifl’ues.

All Accountants, unless the Place of their Abode is specified, are supposed to relide, and most of the great Accountants do in Fast reside, within the Jurisdiction of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex: To them, therefore, the Distringas against these Accountants issues. We required from the King’s Remembrancer ‘.ie Wri of Distringas that issued to those Sheriffs after the last Hilary Term, with the Return and Schedules annexed, for our Inspection; a Copy of the Writ and Return is inserted in the Appendix.

The Schedules annexed to this Writ are very numerous; many of them contain large Sums. They are of various Dates; and some very ancient, as far back as the Year 1698. Each contains the Name of the Accountant, and, frequently, the Sum for which he is to account, and the Service for which it was illiied. The Return of the Sheriffs to the Writ before 11s is, as to all the Accountants in the several Schedules thereto annexed, indiscriminately, that none of them had any Lands or Chattels in his Bailiwick by which he could distrain them; nor were they found in the same; that is, in the Language of Office, a Return, or Nulla bona, and Non inventus.

From the Information of Mr. John , the

principal Clerk in the Office of the Sheriff of Middlesex, we learn the Practice of the Office relative to this Writ. It is ufued not to execute it; it is a Process of Courier; and the Return indorsed upon the Writ l>e-fore us, is the constant regular Return upon every one of these periodical Writs of Distringas ad Compu-tandum.

The King’s Remembrancer, after it is returned to his Office, takes olf from the Bundle of Schedules the

4

returned Writ, together with those Schedules in which the Purpose of the Distringas has been satisfied, and files them with the Writ: The Remainder of the Schedules, with the Addition of the Names and Schedules taken from the last Imprest Certificate, are annexed to the renewed Writ, and are issued again to the Sheriff. Upon his Apposal in the Court of Exchequer, the new Schedules are read to him, and he is questioned upon his Oath relative to the Execution of this Writ: His Answer is usually agreeable to his Return. Sometimes the Baron of the Exchequer before whom he is apposed, where the particular same strikes him, directs the Sheriff to return Issues to a certain Amount: In that Cafe, the Sheriff alters his Return, and indorlbs upon the Writ the Issue3 di-rested, which are transmitted to the Pipe Office, to be levied by Process from thence; but of this Proceeding the Instances are rare, and the Officer of the Sheriff of Middlesex recollects but one Instance in Thirty-three Years, where Issues were drawn down to the Pipe, and levied.

Having thus examined into the Means of compelling Public Accountants to come to an Account, we proceeded, in the next Place, to the Office where these Accounts are audited; that is, to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. Of the Constitution, Authority, and Execution of this Office, we received Information from John Bray, Esquire, late Deputy jjo 6 Auditor, and from Charles Harris, Esquire, one of the N. _ present Deputy Auditors in the Office of Lord Mount-stuart.

This Office is instituted for the sole Purpose of auditing and examining the Public Accounts: It is executed by Two Auditors, independent of each other; each having a separate and distinct Office, his own Deputies, Officers, and Clerks. He is appointed by Letters Patent Upon Inspefition of those by which Lord Sondes and Lord Mountstuart now enjoy this Office, it appears that he is appointed Auditor of the Preft or Imprest, and foreign Accounts, to execute the Office by himself, dr his Deputy or Deputies, during his good Behaviour. The Power therein delegated to him is, to audit and determine, with the Advice, Authority, and Consent of the Commissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Accounts and Views of Accounts of several Officers and Duties therein particularly specified, and, in general, of all Persons being accountable for any Sums of Money received by the Name of Imprest from the King, or any other Person in his Name, and to be applied about the Affairs of the King: It is confined to the Examination of the Accounts; he has no Power to bring the Accountants before him; if not compelled by the Exchequer Process, they come at their own Pleasure only. By the General Imprest Roll from the Exchequer every Half Year, he learns who are become accountable, and for what Sums issued from thence. The Yearly Accounts of some, and the Final Accounts of other of the great Accountants, inform him of the Insupers or Sub-accountants; but in the Imprest Certificate, which he transmits every Half Year to the King’s Remembrancer, he inserts those Accountants only whose Accounts are then depending; and, when once inserted, he has no Authority to leave them out; their Names mult remain upon all fubi’e-quest Certificates, until their Accounts are passed; and from thence it arises that Accounts of a Very ancient Date, Debts obsolete and del'perate, constantly appear upon these Certificates.

The Accounts audited in this Office' are of Two Kinds; Ordinary, and Extraordinary. The Ordinary Accounts are prepared, made up, and presented to the Lords of the Treasury for Declaration, by virtue of the Authority vested in the Auditor by the Letters

Patent.

23 Geo. III. 23° Jamarii. 47

Patent. The Extraordinary Accounts are prepared, made up, and presented for Declaration, in pursuance of a special Warrant obtained for that Purpose, either from the King or from the Treasury; previous to the Application for this Warrant, tire Auditor examines the Account and Vouchers, makes up a State of it, and presents it to the Treasury for their Approbation and Allowance. In consequence of such Allowance, a Warrant is procured; which directs the Auditor to prepare, make up, and present for Declaration, the Account, conformably to the State of it so approved of and allowed. Which of thel'e Extraordinary Accounts require the King’s, and which a Treasury Warrant, does not feein to be ascertained by any known Distinction; the Auditor is taught by the Usage of Office only, which he is to apply for. The Accounts of Governors and Quarter Mailers General are passed by the King’s Warrant; the Accounts of Contractors by a Treasury Warrant.

Some of the Accounts are Annual, and have a Continuance; as those of the Treal'urer of the Navy, and Paymaster General of the Forces; such Accounts are usually passed, a Year’s Account alternately in each Office; other Accounts are carried, at the Option of the Accountant, to which of the Two Offices he chuses; but it is in the Power of the Lords of the Treasury to direct an Account to be audited in either Office; and there are some Accounts, such as those of the Bank and South Sea Company, which are audited by both Officers jointly.

Having thus obtained a general Knowledge of the Mode of transacting the Business of this Office, we proceeded to inquire into the Application of these general Rules to the auditing and passing the particular Accounts.

We began this Inquiry in the same Order in which we had examined into the Offices themselves; that is, fiill with the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy. We required from the Auditors of the Imprest the last declared Account of a Treasurer of the Navy, with the Ledgers, Charge, Discharge, and other Materials from which that Account was made out. The Account transmitted to us pursuant to this Requisition, was that of the late George for One Year,

ending the 31st of December 17.59, w*th Three Folio Ledgers, and other detached Papers; comprehending the Total Charge upon him for that Year, his Total Discharge, and Two Abstracts.

The Charge conlilts of Two Parts; the Imprest Roll, and the Voluntary Charge. The Imprest Roll contains all the Sums itnprested to him from the Exchequer during the Period of his Account; and is produced by the Treasurer to the Auditor as his Proof for that Charge. The Voluntary Charge contains all the Sums received by him during the same Time upon other Accounts, and Deductions made by him in his Payments; that is to say, Imprefts of tbruier Treasurers cleared by him, Money arising from the Sale of old Navy and Victualling Stores and decayed Provisions, Abatements from Bills, and from Ship, Yard, and Sick and Hurt Books, from Half Pay Lifts, and Chatham Chest.

The Discharge consists of Entries of the following Articles: All the Bills paid by him in the Year 1759, for- the Ordinary and Extraordinary Navy Services, for the Sick and Hurt, and for the Victualling Service: They are numbered, and entered as paid, either on the 14th or on the last Day of every Month, thele Two being the Periods on which the Treasurer certifies his Receipts and Payments to the Navy and Victualling Boards. The Number of the Navy Bills in this Year’s Account, is Five thousand and Fifty-two; of the Victualling, Three thousand Three hundred Forty-eight; and of the §ick and Hurt, One Vo l. 39.

thousand and Forty; together, Nine thousand Four Eighth hundred and Forty Bills; — Entries of the Extra Pay- 0„p°u^e ments, with the Receipts for them annexed, being Accouuu. Twelve in Number; — Entries of the Payment of Two hundred and Forty-four Ships Books made up as paid in that Year; each Entry is the Sum Total of the Wages of the Mailer, Officers, and Mariners, during their Service on board that Ship, for a certain stated Period, referring to that Ship’s Book remaining in the Navy Office; — Entries of the Total Sums paid to the Clerk of the Cheque, Officers, and Men, employed in each Yard, for their Wages during a certain stated Period; and of the total Sums paid to the Hospital Ships, and for Sick Quarters, referring to Books; and for the Half Pay, referring to Lilts; all remaining in the Navy Office.

The Two Abstracts are, the Navy, and the Victualling. The Navy-Abstract is an Index, in which all the Bills are entered under general Heads, ranged Alphabetically, expressing for the moll Part, either the Services, or the Species of Stores or Materials, which is the Subject Matter of the Payment. Each Entry contains the Sum, and the Person to whom paid; and the Payments under each Head are call up to a Total. It contains also the Sums paid for the Sick and Hurt, Extra Payments, and on the Ship, Yard, Hospital, and Sick Quarters Books, and on the Half Pay Lift. To this is prefixed an alphabetical Index of all the Heads, with their several Totals, call up into One Sum; this is called the Abstract abstracted.

The other Abstract contains the Victualling Payments, digested and ranged in a Method similar to that of the Navy Abstract. Thele Materials, collected together, form a complete Ledger of a Year’s Account of a Treasurer of the Navy: From them is composed the formal Account, which palfes through various Offices, and to a State of which the Treasurer swears.

Sections of the Ledgers, and the other Papers, are lent, from Time to Time, from 'the Pay Office of the Navy to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest; but none of the Vouchers for the Entries are sent with them (except the Receipts for the Extra Payments, which are very few); nor does the Auditor inspect any of these Vouchers; he allows the Payments upon a different Ground. The last Page of the Voluntary Charge, and every Page of the Ledgers, which contain the Entries of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Bills, or the last Page, where the Entry of a Bill takes up more Pages than One; every Page containing the Payments on the Ship, Yard, Hospital, and Sick Quarters Books, and on the Half Pay j^ilt, is signed at the Bottom by Three Commissioners of the Navy. Upon the Authority of these Signatures, the Auditor allows the Voluntary Charge, and all the Payments, without the Production of any of the Vouchers: He does this in pursuance of a Writ of N* $. Privy Seal, which every Treasurer of the Navy procures foooo after his Appointment, and which directs the Commissioners of the Navy, in the first Place, to examine the Ledger Books of Accounts of the Treasurer, and Three of them to sign every Page, and orders that these Books, so subscribed, shall be taken and allowed a fulheient Warrant and Voucher to the Auditors, and all other Officers of the Exchequer, to give full Allowance of the Payments therein mentioned to be made. Hence the Ledger alone, thus subscribed, becomes the foie Voucher lor every Payment therein contained; and the only, or at leal't the principal Bu-fiuefs of the Auditor, is to prepare and reduce the Account into the official Form; which he does in the following Manner:

The ScCtions and Abstracts are generally proceeded upon as loon as they arc received in the Office. Tire Auditor compares the Entry of each Article in the Section with the Entry iy the Abstract; and where the

Bill

tighth Report on Public Account!.

48 2 30 Januani. . 1783.

Bill involves a. Calculation, or confilts of many Articles, he examines the Computation, and calls up the Articles. Where the same Person has received Sums at different Times, for the same Service, these Sums are entered in the Ledger at the Times they were severally paid; but the Auditor alters the Disposition of them; he collects them all together, and is thereby enabled to check the Ledger Entries, and to detest Overpayments: Being

?offetfed of the Warrants and Receipts for the Extra ’ayments, he examines those Entries with the Vouchers themselves, and casts up the Totals under each Head in the AbstraQs.

After he has received all the Materials from the Pay Office, the Official Account is compiled, and redueed to the following Form: — The First Division is the Charge; which comprehends the Arrears due from the Treasurer on the Foot of his last Account, the Money imprested to him from the Exchequer, and his Voluntary Charge. The Imprelt Part is an English Translation of the Imprest Roll (which is in Latin) but retaining the Latin Names of the Terms in which the Sums were issued. The First Part of the Voluntary Charge consists of Imprefts in former Treasurerships, cleared in the Time of this Account. The Auditor ranges the Articles under this Head in the Account in a Manner different from that in the Ledger. In the latter, they are entered in the Order of Time in which the Imprefts are brought to the Office to be cleared; but the Auditor transposes them into the Order of Time in which the original Bills issued. By this Arrangement he can refer more easily o the Insuper Lift in the Final Account of that Treasurer who issued them, in order to mark them, off as cleared. The other Parts of the Voluntary Charge are copied from the Abstract, and consist of the Total Sums only, paid under the several Heads. This comprehends the whole Charge, unlefe Errors in the Account afford Matter of Surcharge.

The other Division of the Account is the Discharge. Of this the greatest Part is taken from the Abstrafit abstracted. The Heads are copied into the Account, with the Total Sum paid for each Head, not the particular Articles composing that Total, except in the following Instances. In the Navy Discharge — Bounties, D'dburfements, Extra Payments, Pensions, Salaries, Sick and Hurt Payments, Ships Books, Rent, and Rewards. In the Victualling Discharge — Extra Payments, Salaries, Rent, and Workmanship. Of these Heads it has been the Usage of Office to enter upon the Account each particular Article; and for this Reason; it enables the Auditor to refer with greater Facility to former Accounts, and guard against a second Credit of the same Payment. He does not range the Articles under each Head exactly in the Order they stand in the Abstract; he disposes them as belt suits his own Ideas and Convenience. The Fees for passing the Account, and the Balance due from the Treasurer, conclude the Account of the Year; unless it be his Final Account, and then the Voluntary Charge contains several other Articles of a similar Kind, copied into the Account in like Manner with the rest -, and there is also added at the End, a List of the Insupers, that is, of those Persons to whom Sums have been issued upon Account, but which have not been cleared during the Time of the Treasurership, with the Sums and Dates of the Imprest Bills. The Treasurer has no Credit in his Annual Account for the Sums imprested and not cleared by him in each Year; they are reserved for, and entered in, his Final Account, where he has Credit for them all, and the Responsibility is transferred to the Persons themselves who have received the Sums, and they are returned accountable. This Lift, in a long Treasurer-lliip, swells to a great Size; it is transmitted from the Pay-Office of the Navy, signed by Three Commissioners, and admitted upon the Authority of that Signatures

The Names on the transmitted Lift are entered in the Order of Time in which the Imprest Bills were paid; but they are transposed upon the Account into an alphabetical Order, for Two Reasons; that all the Sums imprested to the same Person may be brought together; and that each Article may be the more easily found hereafter, to be marked in the Margin, when it is cleared in a subsequent Account: But in the Final Accounts that are now making up in the Treasurer s Office, the Mode of ranging the Names of the Insupers alphabetically is adopted. The last Step, is, comparing the Balance ltated by the Auditor with the Baluuce of the Treasurer; and if it agrees, the Account is completed. A short State of this Account is drawn up in the Auditor’s Office; this State the Accountant swears to, or, if a Peer, attests, before the Barons of the Exchequer, or Commissioners appointed by them. The Total Charge upon Mr. Grenville in this Account, for the Year 1759, is Six millions Six hundred Seventy-four 6,674,11ft. thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds; the Total Discharge, Four millions Five hundred Fifty-live thousand £.4.sis»*°s-One hundred and Five Pounds.

Of every Account Two Parts are made out in the Auditor’s Office; the one on Paper, called The Declared Account, or Declaration; the other on Parchment, called, emphatically, The Account; both of them are signed by the Deputy Auditors, prefeuted to the Lords of the Treasury for Declaration, signed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, by Two other Lords of the Treasury, and by the Chief Baron of the Exchequer. The Declaration is preserved in the Auditor’s Office; and the Account is carried to the Offices of the King’s Remembrancer and of the Lord '1 rea-surer’s Remembrancer, and then to the Pipe; where it remains, and from whence the Treasurer receives his Quietus.

Such is the Progress of an Account of a Treasurer of the Navy through the Office of the Auditors of tire Imprest.

As none of the Vouchers, except those for the Extra Payments, are produced to the Auditor, but he relies for the Existence, as well as for the Truth of them, upon the Subscription of the Three Commissioners of the Navy, we thought it necessary to enquire what is the Examination given in the Navy Office to these Accounts, that warrants the Commissioners in stamping lb great a Credit upon these Entries. To this Purpose we examined the Officers who a e employed in those Branches of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Offices, through which these Accounts pass.

In the Navy Office, we examined Mr. Stan- n° 9.

dert, Chief Clerk to the Controller of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy in the Bill Office, and Mr. William Paynter, his Chief Clerk in the Ticket N° 10. Office; Mr. Benjamin lloll, Chief Clerk to the Con- x° 11. trailer of the Navy in the Branch for the Payment of Seamen’s Wages, and Mr. Thomas Davies, his Chief N° 12. Clerk in the Office for Bills and Accounts; Mr. Ro- 13. bert Gregson, Chief Clerk to the Clerk of the Acts;

and Mr. Joseph Poole, Chief Clerk to the Controller i+ of the Victualling Accounts. In the Vifctualling Office, we examined Mr. Denham Briggs, the Accountant 15. for Calli, Mr. William Sayer, Chief Clerk for clearing N )6 Imprefts; and Mr. John Smith, Chief Clerk for keeping j, the Charge on the Treasurer of the Navy: And in the Sick and Hurt Office, Mr. Nathan Cron', Chief Clerk ,8. to the Commissioners, together with George ^0 iy

Esquire, Cashier of the Victualling in the Office of the Treasurer. — From them we are supplied with the following Information:

The Year’s Account of a Treasurer of the Navy is made out in the Three Branches of his Office, each Branch attending to that Part of the Account which

relates

23 Geo. III. 230 januarih 40

relates to its own Business, and transmitting it to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. The Vouchers both for the Charge and Discharge, and the Entries of those Vouchers in the Sections, all receive an Examination, Check, and Correction, in some Branch or other of Navy, Victualling, or Sick and Hurt Offices, previous to their being signed by the Commissioners of the Navy, and to the Trahfmission of the Sections to the Office of the Auditor.

The Charge is checked in the following Manner: — As to the Imprest Part, the Exchequer every Month, and the Treasury immediately after his Receipt, transmit to the Navy Board Certificates of all the Sums imprested to him: Twice in every Month he certifies to them all his Receipts and Payments in general; the Contents of these Certificates are entered in the Navy Office; with these Entries his Imprest Charge is compared, as well as verified by the Imprest Roll obtained by him from the Exchequer.

As to the other Part, which is the Voluntary Charge, much the greatest Part of it is directed into his Hands by Letters from either the Navy or Victualling Boards; of which Letters Entries are made in the respective Offices; and as he receives the Sums mentioned in those Letters, he inserts them in his next Certificate; besides which, the Sums received by him from Imprefts cleared, and from Abatements on Bills or Books, appear upon the Face of the Bills and Books themselves, and every Bill is registered in its proper Office. The Voluntary Charge consists of Three Parts, and is made out, one Part in each Branch of the Treasurer’s Office. That made out in the Pay Branch, consisting of Abatements on Ship and Yard Books, and Half Pay Lifts, is checked and examined in the Office of the Controller of the Navp, by a Ledger kept there for the special Purpose of entering every one of the Articles contained in that Charge, and which Entries are taken from the Books themselves, the Sums there inserted having been calculated, examined, and compared in Three different Offices. That made out in the Cashier’s Branch, consisting of Imprefts cleared in former Treasurerships, Abatements from Bills, Money produced by the Sale of old Stores, and received from the Successor, is examined and checked by Entries made of every Article that compotes it in the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts.' That Part made out in the Victualling Branch, consisting of Imprefts cleared, Abatements from Bills, Sums arising from the Sale of old Stores, Fees of Oxen, and decayed Provisions, is examined with the Entries in the Ledger, kept in that Branch of the Victualling Office, for keeping the Charge upon the Treasurer; in which Ledger every Article of this Charge is entered, either from the Letters directing the Payment, or from the Bills themselves: A Copy of this Charge is signed by Three Commissioners of the Victualling, which is the Warrant for the Signature of the Three Commissioners of the Navy, upon that Copy which is sent to the Auditors Office.

The Discharge is checked in this Manner: — Every Bill paid by the Treasurer is made out in some Branch or other of the Navy, Victualling, or Sick and Hurt Offices, or in the Yards or Out Ports: If made out in one of the Offices, it undergoes one, or, if necessary, more Examinations in that Office: If made out at the Yards, it is sent to, and examined by, Two Clerks in the Office of the Controller of the Navy: If made out at the Out Ports, it is sent to, and examined in, the Office of the Accountant for Calli in the Victualling Office. All Bills, wherever made out, are entered in Registers; the Navy Bills in the Controller’s Office; the Victualling Bills in the Office of the Controller of the Victualling; and the Sick and Hurt Bills in the Sick and Hurt Office; and when assigned for Payment, Vql.39.

they are entered again in Assignifcg Books, kept for Eighth those Purposes in the several Offices. The Treasurer’s RtPort' Sections, with the original Bills themselves, are sent to these several Offices, to be compared and examined with the Entries made in their Books: The Navy Sections are examined with the Entries in the Assigning Book in the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, and afterwards compared with the original Bills' themselves; the Victualling Sections are examined with the Entries in the Assigning Book in the Office of the Controller of the Victualling; the Sick and Hurt Sections, with the Entries in the Assigning Book in the Sick and Hurt Office, and they are afterwards compared with the original Bills in the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts.

For every Ship Five Books are made out, Copies of each other, lodged in Three different Departments of the Navy Office, One in that Branch of the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, called the Ticket Office; Two in the Office of the Controller of the Navy, one of them for the Commissioner who controls the Payments, the other for the Controller’s Clerk who attends him; and Two in the Office of the Treasurer;

This Book contains the Names, the Times of Service, and the Defalcations, of every Person belonging to that Ship, together with the full and nett Wages of all Persons who are paid upon that Book; all these several Sums are calculated, examined, and checked, both in the Ticket Office and in the Office of the Controller of the Navy; and the full Sum to be allowed the Treasurer, for the Pay of that Ship, is entered at the End of the Ship’s Book, and is the same Sum in the Treasurer’s Ledger, which he claims to be allowed him for the Payment of that Ship.

When a Ship is paid, a Commissioner of the Navy,

Two Clerks from the Treasurer’s Office, and One from each of the Controller’s Offices, attend, each with his Book; by which means they are a Check upon each other: Three of these Books are made up at the same Time, and compared together; and remain afterwards, one in the Office of the Treasurer, another in that of the Controller, and the Third in that of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts. The Treasurer’s Sections, containing the Sums paid upon the Ship’s Books, are taken from the full Books, after they are made up and signed by Three Commissioners of the Navy, and are compared, in the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, with the Sums entered upon the Books in that Office. The Sums for the Hospital, Half Pay, and Sick Quarters, are likewise taken from, and compared with, the full Books kept for those Services. Upon a Final Account, the Insuper Lift is taken from the Imprest Ledgers, one kept in the Office of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, another in the Office of the Controller of the Victualling Accounts; and in some one of which every Imprest Bill is entered:

This Lift is compared with the Entries in these Imprest Ledgers.

In consequence of this Examination of the Entries in the Treasurer’s Ledger, with the Vouchers for, and Entries of the same Articles in the Books of the different Branches of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Offices, the Commissioners of the Navy are authorised to give to the Entries in that Ledger a Credit equal to the Credit of original Vouchers, and to give to the Treasurer a Dispensation with the Production of those Originals in the Office where he is finally to pass his Accounts.

The Information we have thus collected, enables us to form some Judgment of the Causes of the Delay in passing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, as well as supplies us with Matter for Regulation, worthy, in our Opinion, to be submitted to the Attention of the Legislature.

O The

Eighth Report on Public Accounts*

tf* ao.

2 3° Jamurii.

The Cause of Delay thift occurs 'the first in this Inquiry, is the not executing the compuliory Process intended to bring in Personis to account. This is a Source of Delay 'that extends to every Account subject to be passed in the Auditors Office.

A Distress is an ancient'and legal Method of forcing a 'Person to do certain Acts, which the Law 'requires of him; and it is an effectual Method; ‘for he refuses at the Peril of forfeiting to the Crown a Part of his Property, and if he continues refractory, of having that Porferture increased till he obeys: But the ‘Distringas 'ad‘Oomptt-tandum is a Process Utterly nugatory; k'issues oiit crf mere Form; and, though levelled at PeiTdns -who have Millions to account for, it is never executed. The long Usage of Office warrants the Sheriff'to give it under his Hand, and to confirm it 'by his Oath in the Court of Exchequer, that the Treasurer of the'Navy is not to be found either in the City of London or‘in the County of Middlesex, and that the Paymaster General of the Forces has neither Lands nor Chattels ineither ofthdfe Districts by which he can be distrained.

So far as the present System df puffing the Public Accounts shall be retained, this Process ought to be made effectual: It cannot be so in its present State. The Writ must be disincumbered of that Load of old and useless Schedules, at present always annexed to it. Authority should be given to inspect and Scrutinize the Lists of Persons, who stand at this Time accountable to the Crown for Money imprested or issued to them on Account, and to distinguish those who are of Ability and amenable, from the Insolvent and those Whole Accounts aTe remote and desperate, and who can neither themselves nor their Representatives ever be prosecuted with any Hopes of Success. The Names and Schedules of the latter should all be taken from the Writ; the former only should be annexed; and upon all named in the Schedules anuexed, the Writ should be executed, and they should be compelled to appear upon the Return, and give the Reasons for the 'Delay before the proper Judges, the Barons of the Exchequer.

The Certificates of the Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest require the like Correction. Public Instruments should not be incumbered with useless Matter: Nothing should be inserted in them but what tends to answer the Purpose designed by them; but these Certificates are filled with stale Accounts that have been depending, many of them, for a Century, the Accountants forgotten, the Line of their Representation not to be traced, no Vouchers to be found, no Vestiges of them whatever remaining, save w hat are preserved, to no Purpose, in these Instruments; they puzzle and confound the Officers they are intended to inform; they engage the Time of Clerks that might be ufei'ully employed, and for which the Public

pay-

The Power of dischaVging Accounts of long standing has been exercised by the Legislature for the Quiet of the Subject. In'the Land Tax Act of the Year 1759, all Insupers set in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the Land Tax before the Year 1746 are absolutely discharged.

Other Delays arise in the Office of the Treasurer <of the Navy, and flow in a great Measur from the present Constitution of that Office. As the Auditor of the Imprest cannot pass the Account until he has received all the Materials of which it is composed, we required from him a State of the Order of Time in which the several Parts of Mr. Account for the Year 1759 were delivered into his Office. By this State it appears, that the First Sections of this Year came to the Auditor in May 1763; that the Voluntary Charge, and feme other Papers, which were the Parts of the Account that came the last, were not received until December 1781; that is, Eighteen Years

after the Sections, and near Twenty- two Years lifter the Expiration of the Year 'to which the Account belongs. We required, likewise, from the Auditors a State of die Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy, now N® ai, m. depending in each of their 'Offices, with 'the Times when the several Parts of the Accounts were delivered in to each. These States shew, that the Accounts for the Two next Succeeding Yeans, 1*760 atad 1761, wre ready for Declaration; that the Accounts of none of the subsequent Years are complete in the Office, little more than the Navy and Victualling Sections of these Years having been as yet received from the Treasurer’s Office.

One of the principal Causes assigned for this Delay, and the otfly one that seems to have a Foundation, is fiated in our Third Report: dtis the Necessity of keeping (pen the Ships Books for many Years, evea after the Treasurer, in whole Time (bey were ifirft opened, is out of Office, for the Purpose of completing ithe Payments upon each Book, that such Treasurer may have his proper Voucher for the Payment of each Ship, and to prevent the Difficulty that would arise in distinguishing the Payments by each, if the same Book was paid qpon by more Treasurers than one.

Keeping open the Ships Books so long, besides the Delay it occasions in the Accounts, is pregnant with so many Inconveniences both to the Officer and the Office, that the Correction of this Defect is an Object worth attempting.

The Difficulty lies in the Payment upon Recalls; that is, of those Persons who remain upon a Book unpaid after the Day of Payment. A Ship is said emphatically to be paid; upon that Day in which that Ship’s Book is first opened for Payment, except where One Person only upon a Ship’s Book is paid upon a certain Day, in order to put that Ship out of Commission; and, in that Cafe, Payments within the Month after, are considered not as Recalls, but as Payments on the Pay Day. All Payments made subsequent to that Day, and before the Book is made up, are Payments upon Recalls, and are now made by or upon the Book itself, and by the Trea-forer in whole Treasurership the Book was first opened for Payment, whether he is in or out of Office. If a Method can be deviled of paying those After-Claimants by the Treasurer in Office, and otherwise than by the Ship’s Book, without delaying or disturbing the Pay of the Seamen, or confounding the Accounts of the Treasurers, the Ship’s Books may then be closed at any Time, and this Difficulty will be removed.

In order to discover such a Method, it was absolutely necessary to examine minutely into the Manner in which this Branch of the Business is now conducted in the Pay Office of the Navy; and with this Knowledge we are furnished by Mr. Adam Jellicoe, Chief Clerk in the Pay N® 23. Branch in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; Mr.

John Hunter, who has long been employed in the Office N° 24. of the Controller of the Treasurer’s Accounts at Portsmouth, where by far the greatest Number of the Ships and Recalls are paid; Mr. Edward Falkingham, a Clerk in that Branch of the Office of the Controller of the Navy k* 25. that relates to the Payment of Seamens Wages; and by Mr. William Paynter, the Chief Clerk in the Ticket n» 3s. Office.

A Ship’s. Book, with its Four Copies, is made ont in the Ship; it contains the Names, and certain necessary Circumstances, of all the Persons entitled to Wages in that Ship: The Two opposite Pages are divided into a Variety of Columns, with a Title at the Top of each Column; Eighteen of these Columns are for Defalcations, that is. Deductions or Abatements that are to be made out of their Wages at the Time of Payment: Four of these are constant, certain Deductions; they are intituled, The Chest, The Hospital, The Three Pence in the Pound, and, The Marine

Stoppages.

4$ Geo. III. a 3* Jamarit. 51

Stoppages. The other Frarteen are Gafuat. The Wages of an able Seatnab are Twenty-four Shillings a Month: This is Part of the Four Pounds Man per Month, voted annually by Parliament for the Maintenance of the Seamen: From this Sum of Twenty-four Shillings, and from the Monthly Wages of every Warrant and Petty Officer, there are Two conftaitt Deductions; One Shilling for the Chest,1 and Six Pence for die Hospital. The One Shilling is divided into Three Parts, for Three different Purposes; Six Peace of it is paid to the Chest at Chatham, for the Support of Hurt and Diiabled

- Seamen; Four Pence is paid to the Chaplain; and Two Pence to the Surgeon. The Six Pence is applied to the Support of Greenwich Hospital; and the Monthly Pay of the Commissioned Officers is also subjefik to the feme Deduction. The Three Pence in the Pound is a Deduction from the Pay of all Commissioned and Warrant Officers, for the Purpose of paying the Widows Pensions. The Marine Stoppages are, One Penny a Week from the Wages of the Private Men, Three Half Pence of the Corporal and Drummer, and Two Pence of the Serjeant, applicable to the same Bounty. The casual Deductions are either for Articles supplied to them, which they are to pay for out of their Wages; or for Wages that have been advanced to them, or remitted by their Order j or certain Mulcts incurred by them.

The Ship’s Book, being formed with these Divisions, is sent, with the Four Copies, from the Ship to the Pay Office of the Navy at that Port where the Ship is to be paid, with all the Columns filled up except the Eight following; The Chest, The Hospital, The Three Pence in the Pound, The Marine Stoppages, The Full and Nett Wages, The Sums remitted at the Pay of the Ship, and, Neglefik. The First Six, depending upon the Time of the Service of each Person, cannot he filled up until that Time is frilly ascertained by Examination, on the Day of Payment; neither can the next, as being a Transaction upon that Day. The Column of Neglect, which contains the Mulcts and Fines, is filled up some Time before the Payment.

The Officers and Seamen, entitled to Wages upon any Ship’s Book, may be paid, either before the Pay Day of that Ship, or upon that Day, or between the Pay Day and the making up of the Book, or after the Book is made up: Each of these Times of Payment is attended with some Difference in the Mode. The Payments on the Pay Day are made, and Payments upon Recalls, that is, between the Pay Day and the making up of the Books, are either made or let off upon the Ship’s Book itself; all the Circumstances of each Payment being the re entered, that Book becomes the Evidence of such Payments: But Payments made, either previous to the Pay Day, or subsequent to the making up of the Books, are not made upon the Books, but upon Lifts, or by Tickets, which Lifts or Tickets contain all the Circumstances, and are the Evidence of such Payments.

A Payment upon the Pay Day, which is generally the principal Payment, is in this Manner -. — The full Wages of each Person applying are calculated, and entered in the Full Column; the open Columns of Defalcations are filled up: The Total of his Defalcations, both certain and casual, being cast up, and deducted from his full Wages, leaves the nett Wages; which are paid to him, and entered in the proper Column. No Date is set in the Book against the Names of the Persons who are paid upon this Day; but the Indorsement of the Day upon the Book, l’erves for the Date of all those Payments: After that Day, the

Book, at whatever Port it may be, remains in the Pay Office there, until k is finally closed, for the Purpose of paying upon Recalls; which is done in the following Manner:

Vol. 39.

A Lift of the Claimants entitled to Wages from Ships that have been paid, is sent from the Ship where they are on board, to the Pay Office at the Port; this Lift is examined with the Ship’s Books that are in the Office; and the Persons upon the Lift who can be paid, are distinguished from those who cannot. The current Number in the Ship’s Book is entered upon the Lift, opposite the Name of the Person, that he may be the more easily found upon the Book when he conies to be paid. The Lift, thus corrected, is returned to the Captain; who fends oh Shore, under the Care of a Commissioned Officer, those Men who appear upon the Lift entitled to receive their Wage9: They are paid each upon the Book of that Ship to which he belonged, and the Date of the Day he is paid upon is set opposite to his Name.

Where the Lift contains the Names of Men belonging to Ships whole Books are not at that Port, the Pay Clerks apply to the Pay Officers of those Ports where the Books are, for Extracts; that is, for Copies of the Entries relative to those Men, in the Books from which they severally claim their Wages: Upon the Receipt of these Extracts, the Lift is corrected by them, in such a Manner as to inform the Captain which of those Men he may send to be paid; and, that these Payments may be set off upon the proper Ship’s Books, the Account of the Extracts, that is, of the Men thus paid, is sent every Quarter to the several Ports.

In Payments by Lifts, either previous to the Pay Day of the Ship, or after the Ship’s Book is made up, or by Tickets, the Name, Time of Service, Defalcations, and other Circumstances of each Person, are transcribed from the Book of that Ship from which he claims his Wages, into the Lift or Ticket. EacH Entry is an exact Copy of the Entry relative to the same Person in the . Ship’s Book; and it imift be so; for otherwise the remaining Defalcations, and the full and nett Wages, could not be calculated. After this is done, where the Payment is by Lift, previous to the Payment of the Ship, or by Ticket, the Wages are calculated; the open Columns are filled up; and if by Lift, the nett Wages are paid; or if by Ticket, that Ticket is assigned upon the Treasurer for Payment of the nett Sum therein mentioned; and in both these Modes, to prevent double Payments, the Ship’s Book is marked, opposite the Name of each Person, in what Manner paid, and by what Treasurer. *

A Payment, subsequent to the making up of the Ship’s Book, is made upon a List of Arrears, that is, a Book that contains the Name of each Ship, and the Names and Circumstances, extra filed from foe several Ships Books, of all Persons paid after the Books on which they claim Wages have been made up and finally doled. All Ships Books are at present made up and remain afterwards at the Navy Office in London. A Claimant upon such Books must first apply for his Wages to the Navy Board: They refer to the Ship’s Book lodged in the Ticket Office; and if he appears to be entitled, they order him to be entered and paid upon the Lift of Arrears, and his Name is marked upon the Ship’s Book as paid in that Manner, and by what Treasurer.

These different Modes of Payment vary the Vouchers of the Treasurer. The previous Lift or Ticket is a Voucher for the Total of the nett Sums contained in the Lift, or for the single nett Sum in the Ticket, for that Treasurer who pays it, whether he continues in Office long enough, or not, to pay the Book from whence the Lift or Ticket is extrafiled.

When a Book is finally made up, the Defalcations opposite the Names of those Persons, who have been paid, either by previous Lifts -or Tickets, and of those who remain unpaid, are entered in the proper Columns. The Defalcations of each are cast up, and the Total

entered

Eightft Report on Public Account*.

23* Januarii. A. 1783.

Eighth Report on Public Accounts.

entered in the Column of Full Wages. Every Column is call up to a Total, and the Treasurer, whose Book it is, is allowed, and that Book so filled up is his Voucher for the Total Sum in the Column of Full Wages; but as he has paid the Seamen, not their full but their nett Wages only, he discharges himself of the Difference, that is, of the Defalcations, by the Receipts of the Purler, or other Persons entitled, to whom he has paid them; and if he has not paid all the Defalcations, he charges himself with what remains unpaid in his Voluntary Charge of the Year, in which he has Credit for that Ship’s Book, and this Remainder is afterwards paid by the Treasurer in Office by a Defalcation Lift.

The keeping open the Ships Books so long as they are at present, prevents the After-claimants from being very numerous, and consequently the Lift of Arrears from being very long; inso much that it serves as a lingle Voucher only, for the Amount of the nett Sum of the Payments made upon this Lift by a Treasurer during his whole Treasurership, and that nett Total Sum is entered as One Payment in his Final Account.

From this Description of the Modes of paying Ships now in Use in the Navy Office, it appears, that there does at this Time exist a Method, by which a subsequent Treasurer pays Claimants upon Ships Books paid by and belonging to his Predecessor, after they are finally closed and made up; and this Method is by a List of Arrears. Suppose, then, all the Ships Books paid upon by a Treasurer were, upon his Resignation or Death, to be immediately laid by, and all Payments upon them to cease: Could the succeeding Treasurer, by the same Means, pay all the remaining Claimants upon those Books, without any material Inconvenience, either to the Seamen or to the Pay Office?

This depends upon the Difference which the Substitution of the Lift of Arrears in the Place of the Ships Books will occasion in the Payments. The previous Application by the Claimant to the Navy Board must be dispensed with. The Ships Books, instead of being sent to the Navy Office after they are closed, must remain at the Out Ports as they do now. Lists of Arrears, distinguished from those used after the Ships Books are made up, must be kept there as well as in London. Thus far there seems to be no Difficulty. At present, if a single Claimant appears upon a Recall, his Ship’s Book is examined, his Name found, his Wages are calculated, the open Columns of Defalcations and the Columns of Wages filled up, upon the Ship’s Book. If he is paid upon the Lift of Arrears, his Ship’s Book is equally examined, the same Calculations and the same Entries are made; but in the one same the Entries are made in the Ship’s Book, and in the other, upon the Lift of Arrears; and besides this, the original Entries appearing upon the Ship’s Book are copied from thence into the Lift of Arrears: And this is the only Difference between the Two Methods of Payment As this copying takes up Time, the Payment upon a List of Arrears is longer than the Payment upon a Ship’s Book, by the Length of Time it takes to transcribe these Entries.

Upon Inspection of a Ship’s Book made up, and of a List of Arrears, the Entries transcribed appear to be. The Name of the Claimant, The current Number, The Quality, The Times of Entry and of Discharge, with from Three to Five casual Defalcations; for though there are Fourteen Columns for casual Defalcations, yet there are seldom Entries made in more than Five of them; and these are usually for Cloaths of different Kinds, Tobacco, and the Two Months Advance. The Name of the Ship like wife, to which the Claimant belonged, is entered upon the lift; and, to prevent Overpayments, the Ship’s Book is marked, 3

opposite the Name, as paid by Lift of Arrears. From these Entries arises all the additional Trouble to the Pay Clerks, and Delay to the Seamen, by the Substitution of the Lift of Arrears in the Place of the Ship’s Books.

As there are now, at every Payment upon Recalls, besides the Commissioner, his Clerk, and a Second Clerk in the Treasurer’s Office, Three Pay Clerks, with each a Ship’s Book in which the same Entries are made; so at a Payment upon a List of Arrears there must be the like Number of Clerks and Lifts, and the same Entries made in each Lift; but transcribing into the Three Lifts will take up no more Time than the transcribing into One, if an attending Clerk reads the Entries in the Ship’s Books, whilst the other Three transcribe them into their Lifts. Where the Number of Claimants is not great, the Time it takes to transcribe these Articles cannot be very considerable. Where the Payment is in consequence of a List sent from the Ship, which is the usual Course, and where Extracts are to be procured, there is always Time enough to transcribe the Entries before the Lift is returned to the Captain; and in this same the actual Payment is more easily transa&ed; for where the Claims arise upon different Ships, as all are entered upon the Lift of Arrears, the Trouble of turning to each Ship’s Book is avoided. In Payment of these Lifts Care must be taken that the Captain fends on Shore to be paid all who are returned to him capable of being paid, that the Payment upon the Lift of Arrears may be complete. A sick Man may be paid afterwards, or if a Man is prevented from coming at all, his Name may be struck out of the Dft.

There is One Instance, and the only one that occurs to us, in which the Time taken up in transcribing may be material; that is, where, upon a Ship’s being paid off, a Number of her Men are turned over to a Ship under failing Orders, and the Captain applies for their immediate Payment: In this Cafe, at present, the Commissioner goes on board with his Pay Clerks, and pays the Men that are turned over upon the Ship’s Book; was he to pay them upon a Lilt of Arrears, it might possibly take up near double the Time, and the Service would be so far retarded. This same can happen only in Time of War; and where the Service presses, and the Captain has not Time to fend on Shore a List of the Seamen who are to be paid; and where the V acancy of the Treasurership happens between the Pay Day of the Ship’s Book and the Time when the Men turned over call for their Wages.

As so many Circumstances must concur, and consequently the same can rarely exist, we do not think the Inconvenience that may arise in this One accidental Event, counterbalances the many public Advantages that certainly attend it in every other Event; and consequently, that the proposed Regulation ought not therefore to be reje6ted.

But the Time employed in paying the Seamen upon, the Ship’s Books, as well as upon lifts of Arrears, may, in our Opinion, be shortened, and the Pay Clerks be relieved from some Part of their Trouble. The Sums applicable to the Chest, and the Hospital, the Three Pence in the Pound, and the Marine Stoppages, are Deductions, after a certain Rate, out of the Wages of the Officers, Seamen, and Marines: We applied to the Commissioners of the Navy, to know by what Authority these Dedu6tions are made: From their Returns to our Requisition we collect the following Information:

The Copy of an Inquisition taken at Rochester in the Fifteenth Year of James the First, before Commissioners of Charitable Uses appointed to enquire into the State of the Fund belonging to the Chest at Chatham, recites the Origin of the Payment of the

23 Geo. III. 23 . Janu^rii. 53

Six Pence (Part of the Deductiort' of OnC Shilling) to the Chest at Chatham: Art' Extract of so much of it as relates to the Subject Matter before us, we have inserted N* 37. in the Appendix j and from thence it appears, that this Ded lift ion commenced in the Year 1590, and was a voluntary Gift and Contribution of a certain Portion of their respective Wages, by the Masters, Mariners, Shipwrights, and Seafaring Men, then employed in the Service, to be a perpetual Relief for hurt and maimed Mariners, Carpenters, and Seamen.

The Four Pence to the Chaplain, and the Two Pence to the Surgeon, which are the remaining Parts of the One Shilling Deduction under the Title of The Chest, are very ancient. The Commissioners of the Navy have not’ been able to trace them to their Origin. One Shilling was the Abatement' in the Chest Column' in the Year 1685.-

The Deduction of Six Pence under the Title of The Hospital, is - ordered, by the Act of the 7th and 8th of William tile Third, Chap. 21st, to' be made from the Wages of the Seamen, and applied for1 the’ better Support of Greenwich Hospital. An Order of N* 39. the Board of Admiralty, dated 3d September 1696, directs the Navy Board to carry this Act into Execution.

His late Majesty King George the Second, in consequence of a voluntary Agreement of the Officers of the N* 30. Navy, by a Commission dated the 30th August 1732, directs, that the Three Pence in the Pound shall be from* that Time abated from the personal Pay and Half Pay of Officers therein described, for the Relief of poor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Navy, and appoints Commissioners for eondufting this Charity: This Commission was. carried into Execution by an N* 31- Order of the Board of Admiralty, dated 29th September, 1732, directed for that Purpose to the Commissioners of the Navy.

N* 3 <i. The Marine Stoppages are directed by an Order of:

the same Board, dated 2d November 17,56.

Where a Fund is to be created and established for a Public Purpose, a gross Sum is better calculated for it, than a Sura compounded of various Deductions: The one is simple, ealy, and certain; the other complex, troublesome, and uncertain. The Commissioners of the Admiralty and of the Navy, mult have full Knowledge what Sums have been issued every Year out of the Sea Pay, to the Chest at Chatham, Greenwich Hospital, and the Fund for the Relief of poor Widows, ever since their Institution. They may conjecture from the Experience of many Years, what will be the Wants and Supplies of those Charities, in every possible Situation of the Navy. The W’ages of the Officers and Seamen is the Fund for them all. No Reason, then, occurs to us, why, on settling the Navy Establishment every Year, certain Portions of that Fund should not be appropriated to the Support of these Charities, to be issued, from Time to Time, by the Treasurer of the Navy. At prc sent, he advances to all of them Sums on Account, and upon Calculation: Neither the Commissioners, nor Trustees for these Charities, can know their Income from the Sea Pay for any One Year, until Seven or Eight Years after that Year is expired. They cannot know it, until the Books of all the Ships paid in that Year are made up; and the Books are now in Arrear as far back as the Year 1775. The same Boards must likewise be acquainted with the Incomes of the Chaplain and Surgeon of every Ship, of whatever Rate in the Navy; at least they know what is a proper and adequate Compensation for their several Services. What Objection, then, arises to the allowing to each of them, instead of these Deductions, one 1‘tated, certain, annual Salary, according to his Station, payable out of the Fund of Wages?

VOL. 39.

It appears, in our Judgment, a general, useful Regulation, wherever it is practicable, to take away the Dif* tinftion between nominal and real Wages and Salaries, that the reputed Compensation for Service may be the Sum actually received, that every Man may know the Price of his Labour arid Abilities. Where the nominal exceeds the real, an ignorant Mind suspects Fraud, and a weak one is deceived by an imaginary Income.

As the Modes suggested of providing for these Charities, and of paying the Chaplains and Surgeons, appear to Us to be practicable, they ought, in our Opinion, to be substituted in the Place of the Modes in Use; one Consequence of which will be, that the Four Columns of The Chest, The Hospital, The Three Pence in the Pound, and, The Marine Stoppages, are rendered useless, and may be left out of the Ships Books.

There is another Defalcation, which, in our Opinion, ought to be omitted for the future, as not answering the End proposed; that is, the Deduction under the Title of Venereal Cures. This is a Payment to the Surgeon of Fifteen Shillings for every Cure; and is directed to be charged against their Wages by an Order of the Board of Admiralty, dated 9th of Ajrril 1756. Before that Year, the Mulct upon the Seaman was One Pound Ten Shillings for every Cure; the Order reduces it to Fifteen Shillings; and states, among other Realbns for the Reduction, " that this " great Charge on the Seamen did not prevent the " Evil." If a certain pecuniary Mulft; was not severe enough to prevent the Offence in the Year 1756, Half that Mulft can hardly be supposed more efficacious in the Year 1782. A Punishment that neither corrects the Offender, nor deters others, is in itself an Evil, from which the Subject should be relieved; and therefore, we think the Surgeon should attend to every Dif-ease of the Seamen at the Public Expence, and be allowed a certain Compensation adequate to his Skill and Trouble.

The Omission of these Five Columns in the Ships Books, will accelerate the Payments, both upon the Books and upon the Lists of Arrears, by as much Time as is now taken up in making the Calculations and Entries in those Columns. The Calculations (however easy they may be to Persons accustomed to them) and the Entries, though ffiort, yet being numerous, must, like the Transcripts into the Lifts, take up some Time. A Book of a First Rate, for Six Months, has contained the Names of Fifteen hundred Eighty-six Persons: Upon the Payment of as many of these Men as are Seamen, Sums must be calculated, and Entries made in Two Columns at least. Where Time is so valuable, every Portion of it is worth saving.

From this Examination into the Effect that the Substitution of the Lift of Arrears, in the Place of the Ships Books, will have upon the Payment of the Seamen, we are led to be of Opinion, that it) upon the Death or. Resignation of a Treasurer, all the Ships Books paid by him are immediately closed, the Successor may pay all the After-claimants left unpaid upon those Books, by Lists of Arrears, without creating either Delay or Dif-turbance in the Pay of the Seamen; especially if the Number of Entries upon the Lift of Arrears be reduced, by the Omission of the Five Columns of Defalcations above mentioned. It remains to be seen, whether this Alteration will cause any Confusion in the Accounts of the Treasurer.

A Ship’s Book, paid by him, will be made up in the' same Manner it is now. It will be paid upon by One Treasurer only, and w ill be his Voucher for the Total Sum contained in the Column of Full Wages; for which Sum he will have Credit in his Account of that Year in which the Book was paid.

The Account of his Payments by Lists of Arrears

P will

Eighth

Report on Public Account*.

33-

Eighth Report on Public Accounts*

54 230 Januarii. A. 1783.

wifi be varied. At present, the Books being kept so long open, the After-claimants are few; and One Entry serves, in his Final Account, for the whole Sum paid by him for Arrears during the Time of his Trea-ferership; and One Lift of Arrears fuflices for his Voucher; but if he pays upon Lists of Arrears, all the Persons left unpaid upon all the Books by all his Predecessors, these Payments must become so very numerous, that instead of One Item in his Final Account of the Total Sum paid by him for Arrears in the Course of his whole Treasurership, he must insert in his Account of every Year the Total Sums paid by him during that Year for Arrears, at every Port where he has a List; and the Lift made up, annually, at every Port, will be his Voucher for the Sums paid at that Port: But this Alteration will still leave his Accounts clear and undisturbed.

In one Branch, this Mode will be of Advantage to the Pay Office, by shortening their Accounts. At present the Pay Clerks at each Port transmit every Month to the Navy Office an Account, containing the Sums paid by them upon the Recalls of every Ship during that Month at their respective Ports, distinguishing the Treasurer by whom paid, in order that each Sum may be potted to the Account of the ending of each Ship’s Book in the Ledger. From these Returns the Paymaster of the Navy makes out Monthly Certificates of these Payments. The Places where Payments are made upon Recalls being Four, and the Ships Books of Three Treasurers being open for Payment, these Certificates for the Month of August last were Twelve; that of Mr. Ellis contained the Payments upon Three hundred Fifty-two Ships; that of Colonel Barrh, upon One hundred and Ten; besides that of the Treasurer in Office. Had these Payments been made upon Lists of Arrears, they would have been all made by the Treasurer in Office, and there would have been Four Returns only, each containing a Angle Article, being the Amount of all the Payments upon the Lift of Arrears at that Port during that Month, and posted in the Ledger to the Account of Payments on Lists of Arrears; so that, instead of Four hundred Sixty-two separate Articles inserted in the Returns, entered in the Certificates, and posted into the Ledger, Four Entries only would have been made in each, and consequently Twelve Entries would have served instead of Thirteen hundred Eighty-six, for these Payments in that Month only.

If the Ships Books of a Treasurer may be closed upon his Death or Resignation, that which is assigned as the principal Cause for the Delay in making up his Accounts is removed: Not that this Cause is wide enough to cover the Delay. The Ships Books are in Arrear Seven Years only, but the Accounts are in Arrear above Twenty Years; and this Delay rests with the Office of the Treasurer; for the Materials which compose the Accounts of the Year 1762, are not complete in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; the Real'on given for it is, a Want of Officers and Clerks properly qualified to make up the Accounts in Arrear; for which the Remedy is obvious.

This Examination has enabled us to form an Opinion upon another Point of Moment to the Public. The Legislature have, in the last Session of Parliament, introduced into the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces a Regulation, which, as it seems to us, may be applied as beneficially to the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy. The Custody of the Caih applicable to the Navy Services, may be transferred from the Treasurer to the Bank of England, and the Account only of the Receipts and Payments be kept in his Office. All the Sums now received by him may be received by the Bank: Sums from the Exchequer may be imprested to the Bank: Sums directed by the Letters of the different Boards to be paid to him, may be directed to be paid into the Bank: All Bills assigned upon him for Payment may be paid, and all Extra Payments may be made, by his Drafts upon the Bank. The Payment of the Seamen, the Artificers and Labourers in the Yards, and the Persons in the Hospital Ships, and on the Half Pay Lifts, must be carried on in the same Manner it is now: These Men cannot be paid by Drafts; they must have Cash; and with that Cash the Pay Clerks must be entrusted, as they are at present, and the Treasurer must continue to be responsible for them, as for Officers of his Appointment and under his Controul; but this will be no Obstruction to the Regulation. The Money may be all issued to the Pay Clerks by the Drafts of the Treasurer upon the Bank, according to the Requisitions of the Navy Board, in like Manner as many of these Sums are issued at this Day; and upon the Death or Resignation of a Treasurer, the Balances of his Cash in the Bank, and in the Hands of his Pay Clerks, may be struck immediately, and carried over to the Account of his Successor. In this Situation the Treasurer, neither receiving nor paying Public Money himself, can be neither Debtor to nor Creditor of the Public, except as far as he may be responsible for his Clerks. On passing his Accounts, the Bill indorsed, or Requisition of the Navy Board, is both his Authority and Voucher for his Draft. The Draft indorsed is the Voucher for the Bank to prove their Payment. If these Accounts agree (and they ought frequently to be compared together) it is highly probable that they are both right.

The only remaining Source of Delay, in the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, that has come under our Observation, is the Necessity, arising from the present Course of the Exchequer, that these Accounts should pass through the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. Public Accounts ought certainly to be fully and accurately examined somewhere. The Officer entrusted with Public Money should give an Account what he has done with it; and the Public have a Right to the Satisfaction of knowing, that their Money has been applied to the Purposes for which they gave it.

The Treasurer of the Navy is an Officer merely ministerial: He neither receives nor pays in consequence of any Judgment of his own; but as he is directed, or according to Lifts prepared for him, and Rules preferred him: and therefore to pais his Accounts, is no more than to see that he has an Authority, and a correct Voucher, for every Payment he claims to be allowed.

We learn from the Information of George Marsh, n° 34. Esquire, One of the Commissioners of the Navy; and from Jonas Hamoay, Esquire, One of the Com- N. 3S> missioners of the Victualling; and from Mr. Nathan ,8. Crow, Chief Clerk to the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt, that the Commissioners of each Office are entrusted with the Power of making all Contracts, whether for the Purchase of Stores or Materials, or for the Performance of Services in their several Departments; that certain Officers are appointed or officially bound to (uperintend the Execution of the Contracts; and no Payment is directed to be made but upon the Certificate or Testimony, in feme Shape or other, of these Officers that the Contracts have been executed to the Amount of the Demand with Honesty and Fidelity, and according to the Terms and Conditions of the Engagement. Certain Officers of these Boards, in their respective Departments, compare the Bills with the Terms of the Contracts, and examine the Computations and Caftings.

The Commissioners, relying upon their Accuracy and Fidelity, assign the Bill so examined upon the Treasurer for Payment. The Treasurer, before he transmits

23 Geo. III. 2 30 Januarii.

55

his Account or Ledger to the Auditors of the Imprell, fends the several Parts of it to different Branches of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Offices, with the Vouchers: The Officers whose Business it is, in these Departments, compare the Articles in the Ledger with their correspondent Vouchers, and with the Entries in their Books of Office; this Examination warrants the Subscription of the Commissioners of the Navy to the Ledger Entries. The Auditor compares the Abstract with the particular Items that compose it: He recalls and recomputes the compound Articles, and makes some Alteration in the Arrangement of others.

From this State of the Progress of thele Accounts* it seems to us that the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy are in Fa6t not audited by the Auditor of the Imprell, but by the Commissioners of the Navy.

To the Commissioners of the several Boards is committed the important Trull of making and deciding upon the Execution of all Contracts. They are the lole Judges of the Reasonableness of the Terms, and of the Fidelity with which they are fulfilled: They direct the Payments or Sums to be advanced on Account, consequent to the complete or part Performance of the Contracts. Hence they are the ultimate Judges of the Ground and Consideration of every Payment. These Powers must be entrusted somewhere without Appeal; and where, to all Appearance, lb properly as with the presiding Officers of the several Boards, subject to the superintending Eye of Parliament?

Of this material Branch of an Audit, the Auditor of the Imprell has no Cognizance: From the Nature and Conliitution of his Office, he is not competent to examine into the Grounds of these Payments; or, if he could examine, can he be qualified to decide upon the Propriety of them? Neither does he fee any Vouchers ("except for the few Extra Payments:) He relies upon the Testimony of the Commissioners of the Navy (a Teliimony he is bound not to call in Question) that they exilt, and warrant the Entries: He does no more, in Fad, than what has been previously, and to all Appearance sufficiently, done to his Hands in the Navy Office, except the disposing of certain Articles in different Order; which, as far as it is useful, may easily be adopted in the Office of the Treasurer; where they are now profiting by his Example in the Arrangement of the Insupers. Errors may certainly escape the Navy and other Officers. The Auditor discovered an Error, in the Account of the Year 1759, of a double Charge of Eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings: And, extend the Chain of Re-examination to any given Length, the Possibility of Error mull exist in the last Link. The Auditor himself is not perfect: Errors in his Accounts have been discovered in the Pipe Office, and corrected by him.

Since, then, the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy are, in Effect, paired, and with sufficient Care and Accuracy, in the Offices to which they severally relate, and the most important Parts of the Examination are intrusted to those Officers without Control, it seems reasonable to suppose the Computations and Caftings, generally the Business of Clerks in Office, may with equal Safety, be finally committed to the same Decision.

We are therefore of Opinion, that auditing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell, is unnecessary, and may be dispensed with; that the Proceedings of that Office upon the Accounts of the Treasurers now before them should cease, and the Materials relative thereto be returned to the Office of the Treasurer, and that the Auditor should be relieved and discharged from all Attention to them for the future.

Vol. 39.

Passing Public Accounts without the Intervention of the Auditors of the Imprell, is no Novelty in the Exchequer. Thomas Rumsey, Esquire, Deputy Auditor n° of the Excise, informed us of the Manner in which the Accounts of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise are passed. These Commissioners are all jointly accountable for the Sums received and paid by them on account of the Excise, and other Duties committed to their Trull: They do not pass their Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell, but in that of the Auditor of the Excise; an Office inllituted for that special Purpose.

The Accounts they pass every Year, are, Sixteen Caflt Accounts, and Seventeen General Accounts. All except the Malt are made up to the 5th of July. Each Calli Account contains the Account of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of the Commissioners themselves only, relative to one or more Duties. It is made out by the Accountant General in whole Department those Duties are. After Examination, it is iworn to by all the Commissioners, before the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, about the May following; after which, it is delivered to the Auditor of Excise, with all the Vouchers: He examines them, and reduces the Account into the Official Form of the Exchequer: He makes out Two Parts; one on Parchment, the other on Paper, as is done in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell.

Besides these Calli Accounts, the General Accounts are likewise made up every Year by the Accountants General, to the same Period. These General Accounts are more comprehensive than the Calli Accounts. They contain all the Receipts and Payments of each particular Duty by every Collector throughout the Kingdom, and at the Office in London: They are signed by the respective Accountants General, and delivered to the Auditor with the Vouchers. He examines and reduces them into the like official Forms, and makes out fiiuiiar Parts of them. They are not sworn to by any one. Both the Calli and General Accounts are signed by the Deputy Auditor of Excise, declared every Year, usually in June or July, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and signed by him and Two Lords of the Treasury; after which, the Auditor delivers the Parts on Parchment to the King’s Remembrancer, and retains the Declarations in his own Office. The Total Charge upon the Commissioners of Excise, for the Year 1778, was Seven millions Four hundred Seventy-nine thou- £.7,479,613. land Six hundred and Thirteen Pounds; the Total Discharge was Five millions Six hundred Fifty-six thousand £. 5,656,8*9 Eight hundred Twenty-nine Pounds.

We find likewise, from the Examination of Mr.

James Rowlands, First Clerk in the Office of James n* 37.

West, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, that the Accounts of the Receivers General of the Land Tax, Window Tax, and of several other Duties, are not passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell, but in the Office where he is employed.

Since then, the Course of the Exchequer does not render it absolutely necessary that all Public Accounts should be passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell, we fee no Reason why the Navy Accounts may not proceed in the like Train with those of the Excise. Of these Duties the Commissioners themselves are the Accountants; and therefore a dif-dn£t Office is appointed for the passing the m; but in the Navy, the Treasurer being the Accountant, and neither appointed by, nor l'ubjeft to, the Commissioners, his Accounts may, without Danger of Collusion, be completely, as they are now in by far the moll material Part, passed by the Commissioners of the Navy, they may be reduced into the Exchequer Form in the Treasurer’s Office, adopting from the Auditor his Arrangement

13° Januarii. 'i 78 3.

Eighth Report on Public Accounts.

N° 38-N* 39.

N- 40.

ment of the Articles, and may be passed through the Numbers, as Millions; they are unintelligible to the Exchequer Offices. Persons either receiving, or having other Money Trans-

AH these Public Accounts, in whatever Office passed, actions at the Exchequer,

are drawn up in the official Form of the Exchequer; The Act of the 4th of his late Majesty, Chapter

and, after Declaration, the Part on Parchment palles 26th, " to remedy the Mifchrefs arising from Pro-through the Three several Offices of the King’s Re- " ceedings in Courts of Justice being in an unknown membrancer, the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, and " Language, and in a Character not legible to any the Pipe. We endeavoured to learnj from the Officers " but Persons practising the Law," directs that all employed in these Departments, to what Purpose these such Proceedings shall be in the English- Language, and Accounts were passed through lb many Offices. written in a common legible Hand and Character, and

Adam Martin, Esquire, the First: Clerk in the Office in Words at length, and not abbreviated. This Act of the King’s Remembrancer; and John Perrott, EF- is declared, by the Sixth of the same King*; Chapter quire, First Secondary in the Office of the Lord Trea- 6th, not to extend to the Court of the Receipt of His surer’s Remembrancer; and Mr. Pete)' Sykes, Deputy Majesty’s Exchequer; but that their Officers shall to the First Secondary in the Pipe Office, inform us, carry on the Bufmefa according to the usual Forms that a State or Abstract of every Public Account, after and Praftiee. No Reason is Hated in the Act, or ap-k is passed, is inrolled in these Offices, and in the Two pears to us, for this Exemption; and therefore we are First die Insupers are inrolled verbatim; but in the iaft, at Liberty, without the Imputation of impeaching the the grofe Sum only, set Insuper, is entered upon the Roll Wilclom of those Times, to say, that ..the manyjln-without the Names, unless where there are but few of conveniencies attending this Praftiee, call for the Ex-them- This Inrollment is the Record of the Account in tension of the Act of the Fourth of George the Second, each Office; and, in the Office of the King’s Remem- to the Court of the Receipt of His Majesty ? Exchequer, brancer, warrants the Process that iilues against the It does not feetn reasonable, that this thoqld be the only Accountant, whether it be the ordinary Process of His- Court whose Proceedings are to remain involved in tr'mgas ad computandum, or the special Process of Capias Mystery and Obscurity.

ad computandum, or any Process for recovering a Debt Simplicity, Uniformity, and Perfpicnity, are Qua-

due to the Crown. No general Process can iffire from lities of Excellence in every Account, both Public this Office, unless founded on Matter of Record in the and Private; and Accounts of PubliciManey, as they Office: But, in the Two other Offices, the Inrollment concern all, should be intelligible, tp all: Nor is this seems to be of noUfe: No Process issues from either of Learning in Danger of being loft; the BeBt of the Anthem, in consequence of, or grounded on that Record, tiquarian, and the Interest of the Keeper of Records, will The long Writ, which i6 the Process that issues out of preserve it.

the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, is The Use of the English Language, and of the corn-grounded upon the Nichil Record transmitted to them mon Figures only, will save the Time and Trouble of from the Pipe Office. the Officers; a Consideration of Weight, in an Office

On the Roll of Foreign Accounts in the Pipe Office, where, at this Time, the Receipt and Iliue is of above which contains the Abltrafts of all the Public Accounts, Thirty Millions each in the Year, no Process whatever issues. The Words, either " Quietus As suggesting Means for contrafting the Public est," or " He is quit," are written at the Bottom of Expences is one great End of our Institution, to every Abstract upon the Roll, and a Copy is delivered to which every Act expressly points our Attention, we the Accountant, which is his Quietus. enquired what Saving would accrue to the Public

Public Accounts, or Abstracts of them, ought to from this Exemption of the Accounts of Jhe Treasurer be inrolled, and the Records of them preserved in of the Navy from the J.urisdiction of the Auditors of feme Office or other: But inrolling them in Three the Imprest: To this End, we required from that different Branches of an Office, seems to be more than Office a Lilt of the Expences attending the passing the is necessary. In that of the King’s Remembrancer it Account of the Year 1759, which had been under our is necessary, as the Ground for the Process; and that Consideration.

Inrollment answers all the Purposes of a Record; it The Lift transmitted to us, contains Fees to die N* 41.

may be consulted for Information, or it may be pro- Amount of One thousand Two hundred, Seventy-eight £ 1,278. 4. *.

duced, if wanted, in Evidence: The other Two seem Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence; of which the utterly useless, and may therefore, be dispensed with, Sqm paid in the Office of the Auditor is One thou- £ 1,091. 9. <. and the Fees laved to the Public. The Fees paid to sand and Ninety-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Six. the Pipe, for the Quietus upon Mr. Grenville's Ac- Pence; the Auditor himself has a Fee of One. hundred count for the Year 1759, were Eighty-one Pounds Ten Pounds a Year; and at the Rate of Twenty Pounds Shillings. The Account itself being lodged in this for every Hundred thousand Pounds contained in the Office, a very short Abstract, with the Quietus sub- Charge, deducting the Balance in the preceding Ac-feribed, may be delivered to the Accountant as his final count. Hence, if these Accounts are immediately Discharge. withdrawn from the Auditor, the Saving will be, in

An Account in the Exchequer Form is in English,. his Fees alone (omitting those to the Deputy and but contains l’orae Latin Terms. The Imprest Roll is Clerks) One hundred Pounds for every Year since

all written in an Abridgment of the Latin Language. 1761, that is, Two thousand One hundred Pounds; £.i,i<xk. The Sums in both are expressed in Characters that are, and Twenty Pounds for every Hundred thousand in general. Corruptions of the old > Text, and are in Pounds, on above Seventy Millions, which are yet to Use no where, that we can find, but in the Exche- pass his Office (exclusive of what the Voluntary Charges N° 41. quer; , Characters very liable to Mistakes, inconvenient of the Treasurers may amount to in those Years) that and troublesome even to the Officers themselves: The is, together, upwards of Sixteen thousand Pounds,

Sums f expressed cannot be call up. Moll of the deducting a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble Accounts in the Exchequer are made up Twice; first- they have had in examining those Parts of the Accounts in common Figures, that they may be added together; of the Years subsequent to the Year 1761, which have and then turned into Latin, and the Sums entered in been delivered into the Office. The Annual Saving for the Exchequer Figures: And,' that the' high Numbers the future will depend upon the Navy( Establishment of in a declared Account may be -understood, they are the Year. 2

written in common Figures under the Characters. They Thus have we endeavoured, by suggesting such are defective, having no Characters. to exprefe high Regulations as appear to us best calculated for the *

S ' Purpose

23 GeO. lit. 230 Jatiuarii.

Purpose, to remove the Causes of Delay that have hitherto retarded the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy.

The Benefits intended to result from them are — to secure the Public Money from Misuse; — to reduce the outstanding Balances for the Navy Services; — to enable the Treasurer to end his Business with his Office, and to pass his Accounts with greater Facility and Expedition; and, should he retire in Disgust, to deprive him of the Power of disturbing the Pay of the Navy, by a Refusal to carry on the Payment of the Ships; — and, finally, to further the Plan of Oeconomy, by lopping off some Branches of Expence.

The Annual Saving proposed by the Regulation, does not appear very considerable; when compared with the Supply of the Year, it vanishes; but such is the State of the Public Finances, that Savings comparatively minute are not to be neglected: To reduce an enormous Public Debt, indispensably requires a Syltem of general Oeconomy; an Oeconomy co-extensive with the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Revenue, and that pervades every Branch of both; and, though the Savings in each Branch separately considered, may, to Miuds accustomed to the Contemplation of Millions, appear beneath Attention, yet of such Savings is composed an Aggregate, that grows to an Object, and constitutes the Fund for Redemption.

Powerful and effectual may be the Operation of a Principle universally diffused, and steadily adhered to; and upon such an Operation only depends the Character of national Juliice, the Support of national Credit, and the Preservation of the Public Welfare.

Every Reform mud proceed by Degrees; it spreads wider and faster, in Proportion as Regulations are formed, adopted, and carried into Execution. The Exigency of these Times demands that every Regulation, if approved, should, as soon as it is formed, be applied to its proper Object, that a Stop may be put, as soon as possible, to every unnecessary and improper Expence. The Weight of Debt presses; and Procraf-tination both increases the Pressure, and more and more embarrasses the Means of Relief: And, for this Reason, we have thought it incumbent upon us not to defer our Report until we had proceeded further in the Investigation of the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; but to submit to the Wil'dom of Parliament the Regulations that have thus far occurred to us, applicable to the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, to the End that no Advantage whatsoever, that can be derived from the Execution of the important Trust repoled in us by the Legislature, may, by our Neglect or Delay, be withheld, for one Moment, from the Public.

Office of Accounts, Surrey Street, December 20th, 1782.

A P P

T. Anguish, (L. S.)

A. Piggott, (L. O

Rich1 Neave, (L. »)

Sam' Beachcroft, (l. S.)

Geo. Drummond. (l. s.)

E N D I X.

N° 1.

The Examination of Mr. John; taken

upon Oath, the 4th and 5th of July 1782.

This Examinant faith. That Twice in every Year, the First Friday after the last Day of Hilary and Trinity Terms, he, as Clerk of the Debentures in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, makes out a general Imprest Roll, containing all the Sums issued between those Periods to Persons upon Account, with the Names of the Persons, and for what Services issued; the Warrants in pursuance of which Vol. 39.

the Sums are issued, specify whether they are with or without Account The Impred Roll contains those Sums only which are directed to be issued on Account either by the King’s Warrant, or by Act of Parliament. This Roll is recorded in the Pell Office, signed by the Deputy Clerk of the Pells, and font to the Kings Remembrancer, in Obedience to the Act of King,

for the Regulation of the Exchequer. Though all these Sums are directed to be issued on Account, yet some of them are never accounted for, such as Sums to pay Salaries, or for small Services performed.

This Roll is wrote in an Abridgment of the Latin Language, and the Figures are in general Corruptions of the old Text, now, a3 he believes, entirely out of Use except in the Exchequer; very subject to Midakes, and impossible to be cad up; the Sums mud all be reduced to common Figures, before this Roll can be made up. This Mode of Writing is very troublesome, both to the Office and to Persons who apply for Money; most of the Accounts mud be made up Twice, fird in English and in common Figures, and then many of them turned into Latin, and the Sums entered in the Text Figures, and there are no Characters to express very large Sums; these Figures are very seldom understood by the Persons who are to receive the Sums. It would save much Time and Trouble to the Office, if the English Language, and the common Figures, were made use of.

John

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 2.

The Examination of Adam Martin, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 8th, 9th, and 10th July 1782.

This Examinant faith, That States of all the Ac-1 counts passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Impred, and of all the Money received into and issued out of the Exchequer, are, or ought to be, as he apprehends and believes, inrolled in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer.

Upon the final Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and of the Paymader General of the Forces, those Persons to whom Money has been issued upon Account, and who have not accounted, appear to be returned insuper;against which Persons, Process of

Distringas ad computandum ought to issue.

In every Year’s Account of those Officers, there appear to be Insupers; but the proper Officer cannot well didinguiih upon what Insupers Process ought to issue; for it may appear in a subsequent Year’s Account, that the Persons so returned insuper have accounted.

Where special Process issues against Accountants, it is always by particular Directions of the Revenue Boards, signified by their Solicitors: This Process is by Scire facias, or by immediate Extent. There is no general Process, that he knows of, to compel Persons to account, except the Distringas ad computandum; and in some Instances, where the Debt has been in Danger, a Capias ad computandum has issued, by Order of the Court of Exchequer, upon special Application made for that Purpose.

Adam Martin.

T. Anguish,

Rich1 Neave,

Saint Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Q N* 3.

Eighth Report on Public Accounts,

5»

Eighth Heport on Public Accounts

230 Januarii. 1783.

N*3.

The Examioation of Mr. Alexander Bennett; taken upon Oath, die 9th July 178a.

This Examinant faith, That he is one of the sworn Clerks in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer; be executes the Business of the First Second* ary, who is rendered incapable by his Infirmities.

Twice in every Year an Imprest Roll is sent from the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Office of the King’s Remembrancer; it appears to contain the Names of the Persons to whom Sums have been impressed upon Account during the preceding Half Year: It is not usual to issue Proceis ad computandum against any Person named in this Roll. There comes likewise to this Office, every Half Year, a Certificate from the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; he usually examines this Certificate with the Deputy Auditor, and from him receives Information against what Persons named in the Certificate Proceis mould issue. If the Accounts are very ancient, or if they are depending and prosecuting, they ore not put in Proceis. Where ttie Accounts are of late Years and not prosecuted, and the Accountants have had a reasonable Time for accounting, Process issues against them; this Process is a Writ of Distringas ad compulandum. To this Writ, issued to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, where the great Accountants

in general reside, and where all Accountants are sup-poled to reside, unless otherwise described, is annexed a voluminous Bundle of Schedules, many of them of a very ancient Date; these Schedules contain, among other Things, the Names of the Accountants, and most of them the Sums for which they are to account.

Every Half Year the returned Writ of Distringas is taken off, and filed with those Schedules in which the Purport of the Writ has been satisfied; the rest, with the Addition of those Names taken from the last Imprest Certificate, are annexed to a renewed Writ, and issued to the Sheriffs. The Sheriff usually makes a Nichil Return to this Writ; and he does not recoUeft ever to have seen any other Return, unlefe where the Sheriff was spedally directed upon his Appofid. After this Writ and Schedule are returned into the Office, the Sheriff is apposed in the Court of Exchequer, the new Schedules are read over, and the Sheriff questioned before a Baron, upon his Oath, relative to the Execution of that Writ; his Answer is usually agreeable to his Return. Sometimes the Baron, of his own Motion, directs the Sheriff, in particular Cafes, to return Issues to a certain Amount; and, in that Cafe, the Sheriff alters his Return, and endorses upon the Writ the Issues directed, which are transmitted to the Office of the Pipe, where he is charged with those Issues, and levies them, as he apprehends, by Proceis from that Office.

Alex. Bennett.

T. Angui/h,

Rich* Aeaoe,

Samt Beachcroft.

N* 4.

George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. to the Sheriffs of London and,

Greeting. We command you, that you omit not for any Liberty, but enter the fame, and distrain the fevered Persons in the several Schedules annexed named, by all their Lands and Chattels in your Bailiwick, so

that they, or any for them, do not intermeddle therewith* until We otherwise command you, and that you answer to Us the Issues of the said Lands, so that you may have their Bodies before the Barons of Our Exchequer, at Westminster, in Fifteen Days from the Day of Easter next, to account to Us for the several Sums of Money charged on them in the said Schedules, and that you then have there this Writ. Witness Sir John Knight, at Westminster, the Twelfth Day of,

in the Twenty-second Year of Our Reign, by the State of the Accounts, and by the Barons.

Heroey.

The several Persons in the several Schedules hereto annexed, have not, nor hath any or either of them, any Lands or Chattels in our Bailiwick, where or by which we can distraio them or either of them, as within we are commanded; nor are they or either of them found in the lame.

The Answer of (William Gill, Esquire, and the Answer or {William Nicholson, Esquire, Sheriffs.

The several Persons in the several Schedules hereunto annexed, have not, nor bath any of them, any Lands or Chattels in my Bailiwick, where or by which they can be distrained, as I am within commanded; nor are they or any of them found in the feme.

T«k a r c (William Gill, Esquire,

lhe Answer ot \William N Esquire, Sheriffs.

N* 5.

'Hie Examination of John Esquire; taken

upon Oath, the 27th August 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is principal Clerk in the Office of the Sheriff of Middlesex; he has been in this Office Thirty-three Years. It is a Branch of his Bufiuels to issue Warrants for the Execution of Proceis, and to make Returns upon such Proceis.

After every issuable Term, Process of Distringas ad compulandum, with a large Bundle of Schedules annexed, is sent from the Office of the King’s Remembrancer to that of the Sheriff. He does not remember any Warrant ever issued by the Sheriff for the Execution of this Proceis. This Writ is returned of course in the Term in which it is made returnable, and a Nichil endowed upon it; and this has been the Practice ever since he has been in the Office, except in a very few Inllances, where the Court of Exchequer have compelled the Sheriff to return Issues; and he remembers only One In-llance where the Issues were drawn down to the Pipe and levied. When the Day for the Appofel of the Sheriff of Middlesex is appointed by the Barons of the Exchequer, the Sheriff gives Notice to certain Officers in the several Offices through which the Accounts of the Persons named in the Schedules must pals, that they may attend and give such Answers as may be necessary respecting the Accounts of the Persons in their respective Departments; these Officers generally attend, and give Answers to such Questions as are put to them by the Court.

John Benson.

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

RichCNeaoe,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

23 Geo. III.

23® Jattuatii. 59

N® 6.

The Examination of Ur ay, Esquire; taken

upon Oath, the 38th 3d and 10th July,

and 7th August, 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he came into the Office of the late William Aislabie, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprest, in the Year 1745, and continued there until August 1781; he was appointed to the Office of Deputy Auditor, by Mr. A, in November 1775, and executed that Office until his Death, in May 1781; after which, he continued Deputy alone until the 18th of July 1781, and jointly with Mr. until the Be-

ginning of August, when he resigned.

The Deputy Auditor is appointed, during Pleasure, by an Instrument under the Hand and Seal of the Auditor, which Deed is enrolled at the Exchequer; the Deputy is presented by the Auditor to the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and is sworn into his Office before him.

He does not recoiled that Mr. Aislabie ever executed any Part of the Business in the Office; the Whole of it is transa&ed by the Deputy and Clerks. The Office, when he first came into it, consisted of the Auditor, the Deputy, and Five Clerks; some extra Clerks have been since added upon an Increase of Business. All the Clerks hold their Places during Pleasure, by the verbal Appointment of the Auditor.

The Business of the Auditor of the Imprest is executed in Two separate distinfit Offices, by Two Auditors, each having a Deputy and Clerks under him, independent of each other. Both Deputy Auditors sign the Half Yearly Certificate of Accounts depending in the Two Offices.

The Accounts audited in this Office are of Two Kinds, Ordinary and Extraordinary: The Ordinary Accounts are prepared, made up, and presented to the Treasury for Declaration, by virtue of the Authority given to the Auditor by his Letters Patent: The Extraordinary Accounts are prepared, made up, and presented to the Treasury for Declaration, in puruiance of a State of those Accounts being first made up and presented to the Treasury for their Approbation and Allowance, and in pursuance either of the King’s or Treasury Warrant, obtained in consequence of such Allowance, directing the Auditor to prepare, make up, and present for Declaration, the said Accounts conformably to that State. The Accounts and Vouchers are examined previous to the making up and presenting the States of them to the Treasury. He does not know the exafit Distinction be* tween those Accounts which require the King’s Warrant, and those which require the Treasury Warrant only 1 The Accounts of Governors and of Quarter-masterS General, ore usually passed by the King’s Warrant; the Accounts of Contractors by a Treasury Warrant only, Every Accountant either produces, or ought to produce, a Charge upon himself for all the Sums he is to account for, and by what Means they came into his Hands, The Chaise consists of all Sums either im-prested to him from public Offices, or received by him from other Persons, or by other Means subject to Account

There comes every Half Year, after the issuable Terms, from the King's Remembrancer, to the Offices of the Auditors of the Imprest, the general Imprest Roll made out at the Exchequer, containing Sums issued during that Period, and the Names of the Persons to whom issued. This Roll informs the Office what Persons are become accountable, and for what Sums; but he does not know or believe that the Auditors have any Power to compel these or any other Persons,

Vo 1. 39.

to whom Money has b&n issued, to produce their Accounts to the Office; bat frequently Application has been made to the Accountants to expedite their Accounts.

In every Year’s Account of the Paymaster General of the Forces, Credit is given to him for all the Sums issued by him, by proper Authority, to Persons upon Account The Accounts likewise, of the Navy, Ordnance, and Other Accounts, give Notice to the Office of Persons to whom Money has been issued, and who are subject to Account.

Soon after every issuable Term, a general Certificate of all the Accounts depending in die Office is made out and One Copy is lent to the Treasury, and One to the King's Remembrancer, in order that Process may issue against Defaulters, according to die Course of the Exchequer, as is specified in this Certificate: In this Certificate are inserted some Accounts of a very ancient Date; but he does not apprehend that the Auditor has any Authority to leave out of the Certificate the Names of any Accountants to the Crown which have been once inserted, unless their Accounts are puffed.

He has always understood that every Person who receives Public Money on Account, is liable, and ought, to pass his Account of that Money in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, except exempted by proper Authority, and except Persons who received Money from the Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance (in which Cafes the Treasurers themselves clear the Imprest, made either in their own or in former Treasurerships) and except Persons who receive inconsiderable Sums in other Offices, and account in those Offices.

It is the Prafitice for the Treasurer of the Navy, the Paymaster General of the Forces, and the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and all Public Officers and Offices that have a Continuance, to pals their Accounts, which are in general Annual, alternately in each Office. Before, a Year’s Account is passed, the declared Account of the preceding Year is inspected, and the Entries examined, in order to prevent double Credits.

In the same of Extraordinary Accounts, it is, as he believes, at the Option of the Accountant to which of the Taro Offices he will carry them; but it is in the Power of the Treasury, as he apprehends, to direct which Office shall audit them. There are feme Accounts which both Offices join in auditing, as the Bank and South Sed Company.

John Bray.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neaoe,

Sami Beachcrofl,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 7.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 12th, 15th, and 19th July, gth, 13th, and 14th 1782.

This Examinant faith, That be is one of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, in the Office of Lord stuart. That the last declared Account of a Treasurer of the Navy, is the Account of the late George Grenville, Esquire, for One Year, ending 31st December 1759; this Account was examined, drawn, prepared, and presented for Declaration, in the Office now Lord Mountstuart's, and was declared in February last.

The Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy are audited in the following Manner: The Treasurer fends from Time to Time to the Office of the Auditor,

Se&ons

Eighth Report on Public Account*

Eighth Report on Public Accounts.

6o 230 Januarii. A. 1783.

Se&ions of his Navy and Victualling Ledgers ( the Navy Sections contain the Payments for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Naval Services, and for the Sick and Wounded Service; the Victualling Sections contain the Payments for the Victualling Services. At the Bottom of each Page, or of the last Page, where the Entry of a Bill takes up more Pages than One, Three Commissioners of the Navy sign their Names. The Ledger Books, thus subscribed, are taken and allowed by the Auditors as a sufficient Voucher for all the Payments contained in those Pages, and therefore no Vouchers for these Payments are lent from the Navy Office. This Allowance of Payments without the Production of the Vouchers, is in consequence of a Writ of Privy Seal, procured by every Treasurer of the Navy soon after his Appointment; which Writ directs the Auditors and other Officers of the Exchequer, to pals and allow the Payments lo subscribed as entered in the Ledgers. Where the Article contains a Computation, that Computation is examined by the Clerks, and where the Payment conlifts of various Items, they are computed and added. After the Sections of a Year are received at the Office, the Treasurer transmits thither the Abstracts of those Ledgers; these Abstracts are an Index, containing all the Payments to the particular Persons, under Heads, ranged alphabetically; the Articles in the Ledgers are compared with these Abstracts; an Arrangement is made of some of them, different from that in the Navy Abstract. Where one Man receives various Sums at different Times for the same Service, the Entries of those Payments are not placed together in the Navy Abstract, but in the Abstract made in the Auditors Office, they are collected together, and by that Means become a Check upon the Navy Abstract; this is the principal Difference between the Two Abstracts.

The Navy Abstract for the Accounts of the Year 1759, was received at the Auditors Office the 20th of March 1780.' There are a few other Articles inserted in every Year’s Ledger, called Extra Payments, being additional Salaries, Pensions, or Allowances, paid out of Money arisen by the Sale of old Stores, by virtue of Warrants under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual; these Warrants are directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, authorizing him to pay the Sums therein mentioned, during Pfeafure; they are entered in both the Offices of the Auditors, and with the Receipts of the Parties or their Assigns, are the Vouchers for the Treasurer; thele Receipts are produced at the Auditors Office, and are not subscribed by the Commissioners of the Navy, and are the only original Vouchers for a Discharge, that are produced by the Treasurer to the Auditor. The other Payments are allowed by virtue of the Privy Seal. The fcntry in the Ledger, for the Payment of a Ship’s Book, contains One Total Sum, paid to the Commander- and other Officers, and Mariners, for their Wages, for the Time of their respective Services, during a certain Period, and refers to the Ship’s Book remaining in the Navy Office, containing each Man’s Name, Quality, Time, and Money; the Ship’s Book is not produced to the Auditor. These Entries in the Account of the Year 1759, amount to about Two hundred and Forty, so that it would - be hardly possible for the Auditor to examine the Payments made in the Ship’s Book. The like Difficulty and Labour would occur in examining into the Payments of the Yards, Hospitals, Sick Quarters, and Half Pay Lifts, the Books and Lift of which remain in the Navy Office. The Sections containing the le Entries are all subscribed by the Commissioners of the Navy. These Heads comprehend the whole Discharge in a Year’s Account of a Treasurer of the Navy, except the Article of Fees, and except it is a Final Account, which contains other Payments.

The Charge upon the Treasurer consists of the Balance due upon his last Account, the Imprest Roll, and his Voluntary Charge; the Imprest Roll contains all the Suras issued to him out of the Exchequer during the Period of his Account; this Roll he procures from the Exchequer, and brings to the Auditors Office; it is the Instrument that charges him with that Sum. The Voluntary Charge consists of either the Sums received by him upon various different Accounts, or Deductions made by him in his Payments; this Charge is subscribed by Three or more Commissioners of the Navy, but for the Truth of it, Reliance is had upon the Oath (or Attestation in the same of a Peer) of the Treasurer or his Representative.

The following Payments are inserted in the Final Account: Lists of Arrears of Wages, Half Pay, and of other Arrears due in former Treasurerships, Assigned Tickets, Two Months Advance Money, Bounty to Chaplains, and other Lifts; the Amount of each of thele Lifts is entered in the Navy Ledger, subscribed by Three Commissioners, and in consequence of that Signature, these Payments are allowed in the Auditors Office without any other Examination. At the End of a Final Account, is added a List of the several Persons who remained accountable at the Time of the Determination of that Account, for Money imprested to them for the Service of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Wounded, with the Sums, and the Dates of the Bills. This Lift is lent from the Treasurer, signed also by Three Commissioners; Payments in it are arranged irregularly, hut for the Convenience of clearing them, they are altered in this Office to an alphabetical Arrangement; this completes the Final Account; in a long Treasurership this Lift is very numerous. The Errors discovered by this Office, in the Account of the Year 1759, above mentioned, were double Credits to the Amount of Eighty-one Pounds Ten Shillings, with which the Auditor surcharged the Treasurer; they were discovered by Means of the different Arrangements made in the Auditors Office; the other Errors in this Account were but trifling. The Accounts are in general sent very corrcCt from the Treasurer’s Office.

The Year’s Account is made out in the Auditors Office, from the Ledgers and Abstracts, in the following Manner: The First Charge is the Arrears remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer at the Foot of his last Account; the next is the Money received by him from the Exchequer: This is an English Translation from the Imprest Roll, which is in Latin, but retaining the Latin Description of the Term in which each Sum issued. The next is the Voluntary Charge, the First Part of which is the Imprefts in former Treasurerships, cleared within the Time of the Account; it is copied from the Voluntary Charge, except transposing the Articles to the Order of Time in which the original Bills were issued. All the Sums composing the other Parts of the Voluntary Charge, are taken from the Abstract; the Totals only are entered, after examining them, and seeing that they are truly cast up: This comprehends the whole Charge, except there should be any Surcharge arising from Errors in the Account.

The next is the Discharge. In that Part that belongs to the Navy, each Article in the Ledger is examined with the Entry of that Article in the Abstract; the total Sums under each Head in the Abstract abstracted, are entered in the Account, except the following Heads, each Article of which is entered particularly in the Account: Salaries, Pensions, Rewards and Bounties, Rent, Disburlements, Entries of Ships Books, Sick and Wounded, and Extra Payments. It has been the UTage of the Office to particularize thele

Articles

33 Geo. III.

33* Jamarii.

61

Articles, as in some of these Heads it enables them to see that the feme Payments are not credited in former Accounts. These Articles are not entered in the Account in the feme Order in which they (land in the Abstract, but in such Order as appears 010ft convenient to the Auditor. The feme Method is puriued in that Part of the Discharge which belongs to the Victualling: The only Heads which are particularized in this Part of the Account; are Salaries, Rent, Workmanship, and Extra Payments.

Two Parts of an Account of every Year are made tip in the Auditor’s Office; one on Paper, called The Declaration; the other on Parchment, called The Account The Balance dated by the Auditor is compared with the Balance of the Accountant; aihort State of die Account is drawn up in the Office, and sworn to by the Accountant, or attested if a Peer, before the Barons of the Exchequer, or Commissioners appointed by them. The Declaration and Account are both signed by the Deputy Auditors, and presented to the Treasury for Declaration; the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Two other Lords of die Treasury, sign their Names, and then the Chief Baron of the Exchequer adds his Name: The Declaration is preserved in the Office of the Auditor; the Account is carried to the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, the Treasurer’s Remembrancer, and then to the Pipe Office, where it remains.

The Fees for passing this Account of the Treasurer of the Navy for the Year 1759, amounted to One thousand Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence; which Sum is paid by the Public.

In the Final Account, the Lift of Insupers is taken from the Lift transmitted. from the Pay Office; but they are entered upon the Account in an alphabetical Order, that all the Sums imprested to the feme Person may be brought together, and for the Convenience of clearing them in the subsequent Accounts. The Treasurer, in his Final Account, has Credit for all the Sums that have been advanced by him upon Account, and not cleared during his Treasurership; and the several Persons to whom those Sums have been advanced, are returned accountable for them. In general, the Se&ions and Abstract are examined fuon after they are received, unless the Office is engaged in other Business. As soon as all the Papers necessery to complete an Account are font in, it is then made up and finished as fuon as possible: When any Doubts arise, the Queries and Observations are sent to die Accountant to be answered; the finishing the Account is of Necessity delayed until Answers are returned to the Office.

The Sums in the ingrossed Accounts are expressed by Characters used in the Exchequer: They are inconvenient; there are some high Numbers for which there are no specifiq Characters, such as Millions, which are expressed by the Characters of Numbers of Hundred thousends: Where they are to be added to* gether they must be taken out, and entered in common Figures; and few Persons, except thofo who are used to them, are able to understand them- The grand Total Sums are wrote u|>on the Account in small common Figures, as well as in the Exchequer Characters. It would, as he apprehends, fove 'lime and Trouble, were they wrote in common Figures only.

In making out the general Imprest Certificate, the Rule is, to insert the Names of all those Persons whose Accounts are depending in the Office, and the State in which they are; when once inserted, they cannot be left out until the Accounts are declared. Though the Office has Knowledge, from the Half Yearly Imprest Roll, what Sums are issued upon Account from the Exchequer, yet the Auditor has no

Vol. 39.

Power to compel those Accountants to bring in their Eighth Accounts. Report

Hurra. "

T.AtgmJk,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Geo.

N* 8.

Writ of Privy Seal, authorizing th*e Right honourable George Grenville, Treasurer of the Navy, to pals his Accounts, although the Accounts of former Treasurers remain unpafled

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. to the Commissioners of our Treasury, Chamberlains and Barons of Our Exchequer now being, and to the High Treasurers, Comtnife sioners of Our Treasury, Chamberlains and Barons of Our Exchequer, which hereafter shall be, and to the Auditors of the Iraprefts now and for the Time being, „ and to all other Officers of the Court and Receipt of the Exchequer, whom it may concern, Greeting. Whereas Our Right Trusty and Well-beloved Counsellor George Grenville, Esquire, Treasurer of Our Navy Royal and Marine Affairs, hath humbly besought Us to grant bim Our Letters of Privy Seal, for authorizing him to pass his Accounts of all the Money which he hath received, or shall receive, or which hath or shall come to the Hands of him, or of his Ministera and Agents, for the Service of Our said Navy, although the Accounts of any former Treasurers of the Navy do or may remain undeclared or undetermined; which feetns unto Us very reasonable, as well for the Satisfaction of Us, that the Money imprested to the fold George Grenville, for the Service of Our said Navy, hath been really expended and disbursed by him in that Service, as for the procuring his Discharge and Quietus in the Exchequer for the feme: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and we do hereby authorize and require you, and every of you, and all others! who are and shall from Time to Time be concerned, herein, to proceed in the passing, auditing, and declaring of the Accounts of the said George Grenville, as Treasurer of Our Navy, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which he hath received, or shall rer ceive, for the Service of Our Navy Royal and Marine Affairs, notwithstanding any preceding Account or Accounts of former Treasurers of the Navy are not palfed and declared: Wherein Our said Treasurer is to be charged with such Supers and Imprest Bills only as have been cleared within the Time of his Accounts, and whereof he shall have received Allowance in his foid Accounts, which are to be particularly expressed in the Front of his Ledger Books of Accounts, to be delivered to the Auditors of the Imprefts from Time to Time as his Voluntary Charge, and to be signed by Three or more of the principal Officers and Commissioners of Our Navy, expressing the Time when, and the Persons, to whom, and for what Service, the Monies therein specified were so imprested. And Our further Will and Pleasure is, That, according to the usual Prafitice of the Office of Our Navy, Our said Treasurer of Our Navy shall have foil Allowance in his Account of and for all and every the Sum and Sums of Money mentioned in his said Ledger Books of Accounts to be by him, his Agents and Ministers, issued and expended in and about the Service of Our Navy Royal and Marine Affairs; which said Ledger Books Our foid Treasurer of Our Navy is hereby required to prepare end exhibit in the First Place to the Commissioners of Opr Navy, from

R Time

Gock

ly-JaHuarii. A. 1783-

Eighth Keport on Public A ccou 11 ts.

Time to Time, to inspefit and examine, and if Need' be to correct, alter, and amend such Errors and Mistakes as may happen therein. And the said Commissioners of Our Navy, or any Three or more of them, are hereby directed, authorized, and required to accept and take from Our said Treasurer of Our Navy the said Ledger Books of Accounts so to be prepared by him, and to use their utmost Care and Diligence in examining thereof from Time to Time; and having so examined, and if Need be also corrected and amended the fame, they Our said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required to iign and subscribe to every Page thereof; and the said Ledger Books so subscribed shall be taken and allowed a Sufficient Warrant and Voucher to all and every the Auditor and Auditors, and all other Our Officers of the Exchequer to make and give full Allowance of all and every the Payments and Sums of Money therein contained and mentioned to be paid in and about the Service of Our Navy. And We do hereby require you the Commissioners of Our Treasury, Chancellor and Under Treasurer and Barons of Our Exchequer which hereafter shall be, the Auditors of Our Imprefts, and all other Officers and Ministers of Our Exchequer who are or may.be anywise concerned, to allow, pass, and declare, the said Account and Accounts of the said George as Treasurer of Our Navy, without any further or other Warrant from Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, notwithstanding any other or former Practice some Time used to the contrary; and these Our Letters shall be your Sufficient Warrant and Discharge in this Behalf. Given under Our Privy Seal at Our Palace of minsler, the Fourth Day of March, in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

Exam'1, Pctr Mich' Morin, Depr.

N- 9.

The Examination of Mr. Osborne Standert; taken upon Oath, the 17th July 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy; it is his Business to examine some of those Accounts previous to their being sent to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprelt.

About Twelve or Fourteen Months after the Expiration of the Year, and sooner when there was lets Business in the Office than at present, the Treasurer lends to the Office of the Comptroller of his Accounts, his complete Ledger of Bills paid by him in that Year, for the ordinary and extraordinary Naval Services, with a Duplicate: The first Step is to examine the Entries of the Bills in this Ledger with the Entries of the same Bills in the Assigning Book; after this is done, the Treasurer fends the Bills themselves as his Vouchers for his Payments; these Bills are examined both with the Ledger and Duplicate, in Conjunction with a Clerk from the Treasurer’s Office; but neither the Computations nor the Additions in each Bill are examined in this Office, nor is it necessary, for every Bill is checked, at least Twice, before it is issued, in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy. The Ledger is then laid before the Navy Board, and each Page, or the last Page where the Entry of a Bill takes up more Pages than One, is subscribed by Three Commissioners of the Navy, which Subscription is an Authority to the Auditors to allow the Entries without the Vouchers; the Ledger thus subscribed is sent back to the Treasurer, and the Vouchers, with the Duplicate, remain in the Office. The Sections of the Payments for the Sick and Wounded Service are likewise sent about the same 71 me to this Office, but they are hot examined there.

they are transmitted to the Sick and Wounded Office*, to be examined in the same Manner by them; after they are returned they are compared with the Vouchers, and subscribed by the Navy Board, and those Vouchers also remain in this Office.

The Annual Charge against the Treasurer consista of the Sums issued to him from the Exchequer, and his Voluntary Charge; he is charged with the Money from the Exchequer by the Account of his Receipts, which he transmits to the Navy Board immediately after he has received them, and by a Monthly Account sent to the Navy Board from the Exchequer, containing all the Sums imprested to him during that Month. The Voluntary Charge consists of Three Parts; one made out in the Cashier’s Branch, another in the Pay Branch, and another in the Victualling Branch: The First is the only one examined in this Office, and consists of Imprefts cleared in former Treasurerships; of Money arising from the Sale of old Stores; of Abatements from Bills; and of Money received from his Successor: This Voluntary Charge is sent to the Office for Examination next after the Ledger, but does not come until a long Time afterwards; it would be useless to fend it before the Whole can be completed, for the Auditor must have the Whole together, and that Part relating to the Pay Branch cannot be completed, until the Ships Books are made up for that Period. Every Item in this Voluntary Charge is checked by some previous Entry made in this Office; the Voluntary Charge relating to the Pay Branch is examined in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, and that relating to the Victualling Branch, as he apprehends, in the Office of the Comptroller of the Victualling.

After the Voluntary Charges are all examined, an Abstract is made of the Articles they consist of, joined to the Account subscribed by the Navy Board, and sent back to the Treasurer’s Office. The Sections for the Payment of the Ships Books, Yards, and Half Pay, are the next Accounts that are sent from the Treasurer; his Clerk produces the Books themselves, and the total Amount of each Book is compared with the Entry relating to that Book in the Sections: The Boob themselves are not examined in this Office, having been previously examined elsewhere. These Sections are then subscribed by the Navy Board, and returned to the Treasurer. This completes every Year’s Account as far as relates to the Examination in this Office, except the Final Account, to which is annexed the Insuper; this Insuper contains the Names of all the Persons to whom Bills have been imprested and not cleared during his Treal’urership, with the Amount of each Bill. This Charge insuper is the last Act of the Final Account; it is examined in this Office with the Imprest Ledger, in which every one of these Bills is entered: This Account, after Examination, is cast up to a Total, signed by the Navy Board, and then returned to the Treasurer.

The Treasury Warrants, authorizing the Treasurer to make extra Payments out of Money arising from the Sale of old Stores, are entered in the Office of the Comptroller of his Accounts, and remain with the Treasurer; the Receipts for those extra Payments are not produced in this Office, but he certifies the Payment of them, from Time to Time, in his Account current, upon which he has Credit for them in his Account with the Navy Board.

Osb. Standert.

T. Anguish,

RichdNcave,

Geo. Drummond.

2 3 Geo. III. 230 Jan3

/ N* 10.

The Examination of Mr. Paynter; taken

upon Oath, the 26th July 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk in the Ticket Office, which is one Branch of the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts; the other Branch is the Bill Office. One of the Books belonging to every Ship is sent to this Office; It contains the Names, the Times of Service, the Defalcations, and the full Wages, of every Person belonging to that Ship: All these Sums are examined and checked in this Office, and a Clerk attends with this Book whenever the Ship is paid or recalled.

Paynter.

T. Anguish,

Rich*Neave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 11.

The Examination of Mr. Benjamin Holl; Wkeri upon Oath, the 22d July 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Comptroller of the Navy, in the Branch for the Payment of Seamen’s Wages. It is in his Department to examine that Part of the Voluntary Charge of the Treasurer of the Navy that is made out in the Pay-tnafter’s Branch. This Voluntary Charge consists of Abatements on Ships Books, Yard Books, and Half Pay Lifts. The Articles in this Charge are taken from Entries made in a Ledger, kept for that Purpose; and those Entries are taken from the Ships Books themselves. In every Ship’s Book the Entries of the Wages due to each Person, with the Abatements and the Sums actually paid, are calculated and examined in this Office. Every Ship has Three Books; one in the Treasurer’s Office, another in the Comptroller of the Navy’s Office, and another in the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts.

W'hen a Ship is paid, a Clerk out of each of these Offices attends, with the Book that belongs to his Office; these Clerks are a Check upon each other. The Books are made up together, and compared, to lee that they agree; after they are made up, the Voluntary Charge, collected out of all the Books made up in a Year, is sent to this Office from the Treasurer; the Entries are examined with the Ledger in this Office, and, if correct, the Charge is returned to the Pay Office. The full Sum to be allowed the Treasurer for the Pay of every Ship, is entered at the End of that Ship’s Book which is kept in his Office; that Sum having been first examined in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, and in that Branch of the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts called The Ticket Office; this Entry is subscribed by Three Commissioners of the Navy, and is transcribed into a Section of the Treasurer’s Accounts.

Holl.

: T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 13.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Davies; taken upon Oath, the 24th and 30th July 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Comptroller of the Navy, in his Office for Bills and Vol. 39.

Accounts; this is one Branch of the Comptroller’s Eighth Office, the other is that which relates to the Payment Report._

of Seamen’s Wages. Accotmta

All Bills for the ordinary and extraordinary Services of the Navy, paid by the Treasurer, are made out and examined in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy; except tmpreft Bills, Free Gifts to Surgeons, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Officers and Men flain in Battle, which Bills are made out in the Office of the Clerk of the Acts; and except some Bills for Stores delivered, &nd Works carried on at the Yards; these last Bil|s are made out at those Yards, sent to the Comptroller’s Office* and there examined. All the Bills that are made out in, and pais this Office, are made out by one Clerk, and examined by another; those made out in the Yards are examined by Two Clerks in this Office.

After the Bills are examined, they are always signed by Three Commissioners of the Navy; and those Bills which are to be paid in course are delivered to the Proprietors, or their Order; the other Bills, which are called Beady Money Bills, are sent to the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, to be assigned for Payment. Every Bill paid by the Treasurer, in whatever Office made out, is first registered in this Office.

T. Davies;

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neave,

Sard Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond;

N' 13.

The Examination of Mr. Robert taked

upon Oath, the 26th Jtdy 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Clerk of the Acts, who is one of the Commissioners of the Navy: In this Office are made out all Imprest Bills, Bills for Bounties, and Free Gifts. The usual Course is, for these Bills to be made out by one Clerk and examined by another, except where a Second Examination is unnecessary, as in Cafes where the Calculation is by a Table, or where the subsequent Imprest Bills are the same as the first. As soon as the Bills are made out and examined, they are ligned by Three Commissioners, and then sent to the Comptroller’s Office to be checked and registered; the Imprest Bills are very numerous; and were there to be any Mistakes in them, such Mistakes must be discovered, and would be corre6ted wheu the final Bill is made out.

R' Gregson.

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neave, 1

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 14.

The Examination of Mr. Joseph Poole; taken upon Oath, the 31st July 1782.

This Examinant faith. That he is Chief Clerk to the Comptroller of the Victualling Accounts, Who is one of the Commissioners of the Navy. Every Month a Register of all the Victualling Bills made out and issued during the preceding Month, is sent from the Office of the Accountant for Caffi in the Victualling Office, to the Comptroller of the Victualling Accounts; the Bills contained in this Register are entered in &

Ledger kept for that Purpose. Every Fortnight the Treasurer of the Navy fends to this Office an Account

Eighth Report od Public Accounts.

33* Januarii. A. 1783.

of all the Victualling Bills paid by him daring that Time; to the Entry of these Bills in the Office Ledger is added, and taken from that Account, the Time when paid, and the initial Letters of the Name of the Treasurer that pays them. Every Month a List of the assigned Bills is lent to this Office from the Assigning Office, which is one of the Branches of the Victualling Office; from this Lift an Entry of the Date of the Assignment, and the Number, is added to the Entry Of each Bill in the Ledger. The Victualling Ledger, with a Duplicate and with the Bills themselves, are lent to this Office from the Treasurer; the Entries in the Ledger and the Duplicate and the Bills, are both examined with die Entries in the Office Ledger; the Year in which the Bill is brought to account, the current Number of th& Section, all Abatements and Imprefts, are

Wintered in the Office Ledger, opposite to the Bill. After his Examination, the Comptroller of the Victualling, the Chief Clerk in his Office, and a Clerk from the Pay Office, examine together the original Ledger with the Duplicate and Bills. The Original is sent to the Navy Board, to be signed by Three Commissioners; the Duplicate add Bills are kept in the Office, the Names of the Commissioners of the Victualling being erased from the Bills: Afterwards the Treasurer fends to this Office his Voluntary Charge, with a Duplicate; Two Species of which are, Imprefts cleared, and Abatements from Bills; these are examined with the Office Ledger; the Original is lent back to the Pay Office. Every Month there comes to this Office from the Assigning Office, an Account of all the Sums received by the Treasurer during that Month, which comprehends the Sums arising from the Sale of old Stores, Fees of Oxen, and decayed Provisions; these are a Part of his Voluntary Charge, and are checked in this Office by the Accounts above-mentioned.

To the Final Account of a Treasurer is added the shipireft Lift, confining the Bills for Sums issued upon Account j this Lift is examined by the Office Ledger, and sent to the Navy Board to be signed, and a Duplicate ik kept in this Office. A Duplicate of a complete Victualling Ledger is bound up and preserved in the Office.

T. Anguish A. Piggott, Rich* Neave,

Sant Beachcr

Geo. Drumn

Joseph Poole.

NM5.

The Examination of Mr. Denham Briggs; taken upon Oath, the 2d August 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is the Accountant for Cash in the Victualling Office. All Victualling Bills whatever pass through his Office; the greatest Part of them are made out "there: The Vouchers from whence a Bill is formed, are checked by Three Persons in the Office^ and after it is made out, is examined by Two Persons, and then ah Abstract of it is entered in a Register kept in the Office for the Purpose of regHter-ing at} the Bills that pals through it; besides which, every Bill is copied into another Book. The Bills that originate in other Branches of the Victualling Office, ’are sent to this Office to be registered; they are not examined, being presumed to have undergone a sufficient Examination in the Offices where they are made out. Many Bills originate at the Out Ports, all of Avhich are sent to this Office, and are examined by Two Persons before they are registered. All Bills, after being registered, are sent to the Victualling Board, to

be signed by Three Commissioners, and are then delivered out to the Persons entitled.

Denham Brigga

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*NeavO,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 16.

'she Examination of Mr. William Sayer , taken upon Oath, the 5th August 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk for clearing Imprefts, which is one of the Branches of the Victualling Office. All perfect Bills for clearing Imprefts (except Imprefts iu Course, which are made out in the Office of the Accountant for Cash) are made out in his Office; the Persons entitled, bring to this Office stated Accounts of the Sums they have received and paid: These Accounts are delivered in upon Oath; they are first examined by one or more Clerks, then checked by himself, and laid before the Victualling Board: If approved of, he, by the Direction of the Board, makes out a perfect Bill for the whole Sum received by the Accountant; and if he has not expended the Whole, he is directed, by a Letter from the Board, to pay the Balance into the Hands of the Treasurer, which is clearing his Imprest. This Bill is then delivered to the Clerk for keeping the Charge upon the Treasurer.

Wm.

T. Anguish,

A.Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 17.

The Examination of Mr. John Smith; taken upon Oath, the 6th August 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk for keeping the Charge on the Treasurer of the Navy, and assigning Bills upon him for Payment; this is one of the Branches of the Victualling Office. It is his Business to keep an Account of all Money certified to be received by the Treasurer on the Head of the Victualling. When Money is paid to him from the Exchequer, his Cashter certifies to this Office the Sum received, distinguithing the Services to which it is allotted. When any of the Sums contained in that Part of the Voluntary Charge of the Treasurer, which consists of Money to be paid in, are directed by the Board to be paid to him, the Letter direCUng that Payment is brought to his Office, and there entered in a Book kept for the Purpose of entering the whole Voluntary Charge of the Treasurer; this Let* ter is signed by Three Commissioners, and sent to the Treasurer. Two other Heads of the Voluntary Charge are, Abatements from Bills, and, Imprefts cleared in other Tieafurerships. All Bills issued for the Victualling Service, are entered in a Register kept in the Office of the Accountant for Cash, and, except such clearing Bills as are sot brought for Assignment, are abstracted into an Assigning Book kept in this Office. Each Entry contains, amongst other Things, the Amount and the Abatements of all Kinds, one Kind of which is the Imprefts cleared; by these Means he comes at the Kno v ledge of every Article in the Voluntary Charge. The Payments directed by the Letters of the Board, are not always made to the Treasurerj but, that this Office may h ive Knowledge what Sums have been actually paid to bun,

iu

23 Geo. IIL $3° Januarii.

his Cashier makes out Two Accounts for every Month, of all his Receipts and Payments, which Accounts are sent to this Office; he makes out and gives in to the Victualling Board, a Monthly Account current of all the Receipts of the Treasurer and Alignments upon him for Payments, and Payments by him without Assignments, which Account is entered in a Book called The Monthly Account Book, kept for that Purpose in this Office, and is transmitted to the Navy Board. Before the Treasurer passes his Accounts, he fends to this Office his Voluntary Charge; that Part of it consisting of the Monies paid in, is examined with the Monthly Account Book, and the Abatements and Imprefts cleared, checked by the Voluntary Charge Book kept in the Office; it is then carried to the Board, signed by Three Commissioners, and delivered back to the Treasurer.

Upon a Final Account, the Treasurer fends to this Office his Account of Insupers. All Imprest Bills are entered in a Book called An Imprest Ledger, which is formed from the Assigning Book; by this Ledger the Insuper Account is examined, then sent to the Board, signed by Three Commissioners, and returned to the Treasurer.

John Smith.

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neace,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 18.

The Examination of Mr. Nathan Crmc; taken upon Oath, the 23d August 1782.

This Examinant faith. That he is Chief Clerk to the Commissioners of the Sick and Wounded. The Con trails for furnishing Provisions and Necessaries, are made by the Commissioners, and kept in their Office. The Bills and Accounts, with the Certificates of the proper Officers, that the Contracts have been performed, being received at this Office, are examined with the original Contracts, computed and call up by Two of the Clerks; after which the Bills for Payment are made out, and are entered in Two Books, one called The Lift Book, the other The Assigning Book, and sent to the Board to be signed by Two or more Commissioners, and then delivered to the Persons entitled.

A daily Lift of all the Bills assigned upon the Treasurer for Payment, is made out from the Lilt Book, and sent to him, that he may know the Demands upon him for that Service.

Before the Treasurer passes his Accounts, the Sections containing Entries of the Bills for the Sick and Wounded Service, are sent from the Navy Office to this Office, and examined with the Assigning Book; in which Book are then entered the Number of the Bill, and the Time it was paid; the Sections are marked as examined, and returned to the Navy Office.

If there is any Abatement from the Bill, it is discovered from the Entry in the Assigning Book; and the Sum abated is inserted in the Margin of the Entry of that Bill, in the Sick and Wounded Section.

Nat Craw.

T. Anguish,

A. Pigott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Vol. 3<X

Eighth Report on Public

N° 10« Accounts.

The Examination of George Swqffidd, Esquire,

Cashier of the Victualling in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, 28th,

30th August, and 3d September, 1782.

This Examinant faith, That, as Second in the Cashier’s Branch, he collected together all the Materials for the Account of Mr. George Grenville, as Treasurer of the Navy for the Year 1759, and transmitted what belonged to the Navy to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, the rest being transmitted by the First Clerk in the Victualling Branch. The whole Year’s Account of a Treasurer of the Navy is made out in the Three Branches of his Office, each Branch making out that Part which relates to them.

The First Parts of a Year’s Account that are made up and sent to the Auditors Office are, The Navy, The Victualling, and, Sick and Hurt Sections: The Entries in these Sections are of Two Dates in each Month, the 14th and the last Day of the Month. All Bills paid between the 1 ft and 14th are entered as paid on the 14th, and all paid between the 14th and the last Day are entered as paid on the last Day; these Two being the Periods on which the Treasurer certifies his Receipts and Payments to the Navy and Victualling Boards. These Entries are taken from and examined with the Bills themselves; after which the Navy and Sick and Hurt Sections are sent to the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, and the Victualling Sections to the Office of the Comptroller of the Victualling. When the Comptroller is ready for Examination, a Clerk from the Treasurer’s Office attends him with the original Sections and Bills, and all are examined together; after which the Originals are signed by the Board, and returned to the Treasurer, who fends them to the Auditor.

After the Sections containing the Payments by Bill , for the Year, are completed, the Abstracts are formed from the Office Copy of those Sections, and the Totals of the Abstracts must agree with the Totals of the Payments, as entered in the Books of the Office, and as certified Twice in every Month to the Navy and Victualling Boards; the Abstracts are then sent to the Auditors Office. The next Sections are, The Payments on Ships Books, Yards, Hospital Ships, Half Pay, and Sick Quarters; these Entries are taken from the full Books after they are made up, and signed by Three Commissioners of the Navy; after Examination, these Sections are sent to the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, and the Totals of the Payments are then added to the Abstract, and complete it.

The next Step is, the making out the Voluntary Charge: It consists of Imprefts in former Treasurer-ships cleared in the Time of the Account; these are entered in the Order of Time in which they are brought to the Office to be cleared; it consists likewise of Money received from* the Sale of Stores, and by Abatements from Bills and Books; these Articles are all taken from the Certificates of the Receipts and Payments made to the Boards, in which Certificates each Article is entered either from the Bills themselves, or from the Books of the Office. The Part of the Voluntary Charge which relates to the Pay Branch, is sent to the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, where it is examined; from thence it is returned to the Treasurer’s Office, and sent, together with that Part which relates to the Cashier’s Branch, to the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, where they are examined, then returned to the Treasurer’s Office, and a fair Copy made, which, after it is ligned by Three Commissioners, is sent to the Auditors Office. That Part which relates to the

S Victualling,

F.i-htl]

iie.ort on Publi Accounts.

66

230 Januarii.

d* 1783.

Victualling, is sent to that Branch of the Victualling Office for keeping a Charge upon the Treasurer, where it is examined, then returned to the Treasurer's Office, and a lair Copy made and sent back to the Victualling Office, to be signed by Three of those Commissioners; this Copy is then returned to the Treasurer, who makes another Copy, and fends both to the Navy Board; 'Three Commissioners of the Navy sign the Second Copy, and return it to the Treasurer, who fends that Copy to the Auditors Office. These Materials, with the extra Payments and Imprest Roll, form a complete Ledger of a Year's Account; of this Ledger there is an Original and Two Copies; the Oi iginal is generally that which is drawn from the Bills, and is signed by the Commissioners of the Navy, and sent to the Auditors Office; one Copy is preserved in the Treasurer s Office, the other in the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer's Accounts.

In a Final Account the Insuper Lift is taken from the Imprelt Ledger; the Names were formerly entered in the Lift in the Order of Time in which the Imprest Bills were paid, as entered in the Ledger; but now the Names arc entered upon the Lift alphabetically. This Lift is a nice and difficult Part of a Treasurer’s Account; it is at this Time very voluminous, and the making it out is attended with much Trouble to the Office. Though the Ship’s Books have generally been kept open for Twelve or Thirteen Years, yet the Entry in the Ledger, of the Sum paid to that Ship, is of the Year in which the First Payment was actually made. When less than the Money imprel'ted to any Person by a Treasurer is disbursed, and such Person conies to clear his Imprelt with that Treasurer, helias Credit given him in his Im-prest Account for the Amount of his clearing Bill; and the Balance, if not paid, is charged to that Person in the Treasurer’s Insuper Account; if paid, the Treasurer certifies it to the proper Board, and charges himself with it in his Account current; if, as sometimes happens, no Part is disbursed, but the Whole paid hack, he charges himself with the Whole. If more than the Sum im-prested has been disbursed, the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling, who settle the Account, make out a Bill upon the Treasurer for the whole Sum, including the Difference paid by the Accountant, and the Treasurer pays him such Difference, and takes Credit in his Account for the whole Bill, and the original Imprest Bill is cither delivered up to the Party or cancelled. The principal Cause of the Delay in making up a Treasurer’s Account, arises in the Pay Branch, from the Necessity of keeping open the Ships Books for the Purpose of paying upon them; the Account cannot be made up until the Ships Books are doled: One other Cause is, to give Persons an Opportunity of clearing their Imprefts, without which the Insuper Account would be very nume-

rous and voluminous: Another Cause of Delay has been, the same Officers and Clerks whose Bufincl's it is to make up the Accounts of former Treasurers, have been constantly employed in carrying on the Business of the Treasurer in Office, and therefore in Times of War they could not poffihly find sufficient Lcifure to attend to the old Accounts. In the Cashier’s Branch, and the Victualling Branch, where these Causes of Delay do not operate, the Accounts might be made up one Year under another.

Suafidd.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* A cave,

Sam‘ Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N" 20.

The Right honourable George Grenville, Treasurer of the Navy, his Account for One Y^ear, ending 31st December 17;,9, delivered to the Auditor in the following Order; viz'.

1763-

May 12th. 96 Navy Sections.

15 Sick and Wounded D°.

12 Receipts for Extra Payments.

1764.

February 2d. 64 Victualling Sections.

775-

May 30th. Voluntary Charge; Navy.

1780.

March 20th. 8 Sections of Gen1 Abstract of Navy.

1781.

Novemr 8th. Imprest Roll.

Decern' 12th. Voluntary Charge; Victualling.

Abltract of Ships Books: — Receipts of the Paymal'ter and Secretary to the Charity for the Relief of Poor Sea Officers Widows.

Chet Harris.

Auditor’s Office,

Scotland Yard,

19th July 1782.

<1

o

f*

CO

u>

N* 21. O

M

STATE of the Accounts of Treasurers of the Navy, now depending in the Office of the Right honourable Lord Sondes, one of the Auditors of His Majestys Imprest; with the Time ®

when the several Parts of the Accounts were respectively delivered in, and Observations on the Progress made towards completing the fame: Conformable to the Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 16th of August 1782.

D

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

n

UO

o

I.

Os.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O"

ro

Second Account, for a Year, ending the 31st of December 1766. 1768. February October 11 10 Received D*

Right honourable itichard Lord Viscount Howe. Fourth Account, of a Year, ending 31 ft of December 1768. 1770- March November 17 9 Received D#

Final Account, from lit of January to 18th March 1770. -

First Account, from the 19th March to the3ill December 1770. 1773-March 1774.]uly 26 2 Received D*

Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliott, Baronet Third Account, for a Year, ending the 31st of December 1772. 1774- November December 16 6 Received D*

Fifth Account, for a Year, ending the 31st December 177 4. 1778. July 1781. August 1 18 Received D*

Seventh Account, for a Year, ending the 31st of December 1776. 1779- May 1781. August 5 15 Received D*

Right honourable Welbort Ellis. Second Account, for a Year, ending the 31st of December 1778. 1780. July 10 Received D°

Fourth Account, for a Year, ending the 31st of December 1780. 1782. July 23 Received

96

82

59

78

66

112

92

69

Auditor's'Office, Lord Sondes, Scotland Yard, 27th August 1782.

os

00

F s-

18

14

The several Sections of these Accounts are under Examination.

No Part of this Account is yet delivered.

4

5

i 8

7

l

9

18

7 !

6

1 12

1 *5

10

1 15

1 2

_ Abstr* Vid*

The several Sections of these Accounts are under Examination.

I.

The Victualling Ledger, with the Abstract, being complete, is under Examination. The Navy Accounts are proceeded upon as the Vouchers are delivered.

Abstr*

via*

The Victualling Ledger, with the Abstract, being complete, is under Examination; no other Part of this Account is delivered.

M W$gSmrli}De

sj

oo

N* 22.

D

cq'

t — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

CO

<o

STATE of the Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy, now depending in the Office of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Mountstuart, one of the Auditors of his Majesty’s Imprefts; with the Time when the several Parts of the Accounts were respectively delivered in, and Observations on the Progreis made towaids compleating the fame: Conformable to the Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 16th August 1782.

23 Geo. III.

D

cn

r+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

ft

Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Ho

Right honourable Sir Gilbert Baronet

Right honourable Wtlbort Ft/is.

First Account from 9th August to 31st December 1765.

Third Account for One Year, to 31st December 1767.

Fifth Account for One Year, to 31st December 1769.

Second Account for One Year, to 31st December 1771.

Year, to 31st December 1773.

Sixth Account for One Year, to 31st December 1775.

*777-

ber 1777.

cember 1779.

1766. ' 16

December 3* Received 2 t

1769. 62

January 24 Received - 8

February 9 - 39 -

1771-

March 1773- 20 Received 92 7

January 28 - 63 -

*773-

June 1774- 21 Received 76

December 6 f - 100 - 7

1778.

July 1781. 29 Received m 27 -

August 1779- 15 m m 72 7

May 1781. 5 Received 24

August 15 - 61 - 5

; 1779-

June 17 Received - 20

1779-

1 June 1780. 17 Received 45

July 6 . t . 62 4

1781. 27 V

April 25 Received 97 - 15

August , 1782. 18 m 43

' July 1 23 " *

Auditor of Imprefts Office, 37th August 1782.

Phil. Deare, 1 Deputies to

Cha! Harris,} Lord Viscount Mountsluart.

9

9

22

>3 -

14 -

These Sections, which are complete for tlioie Services, *--1 for the Time of the Account, have been computed. Q

These Sections, which are complete for those Services, for the Time of the Account, have been computed, but cannot be further proceeded on, the General Abstr.iCls not being delivered.

The Sections of Navy, and Sick and Hurt, have been computed; the Victualling Sections are nearly so; they all ap)>ear complete for those Services for the Time of the Account, but cannot he proceeded on for the Reason Hated above.

These Sections are complete for those Services, for the Time of the Account, and have been computed, except Four of the Sick and Hurt, which are under Examination.

These Sections are complete for those Services, for the Time of the Account, but only a small Part of them are computed.

These Sections are complete for those Services, for the Time of the Account, but no Part of them are computed.

These Sections are not computed.

7

G.

These Sections, which are complete for those Services for the Time of the Accounts, are under Computation; and the General Abstract of the Victualling has been compared with the Ledger.

21

- G.

1

These Sections, which are complete for those Services for the Time of the Account^ are not yet computed.

Nothing beyond the Computation of the several Sections in the Accounts above-mentioned (with an Exception, so far as concerns Mr. Grenville’s Account, which is finithed; the first of Lord Howe, and the first of Mr. Ellis, the Victualling Parts of which may be drawn) can be done by the Auditor, until the Abstracts and Vouchers left blank in various Columns, are delivered, and which have been repeatedly called for by Letters dated 17th October 17 & 1,18th January and 25th June, 1782,

23 0 Jamarii. A.\ 783

*3 Geo. III. ^3° Januarii. 71

N* 23.

The Examination of Mr. Adam taken

upon Oath, the 21ft, 22d, 23d, 24th, 29th ber, and 5th November, 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is First Clerk in the Pay Branch in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy. He is new employed in paying the Officers and Sea* men at the Pay Office in; he formerly paid

them at the Yards and Out Ports. The Wages of an able Seaman are One Pound Four Shillings per Month, which is a Part of the Four Pounds per Month per Man voted by Parliament for the Maintenance of the Seamen. Out of thefo Wages there are Two constant Deductions or Abatements: One Shilling under the Title of The Chest; which is divided into Three Parts; Six Pence paid to the Chest at Chatham, for Hurt and Difebled Seamen, Four Pence to the Chaplain, and Two Pence to the Surgeon; if no Chaplain or Surgeon, these Sums fink into the Chest at Chatham: This Deduction of One Shilling is made also out of every Month’s Wages of every Warrant and Petty Officer. The other Deduction is Six Pence to Greemvich Hospital; this Six Pence is likewise deducted out of every Month’s Pay of every Commissioned, Warrant, and Petty Officer. Besides these, there are other casual Deductions made from their Wages at the Time they are paid; as, for Slops, Beds, and Tobacco, fumished them by the Purler; for Venereal Cures by the Surgeon; the Two Months Advance, and Sums remitted either from Abroad, or at the Pay of the Ship; for Cloaths of dead Men purchased by them, or Cloaths received at Sick Quar* ters; and for NegleCk, which is Two Shillings and Six Pence for not attending the Muster, and Fines hnposed for Offences; all of which go to the Chest at Chatham. From the Wages of the Marines there are Two Deductions; for the Necessaries, that is, Cloath* ing supplied them by their Officers; and Stoppages, that is. One Penny a Week from the Private Men, and Three Halfpence a Week from the Corporal and Drummer, and Two Pence from the Serjeant, besides the like casual Deductions as are made from the Seamen: And from all Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Three Pence in the Pound for the Widows Pensions. For each of these Deductions there is a Column in every Ship’s Book.

The Governors of the Chest at Chatham receive Mopey from Time to Time by Imprest Bills, and make up their Accounts yearly with the Treasurer, after the Ships Books of that Year are made up; for until all the Ships Books of the Year are doled, it cannot appear what Sum they are entitled to from each Ship. The Four Pence is paid to the Chaplain, and the Two Pence to the Surgeon, by the Treasurer’s Paymaster, as soon as they severally apply for them after a Ship is paid, upon ProduChon of their Certificates; and each gives a Receipt for it upon the Ship’s Book. The Payments to Greenwich Hospital are made by the Paymaster, on Account; and after all the Ships Books opened in a Treasurership are finally closed, the Account is made up with the Hospital. The Sum Total of the Three Pence in the Pound upon all the Ships Books paid in the Year ending the 31st of May, is paid by the Treasurer every Year to foe Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, and his Receipt is the Treasurer’s Voucher. The Marine Stoppages are deducted, but have not been paid by the Treasurer; they remain at present as Part of the general Cash applicable to the Service of the Navy. In every Ship’s Book there are Eighteen Columns for Defalcations; of which Four are certain, The Chest, The Hospital, The Three Pence in the Pound, and, The Marine Stoppages; the other Fourteen are casual. The Surgeon is allowed Fifteen Vol. 39.

Shillings for every Venereal Cure of a Seaman; which Eighth Sum is entered in a Column in the Ship's Book, and is Report a Defalcation from his Wages at the lime he is paidi °u This Deduction is made pursuant to an Order of foe Ae#oun Board of Admiralty in the Year 1756, before which it was One Pound Ten Shillings a Cure.

For every Ship, Five Books are made out in foe Ship by the Captain’s Clerk, assisted by the Purser; they are sent to the Navy Board, signed by the Captain, Purser, Master, and Boatswain, and with the Columns of Defalcations are filled up, except those for the Chest, Hospital, Sums remitted at the Pay of the Ship, Three Pence in the Pound, Marine Stoppages, and Neglect; the First Five Columns are all filled up at the Time each Person is psud; the Column for Neglects is filled up from the Muster Book of the Clerk of the Check, and by the Direction of the Navy Board, as to the Fines, previous to the Payment. Two of these Books are sent to the Office of foe Comptroller of the Navy, One to the Ticket Office, and Two to the Treasurer; of the Two First, One is for the Commissioner who controls the Payment, the other for the Comptroller’s Clerk who attends it.

The Ship is laid to be paid upon that Day in which the Book is first opened for Payment; after that Day it remains in the Office for the Purpose of paying Recalls, which is done every Week. Previous to the Day of Payment, several Persons are paid the Wages they are entitled to upon this Book. Officers are paid by the Treasurer their annual personal Pay, upon Application to the Navy Office, and their own and their Servants full Pay, upon Application to the Admiralty. The Names of the Persons thus paid are entered upon Lifts, in the same Manner, and with the same Circumstances, as they are entered upon the Ship’s Book; these Lids are, by a late Regulation of the Navy Board, to be the Vouchers for the nett Sums paid by the Trea-forer; if the same or any other Treasurer afterwards pays that Book, he is allowed the Defalcations only. Where Men are turned over to another Ship, a List of them, similar to the Entries in the Ship’s Books, is made out in the Ship, and sent to the Pay Office where they are paid; this Lift is also to be a Voucher for the Treasurer. Where the Men are become unserviceable, or are dead, either their Names are entered upon a List, or Tickets are made out for each Individual, and these Lifts and Tickets are assigned by the Navy Board upon foe Treasurer for Payment, and are his Vouchers. All these several previous Payments are marked off the' Ship's Book, as paid by Lift by such a Treasurer before the Day of Payment, to prevent the Sums being Twice paid. The Day of Payment is endorsed upon the Book, and no Date is affixed to the Names of the Persons paid upon that Day; but if paid upon a Recall, foe Day is added, and the Name of foe Person to whom paid. A Mode exactly similar is pursued in the Payment of Ships at the Out Ports. When the Book is finally made up (and the Books of the Year 1775 are now making up) the Columns of Defalcations opposite foe Names of those Persons who are not paid; are then filled up, and the Total of the Defalcations entered in the Column of Full Wages; each Column is cast up to a Total. The Treasurer, whose Book it is, is allowed the Total Sum in the Column of Full Wages, and makes himself Debtor, in his Voluntary Charge, for so much of the Defalcations as he has not paid; for the Residue he produces Receipts.

The Books belonging to one Ship are all made up together, and remain in the several Offices. After the Book is finally closed, Persons who remain unpaid must apply to the Navy Board for their Wages: The Board reters to the Ship's Book in the Ticket Office, and orders them to be entered upon the Lift of Arrears; which is a Book that contains the Names of all persons

who

Eighth Report on Public Account*

7 2 i%c ^Jamarii. A. 1783.

who have been paid by a Treasurer after, the Books of the Ships to which they belonged have been finally closed. This Book is the Voucher for that Treasurer for all those Payments.

When Money is wanted for the Payment of Ships and carrying on Recalls, at the Pay Office of the Treasurer in London^ the First; Clerk in the Pay Branch applies to the Paymaster, and receives from him a Draft upon the Bank for the Money wanted. Every Month the First Clerk makes up an Account of all his Payments during that Month, and in that Account enters the nett Sum paid in that Month to each Ship. A Commissioner attends, and controls the Payment, with Two Clerks of the Treasurer’s Office, One from the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, another from that Branch of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’# Accounts called The Ticket Office. A similar Account is made up by each of these Four Clerks, to check each other, and prevent Mistakes; this Account is entered in a Book in the Treasurer's Office, kept for the Purpose of entering the Clerks Payments; it is also entered in the Ledgers kept in the Offices of the Treasurer and Comptroller of the Navy.

The'Comptroller’s Clerk at every Out Port fends to the Navy Board every Week, an Account of the Payments made by the Treasurer’s Clerk at that Port; by these Returns the Navy Board have Knowledge of the Balance of Cash remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer’s Clerks there: When but little remains, the Navy Board fend a Minute to the Treasurer, requiring him to fend a certain Sum to that Out Port, for the Purpose of paying the Ships, and carrying on Recalls; the Treasurer fends down to the Port the Sum required, in Calli and Bank. The Treasurer’s Clerk fends up to the Paymaster a Weekly Account of the Payments, similar to that sent up by the Comptroller’s Clerk. Every Month the Comptroller’s Clerk, the Treasurer’s Clerk, and the Ticket Office Clerk, each fends up a particular Account of the Payments during that Month; in which Account is specified the nett Sum paid to each Ship in that Time: This Account of Payments may be made up by every Pay Clerk, upon any given Day; and the Balance of Cadi in his Hands may, upon any Alteration of the Treasurer, be placed to the Account of the succeeding Treasurer.

Four Times in the Year, or oftener, the Clerk of the Check in every Yard, fends to the Navy Board an Account of what is due to that Yard since the last Payment. As soon as the Treasurer has received Money from the Exchequer for paying the Yards, the Navy Board lend to him Estimates of a Quarter’s Wages due to the several Yards, and direct him to fend Money to each Yard for the Payment of those Wages. The Yard Books are made up every Quarter, loon after the Payment. The same Clerks are employed, and the like Number of Books is used, in the Payment of the Yards as in the Payment of the Ships, and they are sent up every Quarter to the respective Offices. The Hospital Shi[.s are paid at the same Time, and in like Manner, with the Yards, and out of the same Money. The Sick Quarters are paid by the Sick and Hurt Board, by Bill assigned upon the Treasurer for Payment. The Half Pay Lift is paid every Half Year, in; after

Money is issued to the Treasurer for that Purpose, public Notice is given of the Time of Payment; this Lift is kept open for paying Claims, until the Ships Books of that Year are closed. -When this Lift is made up, the Treasurer is allowed the Total Sum in the full Column, which includes the Three Pence in the Pound upon the Sums not paid, as well as paid; which Three Pence in the Pound upon the Amount of the total Half Pay, is appropriated to the Payment of the Widows Pensions, and is paid every Year to the Paymaster of 06

that Bounty, together with the Three Pence in the Pound upon all the Ships and Yard Books paid during that Year, for which he gives a Receipt. After the Yard Books and the Half Pay Lift; are made up, the Claims are paid on Lists of Arrears, similar to those by which the Claims on Ships are paid.

T. Anguish, Adam, Jcllicoc.

A. Piggott,

Sard Beuchcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 24.

The Examination of Mr. John; taken

upon Oath, the 30th of October, ift and 5th November, 1782.

This Examinant feilh. That he has been employed, for near Twenty-five Years, as a Clerk in the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts at Ports- ' mouth; and has been returned from thence about a Month.

It has been a Part of his Business to attend the Payment of the Ships; the First Payment is usually made on Board the Ship, and the Recalls afterwards, Two Days in every Week, and generally at the Pay Office on Shore. Portsmouth is the principal Port where Ships are paid.

A Commissioner, with Two Clerks from the Treasurer’s Office, One from the Comptroller’s, and One from the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, attend every Payment, whether it be the First Payment or of Recall, with each a Ship’s Book; frequently a Third Clerk, from the Treasurer's Branch, attends, for the Purpose of making out Bills for Remittances. In Three of thele Books, that is, in One kept by the Treasurer’s Clerk, and in the Two kept by the Clerks of the Comptroller of the Navy and Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts, the same Entries are made of the Circumstances of every Payment: In the Commissioner’s Book is entered the Sum paid, when, and to whom; no other Ul’e is made of this Book. In the Second Book, kept by the Treasurer’s Clerk who pays the Money, is entered only the nett Sum paid; this Book is used at the First Payment only; and is of no other Use.

After a Ship is paid, and Claimants apply for Wages due to them from that Ship, a List of these Claimants is sent from the Siiip on which they are on board to the Pay Office; this Lilt contains the Names of the Ships, and of the Men, and the Years they served on board; it is examined with the Books in the Office, and the Number upon the Books set down upon the Lift opposite to the Name of each Person; but where the Ships named in the Lift have been paid at other Ports, Application is made by the Pay Clerks to the Office at those Ports, for Extracts from the Books there. Extracts of those Persons who have a Right to be paid, and the Objections to the others, are lent from those Ports; each Extract is a Copy of every Particular relating to that Man, taken from the Book of that Ship from which he claims the Wages. An Account of these Extracts is entered in an Extract Book, with the Names of every Person ranged alphabetically; besides which, the Extract relative to each Person is entered at large in a Quarterly Account kept -for each Port. The Lift is returned to the Ship, so corrected by the Ship's Books and by the Extracts, as to inform the Captain what Men, entered upon that Lift, he may fend on Shore to be paid. At the Time of Payment, each Person is paid upon the Book of the Ship he belongs to, or upon the Extract; his Wages are calculated; his full Wages, and the usual Defalcations, are entered in their proper Columns; his nett Wages are paid him, and the Day of Payment, and to whom paid, entered opposite to his Name.

In

4 3 Geo. 111.

43* Januarii.

n

In order to enable the Officers at the other Ports to set off the Particulars of each Payment upon the Ships Books in their Possession, an Account of Extrafib is lent back every Quarter to the several Ports; when there js not Time to wait for the Return of these Extracts, Notice is given to the Captain what Persons entered upon that Lift can be paid, and he (ends them to the Office under the Care of a Commissioned Officer. The general Method now in Use of paying Recalls, is by these Lifts. No Lists of Arrears are at present paid at the Out Ports, they are paid at the Pay Office in London, where all the Ships Books are made up. But if Payments upon the Ships Books were to cease upon the Resignation of a Treasurer, the Claimants upon these Buoks must be then paid at the Out Ports, by a List of Arrears; this would increase the Business at the Out Ports, and at the Pay Office in London. There must be Three Copies at least of the Lift of Arrears at each Pay Office; the Ship’s Book must be examined; into each of those Lifts must be tranl'cribed the Entry of every Particular of a Claimant, as he stands upon that Ship’s Book} he will then be paid upon the Lift, and Entries must be made upon the Lift in like Manner as Entries are now made if paid upon the Book; but a Notation must be made upon the Ship’s Book, of his being entered and paid upon that Lift of Arrears, to prevent Overpayments. No other Inconvenience, arising from this Mode of Payment by a List of Arrears, at present occurs to him, except the Impediment that such an Increase would occasion to the carrying on the Business at the Pay Offices.

He has known the Number of Men contained upon the Books of a First Rate amount to One thousand Five hundred Eighty-six.

Payments are now making upon the Books of Four Treasurers: One hundred Thirty-four paid by Sir Gilbert Elliot, One thousand Four hundred Forty-two by Mr. Ellis, One hundred Seventy-four by Colonel Barri, and Forty-six by Mr. Dundas, amounting together to One thousand Seven hundred Ninety-six, are now open for Payment.

J. Hunter.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam/ Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 25.

The Examination of Mr. Edward Falkingham; taken upon Oath, the 7th, 8th, and 12th November 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Second Clerk in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, in that Branch that relates to the Payment of Seamen’s Wages. In this Office, an Account is kept of all Payments to Officers and Seamen by the Treasurer. This Office is a Check upon the Treasurer in all Payments made to Officers and Seamen, in, Sea Pay; to all Officers and Artificers in the Dock Yards; and to Officers and Men borne on the Ships out of Commission at each Port. In all Payments of Ships and Yards, the Calculations are made by Three Clerks from the different Offices, upon Three Books out of the Five; and the Treasurer’s Clerk does not pay until the Three agree.

He was employed as a Pay Clerk at Portsmouth from October 1757 to June 1761, which was in the Midst of the last War; he has been employed ever since in the Pay Office in London, in making up the Treasurer’s Accounts.

If the Ships Books paid by a Treasurer were to be doted as soon as he goes out of Office, the Payments now made by Recalls must then be made by Lists of Vol. 39.

Arrears; it would be necessary to have at every Port Eighth an extrafited Lift of Arrears, in which the Ships are Report to be ranged alphabetically, and opposite the Name of each Ship should be entered, in a Column for that Ptlr-pose, the Name of the Treasurer by whom the Book was paid, and in another Column the Place where the Ship’s Book is; this will distinguish the extracted Lift of Arrears from the Lift of Arrears now paid upon at the Pay Office in London after the Books are made up; Payments may then be made upon these extracted Lifts at the Ports, in the same Manner, and with the like Entries, as are now made upon the present Lift of Arrears at the Pay Office. This Lift will be, at the Beginning of a Treasurerffiip and for some Months after, very voluminous, as all Claims now paid on Ships Books, by all Treasurers out of Office, whose Accounts are not closed, must then be paid by the Treasurer in Office. But in one Species of Payment this Method is impracticable, without great Inconvenience.

When a Ship is ordered to be paid off, usually the Cook, or some other Person of that Ship, is paid uport a certain Day, at the Office of that Port where the Book is ordered by the Navy Board; and upon that Day the Ship is put out of Commission, and the Pay of the Commissioned Officers and Seamen ceases; that Day is the Pay Day of the Ship. When the Captain has, in consequence of Orders from the Admiralty, discharged his Men to other Ships, he makes an Entry in the Ship’s Book against the Name of each Man, and to what Ship he is discharged; the Captain of which Ship applies to the Commissioner at the Port where he is, for the Payment of the Men thus turned over to him j he applies sometimes in a few Days after the Pay Day, and sometimes not until Six Months afterwards, or longer, as Circumstances may happen. The' Commissioner, with the Pay Clerks and Ship’s Books, go on board that Ship, and pay the Men, not by Lift but upon that Ship's Book, and endorses upon it the Day of Payment of those Men; if they are paid within a Month after the First Payment, they are not considered as Recalls, but certified as Part of the Monthly Payments: Suppose a Treasurer was to resign his Office between the First Pay Day and the Day of the Payment of the Men turned over, the Payment of the whole Crew must in that same be by a List of Arrears, which would retard the Business so much, as in many Cafes to prevent the Sailing of the Ship within the Time required. It often happens that the Men thus turned over are, before they are paid, dispersed amongst other Ships, the Captains of which make the like Application to tire Pay Office at the Port where they are, for the Payment of them; and such Men are paid in the like Manner upon the Ship's Books. Six Months are, as he apprehends, sufficient Time for the keeping open the Pay Books for the Purpose of such Payments.

This Practice of turning over the Men, is seldom pursued in Time of Peace; but in one Branch of the Business it will save much Trouble. At this Time, every Month the Three Pay Clerks at each of the Three Ports, and those employed in the Payments in London, return to their respective Offices an Account of the Payments made by Recalls upon the several Ships Books in the Treasurerships of Mr. Ellis and Colonel Barrb, as well as of the Payments and Recalls made by the Treasurer in Office. These Accounts comprehend the Total Sums paid during that Month upon each Ship’s Book; from these Returns, the Paymaster of the Navy makes out Three Monthly Certificates, which contain the Total Sums paid during that Month by each Treasurer, upon every Ship's Book; the Names of which Ships are ranged alphabetically. In the Month of August last, these Certificates from the Four Places of Payment to the different Offices were Twelve, Three from each Place. Mr. Ellis's Certificates con-

U tained

A. 1785

a;® Janmrii.

Eighth Report on Public Accounts

tained the Payments of Recalls upon Three hundred and Fifty-two Ships, which amounted to Fifteen ihou-sand Four hundred and Seventy Pounds; Mr. Harris Certificate contained the Payments of Recall upon One hundred and Ten Ships, and amounted to Twenty tbaulaod One hundred Fifty-five Pounds: Had these Payments been made by extracted Lists of Arrears, they would have been all made by the Treasurer in Office, and there would have been Four Returns ooly,

each containing one Sum, being the Amount of all the Payments of Recall at, each Place. A separate Account is now kept of the Payments of the Recalls upon each Ship, that such Payments may be posted in the . Ledger, to the Account of the Ending of each Ship’s Book; for as many Accounts are kept in the Ledger for every Ship, as there are Books open for the Payment of that Ship; but when a Book is doled, the Account of that Book is doled, and the subsequent Payments of Claims upon that Ship’s Book are not placed to the Account of the Ship, but entered in the Account of the Lift of Arrears; and in the Final Account of the Treasurer, he has Credit in one Article for the Total Sum paid by him upon that Lift during his whole Treasurership.

T. Anguish, Palkingham.

A. Piggott,

RichiNeave,

Sam1 Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N® 26.

The further Examination of Mr. William taken upon Oath, the 13th November 1782.

This Examinant faith, That if the Ships Books paid by a Treasurer of the Navy were to be closed upon his Resignation, and all the future Payments were to be made upon Lists of Arrears, it would be attended with the following Inconveniencies: It would be a great Obstruction to the Payments in London; the Name and all the Circumstances of every Person applying, as they stand upon the Ship’s Book, must be extraded into the Lift of Arrears; this takes up Time, and will retard the Payments. There will likewise be a Difficulty in the Payment of Defalcations; at present, the Treasurer calculates from the Ship’s Book what may be the probable Amount of each Defalcation, and pays the Persons entitled Sums upon Account; what the real Amount is cannot be known until the Book is made up, and then he discharges himself of the Sums he has paid for Defalcations, by the Receipts of the Persons entitled; and if he has not paid the Whole, what remains he charges himself with in his Voluntary Charge, and that is paid by the Treasurer in Office, by a Defalcation Lift. This Lift will be much increased; for many of the Defalcations now paid by the Treasurer out of Office, whilst his Ship’s Book continues open, mult then be paid by the Treasurer in Office. Upon this Lift, whatever remains due for a Defalcation, cannot be paid to the Person entitled, until the Voluntary Charge of the Treasurer for that Year is made up; and the kit Voluntary Charge of a Treasurer which is made up, is for the Year 1762. At the End of a War, when the Seamen are paid off, the Applications for Wages are very numerous, and the Time taken up in extracting from the Ships Books into the Lift of Arrears, w ould then retard the Payments.

JV. Paynter.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich ‘Neave,

Sam'Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 27.

Extra©: of the Copy of an Inquisition, taken at Rochester, in the Fifteenth Year of James the First, before Commissioners of Charitable Uses, appointed to enquire into the State of the Fund belonging to the Chest at Chatham.

It appeared, That in the Year of our Lord God One thousand Five hundred and Ninety, the Right honourable Charles Earl of Nottingham, then and yet Lord High Admiral of England, and the then principal Officers of the Navy Royal of the said late Queen, and divers well-dil’posed Mailers, Mariners, Shipwrights, and Sea-faring Men, then serving in the Ships and Sea Affairs of the said late Queen’s Majesty, finding by Experience that by frequent Employment at Sea, for die Defence of this Kingdom and other the Dominions of the said late Queen, divers and sundry of the said Mailers, Mariners, Shipwrights, and Sea-faring Men, by Reason of Hurts and Maims received in that Service, were driven into great Poverty, Extremity, and Want, to their great Discouragement in the Performance of their laid Service, the great Prejudice and Hindrance of the said Service itself: Therefore, and to the Intent that Remedy might be had for the said several Mischiefs, and a perpetual Relief provided for l'uch as shall be hurt or maimed in the said Service of the said late Queen, and of her Heirs and Successors for ever, the said Mailers, Mariners, Shipwrights, and Sea-faring Men then employed in the said Service of the said late Queen, did then, by the Incitement, Persuasion, Approbation, and Good-liking of the Right honourable the said Lord Admiral, and of then principal Officers of the Navy, voluntarily and partably give and bellow, and consent to have defeulked out of their Monthly Entertainments, divers Sums of Money (that is to say) out of the Wages of every Mariner, Seaman, and Shipwright, receiving Ten Shillings by the Month, or more, for his Wages, the Sum of Six Pence for every Month; out of the Wages of every Grommet receiving Seven Shillings and Six Pence by the Month for his Wages, the Sum of Four Pence for every Month; awl out of the Wages of every Boy receiving Five, Shillings by the Month for his Wages, the Sum of Three Pence for every Month: And that it was then also established, ordered, and conlcnted unto by all the said Parties before-mentioned, that the like Defalcations, Allowances, and Deductions should, from Time to Time for ever, be made, to the Intent and Purpose abovesaid, and should be employed for and towards the Relief and Maintenance of such hurt and maimed Mariners, Ship Carpenters, and Seamen, as then did, or thereafter should forve in the Ships of the said late Queen’s Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or in any other Ship or Vessel serving the State of this Kingdom, either at Sea of in Harbour, to be distributed at the Discretion of the Mailers, Attendant Master, Shipwrights, Boati'wains, and Purlers of the Navy Royal for the Time being, or Lome of every the said several Sorts and Ranks from Time to Time, as Cause shall require, and by the Oversight of the principal Officers of the Navy, for the Time being, or iome of them. And that the Overplus of the said several Sums of Money defaulked and retained «3 aforesaid, should be preserved until further Occasion, in a ttrong Chelt with Five Locks, to that Purpose specially appointed, whereof the Five Keys were to he kept as followeth; (that is to lay) One by One principal Officer of the Navy, another by a Master Attendant, another by a Master Shipwright, another by a Boat-swain, and the other by a Purser of the said Navy Royal for the Time being, and lb to remain for One 04 whole

23 Geo. III. 33* yannum. 75

whole Year; end at the End of every Year, to be delivered by each of the said several Officers to One other Officer of the same Place and Rank, with whom the fiune Keys were Severally to remain for the Year then next following, and so to continue perpetually in Succession as aforesaid: And that the Purser appointed to keep the Key belonging to that Place and Rank should, for that Year that he should so keep the said Key, execute the Office of Clerk of the Chest, and keep the Accounts of all the Monies received and paid within the: said Year to the said charitable Use, and alto of all such Sums of Money as should be from thence issued to the Intent and Purpose aforesaid: And that the said charitable and voluntary Contribution and Gift hath ever fioce continued, and been defaulked and retained, according to the said Institution by the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for the Time being, or his or their Clerk, or such as have been intruded therewith; a great Part whereof bath been charitably and orderly distributed at several Times, for the Relief of such as have been hurt or maimed in the said Service, according to the said charitable and godly Institution.

N* 28.

Navy Office, 2ift November 1782.

Gent.

In return to your Requisition, signified in Mr. Molle-sons Letter of this Day, we acquaint you that the Records of this Office have been carefully examined, as for back as July 1685, the earliest Period found herein, to ascertain the Authority for allowing the Chaplains Four Pences, and Surgeons Two Pences, out of the Shilling abated for the Chest, without being able to find it One Shilling was charged in the Chest Column, and abated at the above Period.

We are, Gent

Your most humble Servants,

Cha' Middleton, J.

Geo. Marsh.

Commissioners for Accounts. Geo. Rogers.

N* 29.

Admiralty Office, 3d September 1696.

Gent.

Whereas by a late Act of Parliament it is directed, among other Things, that Six Pence per Mensem shall be stopt out of the Wages of all Seamen serving in His Majesty’s Ships (as well as those in the Service of Merchants) which Money so deducted is to be employed for Support of the Hospital building at Greenwich, for the Relief of disabled Seamen and their Children, and also the Widows and Children of such Seamen as shall happen to be llain, killed, or drowned in the Sea Service: We do therefore hereby desire and direct you to cause to be deducted from each Seaman which shall serve in His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, Six Pence per Month out of their Wages accordingly; taking Care that the said Deductions do commence from the Beginning of the last Sessions of Parliament, according to the Act. And whereas ’tis intended by the said Act, that for the Encouragement of such Seamen who shall from Time to Time voluntarily register themselves, an Addition of Six Pence per Mensem shall be made to their present Wages: You are to take particular Care to make such an additional Allowance to all such Seamen which the Commissioner of the Registry shall certify to you have fegiftered themselves, and to no others whatsoever. You are to cause the Treasurer of the Navy to pay into Vox.. 39.

the Hands of the Treasurer of the Hospital at Greenwich, all such Sums of Money as shall be deducted out of the Seamen’s Wages as aforesaid, whose Receipt he is to take for the fame; and that the said Treasurer of the Navy do make the said Payments as the Commissionef of the Registry shall desire it, to whom he is to fend Certificates Monthly of what shall be collected for the said Hospital, expressing therein the Ship’s Names, and Sums deducted for each Ship; which Certificates you are to cause to be examined at the Ticket Office, as often as the Commissioner of the Registry shall desire, for the better preventing any Mistakes in that Affair.

And whereas ’tis provided for in the aforesaid Act of Parliament, that such and so many public Officers, for the registering Persons for Sea Service, shall be kept at the Charge of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: We have therefore, according as you proposed, directed the Commissioners for that Affair, to prepare and transmit to us an Estimate of the Yearly Charge of every particular Branch of their Office. So we remain

Your affectionate Friends, Copy. Geo. Marsh. Rich,

G. Rooke,

Navy Board.

N* 30.

Extract of His Majesty’s Commission for establishing a Charity for Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, dated 30th August 1732.

' /

We do ordain, direct, and appoint, That from and after the Date of these Our Letters Patent, for and towards the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of our Royal Navy, Three Pence in the Pound be abated and deducted from the personal Pay and Half Pay of all Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Masters, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Purlers, and Surgeons belonging to our Royal Navy; and also from all such Pensions as from and after the Date of these Our Letters Patent shall be granted upon the ordinary Estimate of the Navy to any such Officers from whose Pay or Half Pay any such Deductions shall have been made before the granting such Pensions respectively.

N* 31.

Admiralty Office, 29th September 1732.

Gent.

His Majesty having been pleased, by his Commission, bearing Date the 30th of August palt, to establish a Society of Persons for the Reliet of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Navy, and to direct, that from the Date of the said Commission Three Pence in the Pound shall he abated and deducted from the Personal Pay and Half Pay of all Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Masters, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Pursers and Surgeons, belonging to the Navy, and also from all such Pensions as shall he granted upon the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy to any such Officers from whole Pay or Half Pay any such Deductions shall have been made before the granting such Pensions respectively; We do herewith lend you an attested Copy of the said Commission, and desire and direct you to cause the said Abatements and Deductions to be made accordingly; which are to remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, who is to he

accountable

Eighth Report on Public Actouau.

Eighth Report on Public Account*.

7 6 ^3° Jamarii. A. 1783.

accountable for the same to the Governors of the said Society, according to the Tenor of the Commission.

We are,

Your affefilionate Friends,

Copy.

Cha.

Geo. Marsh. Tho‘ Frankland.

Navy Board.

N* 32.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Whereas we intend that the following Stoppages, which are accustomed to be made in His Majesty’s Land Forces, and One Half of the Amount whereof is allowed to the Paymasters in their several Regiments, for their Charge, Care and Trouble, and the other. Half to the Surgeons, for providing Medicines, shall be made from the Pay of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Marine Forces; viz.

From each — Serjeant - - - Two Pence.

Corporal - - - Three Halfpence.

Drummer - - Ditto.

Private Man - One Penny.

And that One Half the Amount of the said Stoppages shall be allowed to the Deputy Paymasters of the Marine Head Quarters; each Paymaster to receive the same for all the Companies of the Division he belongs to, which he has the Care of; out of which they are to pay an Allowance of Three Pence per Day per Company, to such Officers as shall be appointed to take the Companies into their Charge, and to receive their Subsistence Weekly from the Deputy Paymasters, and to pay the same to the Men; the said Deputy Paymasters are to keep the rest of the said Half to their own Use, in Consideration of the Lois they sustain by Remittance, and for their Care and Pains: And we having directed the said Stoppages to be made from the Effectives on Shore by the Paymaster and his Deputies, we do hereby desire and direct you, to cause the like Stoppages to be made from the Sea Pay of all Non commissioned Officers and private Marines who serve on Ship-board, and to cause the same to be paid to the Paymaster of the Marines, in order to his distributing One Half of this same to his Deputies at the several Head Quarters accordingly; the other Half of all the said Stoppages the Paymaster is to charge himself with, and be accountable for.

And whereas Mr. Adair, the Paymaster, has repre-fented, that many of the Marines who have served on board His Majesty’s Ships have been supplied with Slops when in want of them, and their Commanding Officers have drawn Bills for the same on him, or his Deputies, at the Head Quarters; which Providing not being regular, he could not pay the said Bills: But whereas it seems necessary that their Bills should be discharged, if there does not appear to have been any Thing fraudulently intended thereby, we have accordimily directed him to pay them, and do hereby desire and direct you to allow of the same in his Accounts, upon his producing to you the Accounts from the Officers who drew the Bills, of the Names of the Men supplied, the Slops furnished to each, with proper Receipts for the Money; which you are to take Care to have charged against the Men’s Names respectively, upon the Books of such Ships as have already come to your Office, and upon any others which shall hereafter arrive there. And in order to clear Marines

who have fefved on board His Majesty’s Ships, and been re-lauded and discharged from them, and thereby enable the Deputy Paymaster to comply with the present Regulations, by lending with the said Men, when they re-embark, the Charge to be made against them on the Books of the Ships they may go on. board, you are to cause Pay Lifts to be made out as soon as pof-lible for such Marines, so far as the Ship’s Books already received will admit you to do so; and cause the like to be done from Time to Time as other Books-(hall arrive; and where any Sea Pay shall appear thereon to be due to any of the said Marines, to cause the same to be forthwith paid: But where any of the Men, instead of appearing to have any Sea Pay due to them, shall be found to be in Debt, in such same you are to cause a State thereof to be immediately dtlivered to the Paymaster, in order to his transmitting the same to his Deputies at the Head Quarters, to enable them to make a due Charge against the Men, upon their re-embark:ng as aforesaid. And whereas many Inconveniencies and great Prejudice to the Service may attend the paying of Marines, at the Payment of His Majesty's Ships, the Whole of Sea Pay that may be then due to them, as by that Means many will fall into Debauchery, Iquander their Money, and probably make away with their Arms and Cloathing, and in consequence either desert, acquire Diseases, or come to Quarters naked, and without any Friend to supply their Wants; in order therefore to prevent these Evils, we do hereby desire and direct you, whenever you pay the Company of any of His Majesty’s Ships which has had Marines on board, never to pay the Whole that may be due to such Marines, but pay them only to a certain Time, leaving a few Months unpaid, until they shall be again ordered to Sea, as a Fund for fitting them at such Time with all proper Necessaries; and you are never to let them be paid any Wages at all, unless One or more Marine Officers shall be present at such Payment, to preserve Order, take Care of the Men, and condufit them to Quarters. Givea under our Hands, 2d November 1756.

Anson,

By Command of their Lordships, Duncannon,

J. Cleveland.

A Copy.

Geo. Marsh.

N* 33.

Admiralty Office, 9th April 1756.

Gent.

Having taken into Consideration the great Charge upon Seamen, and others serving in the Fleet, for Cure of Venereal Distempers, and that the same hath not the designed Effects of punishing the Men to such a Degree as to prevent their running the Rilijue of getting those Distempers; and being well informed that the Expence for Medicines is very little on such Occasions; it appears to us that Fifteen Shillings from a Seaman, or Marine, will be a reasonable Allowance for the Cure of such Infection, and that it is all’o as much as the Wages of either can well bear; We do therefore hereby desire and direct you to cause the Sum of Fifteen Shillings only to be abated from the Wages of any Seaman, for Cure of the Venereal Disease, for the future; and that the like Sum he all’o abated from the Sea Pay of any Marine who shall be cured of the said Disease on board His Majesty’s Ships (which is to be paid to the Surgeon, as other Defalcations

are

a3 Geo. III. Januarii. 77

are paid) the Captains being directed to charge those Allowances against the Mens Wages accordingly.

We are,

Your affectionate Friends,

Copy. Anson,

Gto. Marsh. Tho'

Ed Boscawen

Navy Board.

N# 34.

The Examination of George Marsh, Esquire; taken upouOath, 10th and 16th October 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is one of the Commissioners of the Navy, in the Department of the Clerk of the Acts.

There are at present Ten Commissioners of the Navy residing at the Board, Three of whom make a Board.

All Navy Contracts are either for the Purchase of Stores or Materials, or for Services to be performed, and are made by the Board, in the Presence of and with the Contractors; the Comptroller, Surveyor, or Clerk of the Acts, is always one of the Board. The Minutes of the Contract are taken down by the At fistant to the Clerk of the Acts, commonly called The Secretary: These Minutes are afterwards reduced to Form by a Clerk in the Office, examined by the Assist-,ant to the Clerk of the Acts, or his Chief Clerk, and executed in the Presence of the Clerk of the Acts.

A Copy of the Contract, attested by the Clerk of the Acts, is sent down to the principal Officers of the Yards, where it is to be executed Four of these Officers are intrulled to superintend the Execution, and to see that the Terms of the Contract are fulfilled: After it is performed, the Clerk of the Check at the Yard makes out a Bill for the Sum due; this Bill is examined and signed by the Four Officers, and transmitted to the Navy Office; their Signature is a Voucher to the Board that the Contractor has faithfully performed his Contract to the Amount of that Bill; this Bill is registered in the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, and, after being signed by Three Commissioners, is delivered to the - Person entitled.

Where the Contract is for the Performance of a Service, upon the Certificate of One or more proper Officers, appointed by the Board for that Purpose, that the Sendee has been performed agreeable to the Engagement, a Bill is made out at the Navy Office for the Sum due, and the Certificate remains in the Office as the Voucher for making out the Bill.

All Imprest Bills issued by the Commissioners of the Navy, are entered in an Imprest Ledger kept in the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts; and all Imprest Bills issued by the Commissioners of the Victualling, are entered in the Imprest Ledger kept in the Office of the Accountant for Cash; which is one Branch of the Victualling Office. The Power of calling upon Persons to clear their Imprefts is vested in the Commissioners of each Office respectively.

Geo. Marsh.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam‘ Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Vol. 39.

Eighth Report on I'ublic

- Account*

N 35-

The Examination of Jonas Esquire;

taken upon Oath, 11th October 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is one of the Commissioners of the Victualling Office: The present Number of Commissioners are Seven, of whom Three with the Secretary make a Board. The Contracts made by the Victualling Board are either for Provisions, Calks, and Packages, or the Hire of Ships to serve as Victuallers; they are made by the Commissioners at the Board with the Contractors, or their Representatives. Officers of the different Branches are appointed by the Admiralty, and the Clerks under them generally by the Victualling Board, to superintend the Execution of these Contracts; and no Bill for Payment is passed without the Ceriificate of the proper Officer or Officers, that the Contract has been duly executed.

Jonas

A. Piggott,

RichdNeaxe,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 36.

The Examination of Thomas Rumsey, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 16th October, 25th November, and 9th December, 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he i3 Deputy to Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Auditor of the Excise, and of all the other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, except the Duties on Hides, Coffee, Chocolate, and Tea, of which he himself is Auditor; he audits the Accounts of the whole Revenue of Excise of the former Duties, as Deputy; of the latter, as Principal.

There are Nine Commissioners of Excise; they are al jointly accountable for all the Duties received by them, and for all the Payments made by them out of the said Duties, and they all jointly pass their Accounts every Year in the Office of the Auditor of Excise.

Of every Year, a Cash Account to the 5th of July is made out by each Accountant General, comprehending the Weekly Receipts and Payments on Account of the Duty or Duties in his Department, to the Number in all of Sixteen; these Calli Accounts, when lb made up, are examined by the Commissioners, and by them sworn to, before the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, in or about the Month of May in the succeeding Year, and are then delivered to the Auditor, together with all the Vouchers for the Payments contained therein.

The Auditor examines the Tallies and other Vouchers, and compares them with the Calli Accounts, and himself makes out an Account for the Duty or Duties in each respective Department by Charge and Discharge, according to the Form used in the Exchequer. The Comptroller makes out and delivers to the Auditor, Accounts similar to those sworn to by the Commissioners; he having all the Charge Vouchers delivered to him when examined and passed by the several Accountants, and having also the Examination and Controul over the different Payments, is enabled to form his Accounts, and from thele Accounts the Auditor makes his Charge upon the Commissioners.

For the Discharge, the Receiver General delivers all the Vouchers, together with a Schedule of them, to the Auditor, who examines and compares the fame

X with

Eighth Report od Public Account!.

23’ Januariu ’ 1783.

with the Accounts delivered by the Commissioners and the Comptroller, and from thence he makes the Discharge. The Auditor ingrosses his Cash Account upon Parchment, and a Cof»y thereof is made upon Paper.

Of every Year, a General Account to the 5th of July is also made ont, by each Accountant General, of the Duty or Duties in his Department, except the Duty on Malt, which is made up to the 24th of June; these Accounts are in Number Seventeen, and are formed from the Accounts of each Collector, together with all the Vouchers for his Payments and & Schedule thereof, and also from the Accounts of the Duties charged and paid in London.

The General Accounts, ligned by the Accountants General respectively, are delivered to the Auditor, with all the Vouchers for the Discharge from whence they were formed. In this General Account is entered in One Article the Sum Total of the Payments included in the Cash Account of that Year.

The Comptroller General having all the Charge and Discharge Vouchers, also makes out his general Accounts, and in like Manner delivers the Accounts to the Auditor.

The Auditor makes his Abstract from the Materials delivered to him, and by such Abstract examines and compares the Accounts of the Accountants General and the Comptroller; the Auditor then forms his General Account, by Charge and Discharge, according to the Form of the Exchequer, ingrdfled upon Parchment, and a Copy thereof upon Paper. These Accounts are not sworn to.

Once a Year, generally about the Month of June or July, the Chancellor of the Exchequer fends Notice of his Intention to have a Declaration of the Public Accounts; the Auditor, upon receiving such Notice, fends the Accounts signed by him, together with an Abstra&of each Account, and himself attends the Chancellor at the Time appointed for Declaration. The Accounts are declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who figiis them, and they are afterwards laid before the Board of Treasury, together with another Abstract thereof made by the Auditor, and are signed by Two other Lords of the Treasury, and then returned to the Auditor, who delivers the Parchment Part of both Cash and General Accounts to the King’s Remembrancer; the Paper Parts remain in the Office of the Auditor.

The Total Charge upon the Commissioners for the Year 1778, was Seven Million Four hundred Seventy-nine thousand Six hundred Thirteen Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny; and the Total Discharge, Five Million Six hundred Fifty-six thousand Eight hundred Twenty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence Halfpenny; the Remainder, being One Million Eight hundred Twenty-two thousand Seven hundred Eighty-four Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, to be accounted for by the Commissioners in their next Year’s Accounts.

Office of James West, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, Land Tax, and Window Tax.

That it is a Branch of this Office to audit the Accounts of the Receiver General of the Land Tax and Window Tax.

That the Receivers General usually fiate their Accounts One Year under another; and that, every iflu-able Term, the Deputy Auditor certifies to the King’s Remembrancer, a List of all such Accounts as are behind and undeclared.

That when a Receiver General designs to have his Accounts passed, he usually fends up to the Deputy Auditor a State of his Account, with the Vouchers; the Office then procures from the King’s Remembrancer, the Land Tax Duplicates, from whence the Charge is made out against the Receiver; the Auditor then draws out a State of the Account, and examines every Voucher; after which he makes out a Draft of the Account in the usual Form of the Exchequer, to be ingrossed. The Receiver General swears to the In-groffinent before one of the Barons of the Exchequer; the Account is read over to and signed by a Baron of the said Court, who also examines the Tallies.

This Account, with all the Vouchers, is then taken to the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, in order to be inrolled; and from thence, as he believes, the ingrossed Account and Tallies are sent to the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office, where the Account is also inrolled; they are then sent to the Pipe Office, where the Account is inrolled, and remains.

That the Pipe Office make out the Receiver General’s Quietus, which is usually sent to the First Clerk, in the Auditor’s Office, who takes it for the Receiver to the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, and from thence receives the Security Bonds given for the Land Tax, which, with the Quietus, are delivered to the Receiver General.

That this Office also audits the Accounts for the Tax on Houses, Windows, and Lights, inhabited Houses, and Servants.

This Examinant further faith. That when the Vouchers are all brought into the Auditor’s Office, a Receiver General’s Account is immediately proceeded upon, and usually made up within a Fortnight, ready for him to swear to; and that the Accounts of a Receiver meet no Delay in the said Office.

J. Rowlands.

Guy Carleton,

T. Angui/h,

Sam'.Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond.

N® 38

The further Examination of Adam Martin, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 27th of November and loth of December 1782.

T. Ramsey.

A. Piggotty Rich4 Neave,

Sant Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 37.

The Examination of Mr. James Rowlands, First Clerk in the Office of James , Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, Land Tax, and Window Tax; taken upon Oath, the 10th October 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he now is, and for upwards of Twenty Years has been, First Clerk in the

This Examinant faith. That he formerly acted for James Pearce, Esquire, First Secondary in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

When the Annual Accounts of the Commissioners of Excise have been declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, signed by him and Two other Lords of the Treasury, they are transmitted to the First Secondary in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, who inrolls a State of them; that being done, they are sent to the First Secondary in the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer. The Inrollment of the State thereof answers no other End than to render it Matter of Record in the Court of Exchequer, as the King’s Court of Revenue; for no general Process can be issued out of the Court of Exchequer, to recover any Debt due to the Crown, or

Vs to

23 Geo. III. 2 3° Januarii. 79

to compel Persons to come to Account, but what is mitted by the Clerk of thO in the Pipe Office, Eighth

founded on foine Matter of Record in the Office, and to the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer in a Schedule, Report that-Matter of Record can only appear by the Inroll- which remains as a Record in the Office, and warrants on Public ment of the State of the Account in the King’s Remem- the Process; H likewise issues, by Order of the Court Account8* brancer’s Office; but he does not recoHefit any particular of Exchequer, upon special Application made to them Instance, in his Time, in which Process has issued on for that Purpose.

the Inrollment of the State of the Accounts of the Commissioners of Excise.

The Accounts which are passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, and, as he believes, in every other Office that passes Public Accounts, are in like Manner transmitted to the King’s Remembrancers Office, where a State of them is also inrolled, and they are then sent to the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer; they undergo no Examination with the King’s Remembrancer, except for the Purpose of discovering whether any and what Process ought to issue upon the Insupers.

It is, as he apprehends, the Duty of the First Secondary in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, to order Process to issue against such Persons as are returned iufuper in the Accounts, for Sums of Money received by them, for which they ought to have accounted, but have not done lo. The Insupers are inrolled verbatim, with every Particular of the Charge up<m them; the Secondary has no distin€t Means of knowing against which of the Names returned iufuper, Process ought to issue, but front the Informal ion of the Auditors of the Imprest, with whose Affittauce heexercises his Discretion in ordering Process to issue.

Adam Martin.

A. Piggdtt,

Rick1 heave,

Ram! Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 39-

The Examination of John , Esquire, First

Secondary in the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office in the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, the 27th November, 10th and 11th of December, 17S2.

This Examinant faith, That the Annual Account of the Excise, and the Accounts passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, and, as he believes, all Accounts of Public Money, wherever passed, are lent from the King’s Remembrancer’s Office to the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, where a State and View of the Account, which is nothing more than an Abstract of the Sums Total of the Receipts; Payments, Allowances, and Remains, is entered in Books kept for that Purpose: that being done, and the Accounts being marked as entered, they are transmitted to the Pipe Office. This Entry becomes the Record of that Account in the Office of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer. No Process, that he knows of, originates in this Office upon this Record; he never knew any Process being issued upon any of these Accounts since the Year 1768, when this Bufinel's came under his Direction.

The Purpose of the ordinary Process, commonly called The Long Writ, or Writ of Scire facias, Capias, and Extent, that issues out of this Office, is for levying the several Debts due to the Crown, which have been returned Nichil by the Clerk of the Nichils in the Pipe Office.

This Process issues of course after every issuable 'term, against all Persons returned Nichil, and trans. Vol. 39-

J' Perrott.

T. Anguish,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N# 40.

The Examination of Mr. Peter Sykes, Deputy to' the First Secondary in the Pipe Office; taken u|>on Oath, the 3d, 4th, and 1 oth of December 1782.

This Examinant faith, That all the Declared Accounts of the Public Accountants, which pals through the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer's Office, are sent from thence to the Pipe Office, where they finally remain.

In this Office an Abstract is made of each Account, which is called the Record of that Account, and makes Part of the Roll of Foreign Accounts, which is the general Title of the Roll, and which Roll contains aft such Accounts; the Great Roll containing only the Sheriff’s Accounts, the Accounts of the Savoy Hospital, and the Account of the Coroner of the King’s Bench: Of this Abstrafit a Duplicate is made, which is called The Quietus; that is, where the Accountant is even, or in Surplusage, the Words Quietus est, if the Account be in Latin, or ,rHe is quit," if in English, are wrote at the Bottom of the Account, both upon the Record and the Duplicate; where the Accountant is Debtor, he is Hated as indebted for the Balance. It is signed by the Clerk of the Pipe, or his Deputy, and delivered to the Accountant. In all the Three Cates it is alike called a Quietus, and is a Discharge to the Accountant for so much as he has accounted for.

No.Process whatever issues from this Office upon the Roll of Foreign Accounts, or upon the Accounts them-telves lodged in the Pipe Office, either against the principal Accountants, or those who are put insuper on their Accounts; nor does any Process whatever go through this Office to compel an Accountant to pay a specific Sum ascertained as his Balance; except that of late where the Receiver General returns Insupers on particular Defaulters on the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, a Schedule of such Defaulters Names has been transmitted from the King’s Remembrancer’s Office to the Pipe Office, to be entered in the Great Roll of the Pipe, and from thence sent out in the Process called The Summons of the Pipe, which issues to the Sheriff Annually after Trinity Term, and is the only Process which ifl’ues out of this Office upon such Accounts.

The Declared Accounts themselves, and the Roll,-remain in the Office. He has always understood that the Roll was a Record to be refereed to in same Of Need; and he has heard of Two Occasions upon which an Officer has been desired to attend the Court of Exchequer and Dutchy Court of Lancaster with it; Searches have been sometimes made into it by Public Accountants, and others, for Information.

The Accounts of all Receivers of the Public Revenue are in this Office examined and compared with the Tallies, which are for that Purpose brought to this Office from the Chamberlain’s Office, and remain there; the Foil or Counterpart remaining at the Chamberlain’s Office. Mistakes in the Figures of the Accounts

have

Eighth Report on Public Accounts.

8o 2 3° Januarii. 1783.

have Sometimes been discovered and rectified by the Auditor.

This Office inrolls only the Gross Sum, which is set insuper; it does not inroll the Names of the In-supers, unless where there are a few only. He does not recoiled that any other Use is made either of the

Accounts or of the Roll of Foreign Accounts, except as abovementioned.

Sykes.

A. Piggott, .

Rich1 Neaoe,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 41.

FEES paid and payable on passing the Account of the Right honourable George Grarcille, late Treasurer of the Navy, for a Year, to 31st December 1759.

The Auditors Fee on 4,689,354/. 3$. id. at the Rate of 20/. for every

100,000l. ....

Additional Fee of 100 I. per Am.----

Ordinary Allowances to the Accountant, and Lord Chief Baron -At the Chancellor’s of the Exchequer on Declaration -

At the Treasury ——

Lord Chief Baron’s Clerk ——

Coach Hire with the Ledgers -

King’s Remembrancer’s ——

Treasury Remembrancer’s ——

Pipe Office, for Quietus ——

D*, for extra Trouble on Account of the Length of the Accounts -

Gratuity to Deputy Auditor -

D* to Deputy and Clerks -

D* for extra Trouble on Account of the Length of the Accounts -

Gratuity for passing the Account -

£. s.

d.

937 17 6

100-----

------ 1,037

65

6

7

7.1 i° —

10------

17 17 —

20 -

15

9

81

5

37

10

s.

17

16

6

7

1

5

9

10

5

17

10

d.

6

8

1,278 4 2

Cha‘ Han'is, Depr And\

Auditor’s Office,

13th August 1782.

N# 42.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sum issued to the Treasurers of the Navy, from the First of January 1762

to the present Time.

The Total Sum issued to the Treasurers of the Navy, from the First of January 1762 to the present Time, amounts to the Sum of Seventy Millions Four hundred Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Eighty Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence One Farthing.

John Hughson.

Exchequer, the 18th Day of December 1782.

Ordered,

Fafnacbt's

Nat.

Canterbury

Road.

Duties on Tobacco.

Importation of Currants.

25 Geo. III.

23" Januarii.

81

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht, was read the Third Time.

Retohvd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehves do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstans Cross, near the City of

to the Water-side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstans Cross, near the City of Canter-

bury, to the Water-side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing the " Duties upon Tobacco," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker led the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the Jioufe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual securing die Duties upon Tobacco."

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual securing the Duties upon TobaccoAnd that Mr. Ord and Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 39.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants of Leeds Roads, the Villages of Bawling and Horton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Neighbourhood thereof, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Villages, and of the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House, for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Fourteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Leeds to , and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the said County; and that, by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Toll of One Penny only is charged upon every Horse drawing Carriages laden with Coals upon the Two Branches of Road comprised in the same Act, called Bawling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, and great Quantities of Coals are carried along the said Two Branches of Road from certain Collieries in the Neighbourhood thereof, to Bradford, in Carts with narrow Wheels, and drawn by One Horse only; and that the Distance such Carriages pass along the said Roads being no more than about One Mile and a Quarter, and the same being upon a Declivity, the Owners of such Carriages are enabled, and do carry greater Weights of Coals than they ought to do, and than Carriages of the like Sort, passing along other Parts of the said Roads, can do, and are also enabled to pass and repals. with the same through the Turnpike at Bradford several Times in One Day upon Payment of the said Toll of One Penny, by which means the said Roads are very much cut and injured, and are at present in a very ruinous Condition: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for restraining Persons, carrying Coals along the said Two Branches of Road, from carrying above a certain Weight at any One Time in Carriages having the Wheels thereof under a certain Breadth, and that feme further or additional Tolls may be collected for all such Carriages, or that such other Provision may be made for repairing the said Two Branches of Road, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and to Halifax,

and also the Roads called Bawling. and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York,

is committed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Rnmboldand House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, Perril|g not passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His th* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining 8 °m*

" Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter " Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Euates and Effects,

" and preventing the transporting or alienating the " lame:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Free- Representa-holders, within the Borough of Launceston, in the County tion in Par-of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; liament Setting forth. That the Borough of Launceston is an ancient Borough, and has constantly (Time out of

Y Mind)

8a 23° — 24 ? Jan 1783.

Mind) fentTwo Members to Parliament; by the Charter of Philip and Mary it was incorporated by the Name

of " Mayor and Commonalty," with a Power to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Eight Aldermen, or Mayor and Majority of them, to elect Freemen from the most honest, most discreet, and most respectable of the Inhabitants, and from the Freemen to make Choice of Light Men, or a Common Council, to be Assistants to the said Mayor and Aldermen; that the first Mayor Thomas Hicks (by and with the Consent of the Eight Aldermen, under the original Charter) elected a Number of Freemen, and from the most honest, discreet, and respectable of those Freemen, made Choice of Eight Men, as a Common Council or Assistants, and, as often as a Vacancy happened in the Aldermanick Body, supplied the same from the Common Council, keeping up the Number of Freemen, to preserve the Independency of the Borough; and that the Custom of supplying the Upper Bench from the Lower, and keeping up the Number of Freemen (under the old Charter) was observed for more than Two Centuries; that this Custom prevailed in the Years 1722 and 1734, will appear from the Poll Books at the Tw o contested Elections which happened at those Periods, at the first of which upwards of Sixty Freemen (exclusive of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council) voted, at the second, Forty-four; and that from the above /Era the Body of Common Council loft its influence, as the Aldermanick Body was supplied sometimes from the Common Council, but more frequently from the Freemen at large; that, about Twenty Years ago, the Body of Common Council was annihilated, and within thele Fourteen Years no Freemen have been elected but partially, to supply the Aldermanick Body; that the present Freemen are only Ten, Two of which at least are under the Influence of the Mayor and Aldermen; that, about Twenty Years ago, the Mayor and Aldermen were Men of very great Property within the Borough, as will appear from the Land and Poor Rates; that the Sum Total of the latter amounts to 17 21.6 s. 8 to which the Mayor and Aldermen (as a Body and Individuals) contribute the Sum of 2 2 I.4 s.4 d.and the Residue is discharged by the principal Inhabitants and Freeholders of the said Borough: In consequence of these Fasts, and left the Mayor and Aldermen tliould assume to themselves the foie Right of returning Members to Parliament (of which the Petitioners nre very apprehensive, from their frequent Declarations) the principal inhabitants and Freeholders of the said Borough humbly petition the Honourable the Commons of Great , to restore a more equal

Right of Representation to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to extend that Right in such Manner that a few, who have unjustly usurped the Power, may not exercise the natural and inherent Privileges of many, or to aftord >111610 such other Relief as is confident with the Claims of their Fellow Citizens throughout the Kingdom, or with the Wisdom of the House.

A Member And a Member returned upon a new Writ having

uk w Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed. the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Pains, Ac. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

on^RnmboM Reacjj„g of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and

an frnng. peiia|tjes on §jr x/iomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter 1Jerring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by.

them whiift they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

O v

And being returned;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The House was moved that the Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George, Madrass, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do direct the Counsel, w ho are appointed to produce and manage the Evidence to make good the Allegations of the said Bill, that they do confine the Evidence, to be produced, to the same of Sir Thomas Rumbold only.

Then the Counsel for and against: the Bill were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted the Counsel for the Bill with the said Resolution.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, which was presented to the House upon the Fourteenth Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was also read.

And one of the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Com «nd ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Graiu' House, to consider further of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Merchants, Ma- Bilston Navi-nufacturers, Tradesmen, 'and principal Inhabi- gation. tants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromuich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of , and from

thence

Johnby Inclohire.

Cricklade

Election.

2 3 Geo. III. 24° Januarii.

thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said

County of Stafford: And praying, That the same may pals into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have entered into certain Articles of Agreement, for extinguishing their Right of Common within the Commons and Waites of the Township or Manor of in the Parish of

Greystoke, and County of Cumin Lieu of certain Compensations to be made them by the Enfranchisement of their customary Estates within the said Township or Manor, and by Payment of certain Sums of Money, and for ascertaining and setting out public and private Ways and Roads within the said Township or Manor, and for other Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing and confirming such Articles of Agreement, and for enabling unqualified Persons to execute the fame, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Surrey and Sir Henry Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Earl of Surrey reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege set forth in the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, and to search for Precedents of Persons taken in Execution, and in Custody, who have been Petitioners claiming a Seat as Members of this House, and desiring to be allowed the Privilege of this House to be delivered out of such Custody, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the Journals accordingly; and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Journals, and find many Precedents where the Privilege of the House of Commons has

been allowed to Members taken in Execution, and in Custody for Debt; the greater Part of which are recited in the Reports made upon the 15th of November and the 16th of December 1707, from the Committee appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint of Mr. then a Member of the House, and to search Precedents what had been done for the Discharge of any Members u|>on Execution and mesne Process. — But Your Committee, upon the moil accurate Search, have not been able to find any Precedent where a Person, being a Petitioner, and claiming a Seat as Member of this House, has at any Time desired to be allowed the Privilege of the House, upon any Account whatever; much lei's do Your Committee find any Instance of the Privilege of this House being granted by the House to Persons under that Description.

The House w as moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, V An Act for the further preventing Delays " of Justice by reaibn of Privilege of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Vol. 39-

A Petition of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, I He of Man. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution a Contract made pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the then Duke and Dutchess of Atholl (at that Time the Proprietors of the Isle of Man) and their Trustees, for the Puchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that immediately after the Payment of the Sum of 70,000l. by His Majesty, at the Time and in Manner therein mentioned, the Island, Castle, Peele, and Lordship of Man, and all the Islands and Lordships thereto appertaining, together with the Royalties,

Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Sea Ports, to the same belonging, and all other Hereditaments and Premises comprized, mentioned, and granted in the Letters Patent therein recited, bearing Date respectively the 6th April, Seventh Henry Fourth, the 28th June^ Seventh James First, and 2d May, Eighth James First, and the Act therein recited, made in the said Eighth Year of the said King James the First, and cvecy, or any of them (except as thereinafter is excepted) should be, and they were thereby, unalienably vetted in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged from all Estates, Uses, Trulls, Intails, Reversions, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Incumbrances, Titles, Claims and Demands whatsoever, as fully and entirely as if the said Letters Patent and Act of Parliament, and the Estates,

Interests, Hereditaments, and Premises therein, or in any of them comprized, mentioned, and granted, were therein again transcribed and repeated; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, whereby it is enacted, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to veil in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said Island of Man, or of the Bishoprick of Sodor, or of the Bishoprick of Sodor ami Man, or the Temporalities of the said Bishoprick or Bishopricks, whenever it, or they, shall become vacant; or of the Right of Advowson, Patronage, Presentation, Collation, Donation, Nomination, or free Disposition, of or to any Archdeaconries,

Canonries, Prebends, Colleges, Hospitals, Churches,

Chapels, Rectories, Vicarages, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions whatsoever, within the said Island, Lordship, and Territory of Man, or the Dependencies thereof, or any Hundreds, Wapentakes, Manors,

Towns, Vills, Churches, Monasteries, Abbeys, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits, or Precincts thereof, Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages,

Barns, Stables, Mills, Dove-houses, Orchards, Fruiteries,

Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Meadows, Leafows, Feedings, Pastures, Wood Lands,

Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Trees, or the Soil or Ground thereof, Wastes, Void Grounds, Roads, Paths,

Heaths, Furzes, Moors, Marshes, Mines of Lead or Iron, or other base Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fish Ponds, Watercourses, Streams,

Rivulets, Aqueducts, Rents, Arrearages of Rent,

Rents Services, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, Rents Reserved, Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Heriots, Services or Works of Tenants either free or customary, Rectories, Tythes, or Impropriations of Tythes either Great or Small, Predial, Personal, or Mixed, Portions of Tythes, Pensions,

Oblations, Obventions, Commons, Frankfolds, Efto-vers, Commons of Eftovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties of Parks, Chafes,

Lawns, Warrens, Aflarts, Purpreftures, Chimminages,

Hawkings, Huntings, Pifcaries, Fishings, Fairs, Pair

Days,

Expiring

Laws.

84 240 januarii. A, 1783.

Days, Markets, Stallages, Tolls, Mulftures, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Wrecks of the Sea, Assize or Assay of Bread, Wine, or Beer, l'ealties, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chattels of Traitors, Felons, Clerks Convict, Fugitives, Persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in Exigent or Standing Mute, Suits of Tenants, Courts Baron, Profits or Perquisites of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, or any Thing to Courts Baron appertaining, or any Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances Spiritual or Temporal, to the said reserved and excepted Premises, or any of them belonging, incident, appendant, or in any wise appertaining, or any Interest therein, in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, within the said Island of Man, or any of the I (lands and Dependencies to the same belonging, but that the fame, and every Part thereof, should stand, and be fully and clearly excepted and reserved out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, and should be, remain, and continue veiled in such and the same Person and Persons, for such and the same Estate and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as if the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty had never been made, and should be holden of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the said Honorary Service of rendering to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, Two Falcons on the Days of their respective Coronations, and at and under the Yearly Rent of 101/. 15 s. 11 d.to be paid at the Receipt of His Majesty s Exchequer at Westminster aforesaid; and that, in several Instances, the Reservations, Rights, and Interests, intended and agreed by the said Contraft between the said Commissioners of the Treasury and the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, to be reserved to them, their Heirs and Successors, and to be fully and clearly excepted out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, require Explanation and Amendment; and, in other Instances, proper Remedies or Powers were omitted to be given by the said Act to the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, their Heirs or Assigns, Senelchals or Stewards, and Moars or Bailiffs, for the obtaining the several Rights and Interests, or for the Exercise and Enjoyment of those Rights which in and by the said Act were agreed or intended to be reserved; and that the several Doubts, Difficulties, and Omissions hereinbefore-mentioned, cannot be effectually obviated or supplied, nor can many of the Records of the said Island, which are so incorporated or intermixed as to be incapable of Separation, be properly preferred, not only for the reciprocal Use and Benefit of the Crown, and of the said Duke of Atholl, their' respective Officers and Servants, but also for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Isle of Man; nor can the said John Duke

of Atholl obtain his just Rights in some Instances, or be protested and quieted in the Exercise and Enjoyment of other his just Rights, or be enabled to take or use summary and adequate Remedies for the Recovery thereof, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs to obtain, exercise, and enjoy, certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Murray and Mr. Adam do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring and to’ report their Opinion from Time to

03

Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force from the ill Day of August 1770, for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was by three Acts, made in the Twelfth, Fourteenth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the ill Day of August 1782, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lo much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s " Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint " Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the " United Company of Merchants of England, trading to " the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to " foundland. Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; " and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advjfing or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders " of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation " of Wheat, and other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles to His Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the id Day of Jamuiry 1777, and which, by several Acts, made

in the Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the ill Day of May 1783, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of " Rates, lo far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants " and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such " Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in lieu thereof, " and for explaining the said Rule with Respect to such " Allowance for Damage on other Goods, and to permit " the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this " Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations " in the West Indies, for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to thf British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 24th Day of June 1783, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl

" Ashes

2i Geo. III. 24° Januarii. 85

" Allies, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties, in Lieu thereof,

" for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of May 1783, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First and Second Resolutious of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Third and Fourth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Importation Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the 1 Currants. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages, the Resolution which the Committee had directfed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resotced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in small Packages, be prohibited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An " Act: for the more effectual securing the Duties upon " Tobacco," That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army Ex-suant to their Address to His Majesty, traordinaries.

A further and final Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Payinafter General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782 and the 25th of March following, and from that Period to the 6th of December 1782, inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Edmund , late Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of April 1782 and the 9th of November following, and not provided for by Parliament. I

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of 589,931/. 13^. q d.Part of the Sum of 1,000,000l. granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services for the Year 1782, paid by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Payinafter General of His Majesty’s Forces.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39.

Z

A further

86

240 Jamarii

A. 1785.

Army Extraordinariet.

A further and final ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782 and the 25th of March following, and from that Period to the 6th December 1782 inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament

Sates of Warrants.

1782.

February 1.

March 20. February 1.

March 20.

February 1.

March 20.

February 1.

March 20.

25-

February 1.

March 20.

April 8. February 1.

March 20. February 1.

March 20.

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the serving in America ....

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ....

To Geo. Brown, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Coives, for the Use of D® Forces -To Edward Lewis, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces -To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To John Durand, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and

upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Coices, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To Adam Drummond, Moses Franks, and John Nesbitt, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D* Forces -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces -

To Adam Drummond and Moses Franks, Esquires, for Provisions delivered for Prisoners in America, and for Re-exchange and Interest on 11 Bills of Exchange drawn on them and returned for Non-payment To Richard Vernon Sadleir, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica - -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ....

To Christopher Potter, Jre Dearman, Andrew

and Richard Shaw, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in North and South Carolina, &c.

To Laurence Cox, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D* Forces -

To Major Hamiker, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and

upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America ....

To D®, for Provisions delivered at for the Use of

D® Forces ——

upon Account of Use of the Forces «£ 3,250 -

7,767 7 »

3.250 -

3.250 -

7,782 11 — 3,962 11 4

3.250 -

7,836 8 11 5,787 1 8

9,750 -

11,669 7 4

11,256 14 3

10,266 14 8 34,751 14 3

2,500-----

5,774 15 7

4,690 1 —

10,000-----

1,000-----

1,868 3 4

3.250 -

7,522 5 7

To

23 Geo. III.

24® Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

March 28. To Sir John Henniker, Baronet, tVm Mills, Junior, and

Devaynes, Esquires, and to the Representatives of Sir Geo. Wombwell, being the Balance of their Contraft for furnishing Provisions for the Forces in America, between 25th February *777 and 18th March 1778 -

February 1. To James Bogle French, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica.

March 20. To D", for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces ——

February 1. To John Whitelock, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

March 20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

25. To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces ——

April 8. To D®, for D* delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

February 1. To PVm Mills, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America - - -.....3,250----

March 25. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D® Forces ----- 7,503 14 4

To D®, for D* delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces ---- 5,787 1 8

February 1. To Benj’ Smith, Wm. Fitzhugh, and Rich* Peacock,

Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America - - 9,75° -

March 20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use

of D° Forces ----- 7,655 13 8

February 1. To JVmDevaynes, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America - 3,250-----

March 20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D® Forces - 7,503 12 1

To D®, for D® Service ---- 7,5°3 12 1

February 1. To Henry H" Mason and Henry Blundell, Esq uires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Coices, for the Use of the

Forces serving in Canada - - - 850----

March 20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D* Forces - 2,012 12 —

February 25. To Sir Wm James, Baronet, Abel Smith, John Roberts, and Rich1 Atkinson, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Waterj'ord, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada - -- -- - 6,991 14 4

1. To Sir Wm James, Baronet Abel Smith, and

Atkinson, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in

Canada - -- -- - 12,000----

March 20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use

of D® Forces ----- 12,525 4 —

To D®, for D® Service ---- 7,4*9-----

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D® Forces - 3,817184

February 1. To Anthony Richardson, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to lie delivered at Cork and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in the

Leeward Islands and Jamaica -5,000-----

March20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use

of D® Forces ----- 11,941 7 2

To D®, for D* delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces ---- 2,934 *5 8

£. s. d.

t,3°5 8 11

1.250 -

2,229 18 — 2,885 11 —

1.250 -

3,850 5 ~ 2,966 10 4 1,921 17 8

Army Extraordinarie*

To

4° Janu.

Army Ex-

Iruuidjuunes.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

March 13. To Jri Stephenson and Jri , Esquires, for

Provisions delivered at for the Use of the

Forces serving in Canada -20. To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces - '- - . - -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces -

25. To D®, for Provisions at D*, for the Use of the Forces in Nova Scotia, Island of S1 John's Penobscott, and Nenfoundland -

To 1)*, for D* Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D#, for I)° Service - -

To D®, for Provisions issued in West Florida, for the Use of the Forces there -

To Kender Mason, Esquire, for Provisions issued, and remaining in Store at S’ Augustine, on 24th June 1780, for D# condemned by long keeping, and loft between 25th December 1778 and 24 1780;

and for D* issued for the Use of the Provincial Armed Vessels, between 24th February and 24th April 1779 - -

To Wm Nicholson, Esquire, late Agent to Robert Broome in the Senegambia Contraft, for Salary, Commission, and Goods furnished by him on Account of the said Contract -

15. To the Representatives of Sir George Wombwell, for Inference on Provisions issued to the Garrison of Gibraltar between the 18th January 1779 and the 16th January 1780 - -

To D#, for D* on Provisions issued to D* Garrison between 17th January and 12th March 1780 -To Ditto, for empty Bags delivered to the Governor of Ditto Garrison for the Use of Government 27. In full of a Warrant of this Date, for 16,722/. 10. to pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Lord Mountstuart and Sir H. Mam, for Supplies and Provisions for the Use of die Forces lately serving in the Island of Minorca -

£. s. d.

2,232 18 8

4,155 18 9

1,119 13 —

15,053 15 7

11,123 — 2

2,400 18 9

2,604 12 1

1,646 16 6

1,400 3 2

921 5 6

6,391 5 6 2,574 13 4 310 5 4

10,322 10 —

358,049 8 7

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, &c. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1782 for that Service - - - - 26,185 9 2

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign D® serving in D®, apply the Sum voted upon

D®.....18,388 7 —

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British D® serving in the West Indies, apply the Sum voted upon D® - - - - 11,175 17 9

Also the Sum voted upon D®, for Provisions for the Forces serving in

Africa.....2,055 6 10

Alio the Sum voted upon D®, for Provisions for the British Forces serving at Gibraltar 12,292 12 8

Also the Sum voted upon D®, for Provisions for the Foreign D® serving at D® - - - 3,104 10 3

Also the Sum flopped for Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America and the West Indies, between 24th June and 25th December 1781 ----- 72,364 11 41

Ditto, for Provisions delivered to D®, between 24th December 1781 and 25th April 1782 - - - - 35,738 7 —

Also apply the Sum flopped for Fresh Provisions delivered to the Forces at Minorca, between the

04

A. 1783.

24th

240 ja

13 Geo. lit

Dates of Warrants.

jjO* s» d»

<£' S' ^Army ]7jfc_

traordinaries;

bate of Sec'T’« at War’s Letter:

1782.

November 25.

24th June 1771 and 25th August

1781 - - , - 28,579 15 t

D® for Bread delivered to D® Forces, between the 25 th December J 779 and 25th August 1781 - 5,293 9 9

— ----- 33,873 4 id

And also Caih received at sundry Times of General Eliott, Governor of Gibraltar, on Account of Subsistence of Forces serving in

that Garrison - 12,825-----

— 227,913 6 lof

To J. Powell, Esquire, on Account of Purchase of Coals and Wood for the a Garrison of Gibraltar in the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781 -

Dates of Warrants.

1

March 26. To Medrs. Mures, Atkinson, and Mure, for Freight of sundry Ships employed to carry Oats to America - 609 — —

To D*, for D® Service - - - 609----

To D®$ for D® Service ---- 5,262 2 4

March 8.

26.

February 7. 25.

1781.

September 23.

December io.

1782.

February l.

20.

25-

28.

March 6.

8.

Vo 1. 3Q.

To D°, for the Value of the Ship Prince Frederick, taken by an American Privateer whilst employed in carrying Oats to North America - - - - 1,260 18 5

To D*, for the Value of sundry Ships which have been taken by the Enemy, while employed in D* Service ----- 1,321 9 11

To D®, for 16 Cargoes of Oats shipped for America - - 15,502 3 8

To D®, for Candles shipped for the Forces in America - 2,205 5 6

To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for Five hundred Suits of Cloaths - - 780 3 11

To D°, for Cloathing for One Company at Turks Island,

and Companies in the Leeward Islands - - -673 10 6

To D®, for Blankets - - - - -176 19 4

To the Representatives of TV" Mince, for the Value of sundry Articles of Merchandize taken out of the Sloop Little Will, and deposited at Gambia, and loft at the Surrender of that Garrison whiht the said Sloop was bringing Dispatches to England - 656 8 3

To Captain Seix, of the 22d Regiment of Foot, for Lodes when wrecked on the Coast of Nova Scotia, in March 1776 - - - - 40 10 —

To Captain Tho Crewe Dod, for Lodes he sustained while a Lieutenant in the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, when taken by the French -

To the Margrave of Brandebourg for Levy

Money for 107 Recruits to his Troops in the Year 1781 - -

To Captain Leo, of Major Daln/mp/e's Corps of Foot, for Lodes, by being taken by a French Privateer To Lieut. David Gordon, of the 2d Battalion of the 601I1 Regiment of Foot, for Lodes he sustained, by being taken by the French in June 1779 To John Fisher, Esquire, for sundry Articles of Sadlerv, Horl’e Furniture, Appointments, Cloathing; for the Provincial Troops in Ama'ica -

To Mr. Wm Parsons, for the Value of the Schooner Goodluck, dcltroyed at Savanna in Georgia, whilst employed in His Majesty's Service -

To Sir GuyCarleton, for an Equipage, as Commander in

Chief in North America -

To Captain Burton Gage Barof the 15th Regiment of Foot, for the Lodes he sustained by the Brig

being taken by the Rebels -To the Prince of IValdeck, for Arms, Camp Equipage, $c. of WaldeckTroops taken by the Spanish Troops at

the Capture of Pensacolu -

A a

78 18 2

772 8 1

29 17 —

37 19 " 24,ib7 4 3

540-----

1,000 -

15 2 —

2,904 12 S

130,136 i 8* 10,000 — —

6,480 2 4

2,582 8 4

17,707 9 a

1,630 13 9

To

Army Extraordiiwries.

90 24° Januarii. A. 1783.

Dates of Warrant*.

1782.

March 26. To John Nutting, Esquire, for his Expences and Losses in going to Penobscott, for the Purpose of building a Fort

there ....

27. To Ensign Sam! Walter of the 84th Regiment

of Foot, for his Expences, §c. on being sent from Quebec in November 1780, to New York, with Dispatches from General Haldimand to Sir Henry Clinton -

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut General Sir John Burgoyne, on Account of Money expended for the Recovery of the Sick belonging to the Troops under his Command at Rio de Janeiro -

dC* di

306 2 6

132 -

447-----

January 20.

26. Feb 12. March 1. 7-13-30.

1781.

December 19.

1782. February 1.

6.

7-

15-

20.

27-

28.

March 8.

15-

19.

To Bills of Dxchange of this Date, drawn by Rob' Haldane

shaw, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in the West Indies, on Account of Expences incurred for the Ule and Service of the said

Forces ---- 4,725 ---

To D* of this Date, drawn by D®, for D° Service - - 375 — —

To D® of this Date, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - 1,400-----

To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 1,500-

To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D* Service - - 3,150-----

To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 1,650 — - —

To D* of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 3,200 ——

To M. G. Tottenham, for 3 8 Days Pay as Brigadier General in the Leeward Islands, to lft Aug. 1781, and Captain Fitch, as Major of Brigade of D®, for the same Time - 76 — —

To Jrt MervinNooth, Esquire, for 442 Days Pay as Super-

intendent General of the Hospitals in North America, to 24th June 1780 -

For the Pay of Hospital Officers in the Island of Jamaica,

viz'.

Dart Mandeville, Esquire, as Purveyor, for 356 Days,

to 24 December 1780 - 445----

Edu/ Horler, as Chief Surgeon, for 304

Days, to D® - - - - 152 — —

To Doctor Jrt Hunter, for 406 Days Pay as Physician to the Forces at Jamaica, to 24th December 1781 To FI Parkhurst, Esquire, for 275 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 30th January 1782 To F. W. Hecht, Gent, for 166 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 23d December 1781 To M. G. Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d February

1782 - -' ....

To Messrs. Powell and Cook, for the Pay of several supernumerary Officers of Invalids, from 25th December 1780 to 24th ’December 1781 -

To Lieut. General Boyd, for 182 Days additional Pay as Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, to 24th June 1779 To Jri Morrison, Esquire, for 93 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in America, to 2d October 1781 To General G. A. Eliott and Lieut. General Boyd, for additional Pay as Staff Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, while invested by the Enemy, for 366 Days, to 24th December 1780 -

To Roger Johnston, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 20th December

1781 -.....-

To Fret Rush Clarke, Gent, for 210 Days Pay as Inspector and Superintendent of the Provision Train attending the Army in America -

To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for 211 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in America, to 30th October

1781 - ....

To Sir Jrt Burgoyne, for 169 Days Pay as Commissary

for mustering Foreign Troops in America, to 8th March

1782 -- ....

To Sir Hert Calder, Baronet, for 366 Days Pay as Brigadier

General at St. Lucia, to 24th December 1780

1,326-----

597 -

406 — — 412 10 — 166----

460----

1,380 17 4

364 -

139 10 —

4,575 — —

365 -

210----

366 10 —

338 -

549 -

Jt* t. d.

31,128 11

16,000 — —

To

43 Geo. III.

34° Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

17S2. March 22 .

August 6.

October 11.

March 15.

22.

January 23.

February 1.

20.

March 22.

January 2. February 1.

January 23.

28.

February 1.

28.

To Colonel tVilliamson, Deputy Adjutant General, for 53 Days additional Allowance, to 5 July 1781, during which Time he acted as Adjutant General -To Major Duncan Drummond, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of Accounts in North , to 17th

January 1782 -....

To General G. A. Elliott and Lieut. General Boyd, for additional Pay as Staff Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar while inverted by the Enemy, for 183 Days, to 24th December 1779 -

To General G. A. Eliott, to be paid over to sundry Persons for their Pay as Extra Staff Officers at To Rich* Edwards, Esquire, for 400 Days Allowance as

Governor of Newfoundland, to 6th May 1782 -

£ d.

26 10 —

i,<»95 — —

2,287 10 — 6,822----

600-----

To Messrs. JVm Tod and Company, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland ---- 161 1 11

To David Skeene, Esquire, for the 50th Year’s Allowance for superintending the Repairs of Roads and Bridges in

North Britain ----- 500-----

To Messrs. Kempt and Son, for Necessaries, Oatmeal, and Money, issued for the Use of the Forces in Noi'th Britain ---- 3,786 10 2

To Major WmBrowne, for Coals, Candles, 8$c. for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 - - - 47 16 —

To Jrt ffemyss, Esquire, late Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, for D* for the Forces there, from lft July

to 30th September 1781- - - - 229 14 6

To Colonel Jai Lowlher, for D® for 2 Companies of the Cumberland Militia while in Scarborough~Castle, in the Years 1779 and 1780 - - - - 69 ll —

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, Mailer of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying sundry additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards, and the Officers and Surgeons Rooms in the said Barracks, with Coals and Candles, from 25th June to 24th December

1781 - - -.....- 234 15 —

To And" Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock ---- - 500 -

To Lord Sheffield, for Grass Money for the 2 2d Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1781 - - -» - - - 638 13 —

To L. G. Pitt, for D® for the 10th Regiment of Dragoons,

in D® Summer -.....- 638 13 —

To Colonel Harcourt, for D® for the 16th Regiment of

Dragoons, in D® Summer - - - 647 10 3

To Captain Chet Baillie, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Company of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to 8th June 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - - 141106

To Captain D. Ord, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D* to 27th September 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 405 4 —

To Captain Rob' Riddell, for D® of D* of his Company of Foot, from D° to 13th December 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - 515 2 4

To M. G. Rainsford, for D® of D® of the 99th Regiment of Foot, from D° to lft June 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - - 1,334 4 —

To Captain Saunders, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D° to 12th December 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 2191 —

To the Duke of Beaufort, for the Subsistence of a Volunteer Company to the Monmouthshire Militia, previous to its Establishment - - - - 135 7 3

To Captain N. Blake, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Company

£. td.

Army Extraoraiavict.

22,562 7 4

4,447 12 1

1,081 16 6

1,924 16 3

of

Army Extraordinaries.

240 Januarii,

A- 1783.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

of foot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to the 15th October 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain David Ross, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D® to 20th November 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain L. P. Jones for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D® to 10th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

March 1. To Lieut. Colonel JaStuart, for D® of D* of his Regiment of Foot, from D° to 27th December 1779 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establifti-ment -

6. To Captain Farquharson, for D* of D# of his Company of Foot, from D® to 9th November 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain John Fraser, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 10th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain TV"Thomas, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 31st October 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -22. To Captain R. Beacroft, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 2d June 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

July 4. To Captain Fitzgerald, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 13th October 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Campbell, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 8th January 1782 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Walker, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 14th February 1782 (exclusive) die Commencement of their Establishment - -

To Captain Jri Mackenzie, for D* of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 13th February 1782 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

«£'. ft d.

275 2 —

537 16 4

128 6 6

2,125 12 10

349 2 3 182 16 8 283 14 — 79 1 6 231 9 4

712 2 10 499 — 2

774 8 6

January 31. To Messrs Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - - - 209 610

February 6. To Messrs. Cox, Mair, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° - - - 2,830 5 —

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D®, of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D® from D® to D° - - - 2,782 5 2

20. To G. Aust, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the.

Isle of Man Fencible Men, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - 42 — 10

To Benj" Andrews, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 30th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 17th March 1781 to 24th December following - - - 151 14 7

To N. Collyer, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of Sir Thomas Egerton's Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following ---- - 60 74

To WillCoxcden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of

Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at

Chatham Barracks - - - . - - 1001011

To Edm* Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®, and for the Allowance of

Bread Money for sundry Independent Companies at

Chatham Barracks - 3 00 48

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D® to D® - 25S 7 6

f . ft d*

8,929 2 —

To

25 Geo. III. 240 Januarii,

Oates of Warrants.

1782. February 20.

March 2.

1781. August 3.

November 14.

1782. January 11.

To Ja' Hockett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 3d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 17th March 1781 to 24th December following -

To Alex' Anderson, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the lft Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

40. s

151 14 7

*37 10 8

17-

38.

3»-

February 6.

1.

20.

VOL. 39.

To fVm Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the East and West Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from the 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - 146 13 2

To Messrs. Peart and Comcay, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for 0", from D° to D* - - - 293 14 6

To George Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Derbyshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from D° to 1)° - - - - " - - - 76 10 5

To Thd Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the East and West Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1781 to 24 December following - - 139 17 9

To Keene Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Northampton Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to D° - - - - 1101S10

To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D* of the lft West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for I)8, from D8 to D* - - - 84 5 10

To Henry Hunter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the North Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from D'to D8 - - - 73 17

To IV" Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the West and East Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for L)8, trom I)8 to 1)° ---- 146 13 2

To In‘ Lumbe, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Wiltshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from

D8 to D8.....- - 106 13 6

To Mess. Adair and Bullock, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for I)8, from D8 to D8 - - - - 570 — 11

To V. Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Dorset and East Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8 ----- 161 11 10

To Messrs. Cos, Mair, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D8 of the Berkshire and Glamorganshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 ---- 263 7 —

To Messrs. Gray and Ogitoie, to enable them to reimburse D8 of the Buckinghamshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following ----- 84 15 10

To Chd Graves, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the North Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8 - - - - 97 15 8

To Jrt Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the West Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 - - 165 14 —

To Thd Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the West and East Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June

1781.....140 13 4

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D8 of the Durham and Merionethshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Corps whilst in Barracks - - 35^ *5 5

To George Aust, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Cambridgeshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - 65 14 —

To E.Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Hertfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8 - 76 12 8

Bb

93

£. s. d.

7,024 8 1

To

Army Ex-

truoi oiiianft*

94

Amy Ex- Dat*‘ of Warrant*, traordinaries. " " *"

1782. February 20.

March 1.

March 22.

January 23.

July 19.

May 23.

June 14*

21.

1781.

November 14.

December 19. 1782. January 2.

23-

December 6.

24* Januarii.

To Jd Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -To W" Feild, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West and East Essex Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D* -To John Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D# of the Denbighshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D% from D° to D°

To Wm Ghost, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Isle of Wight Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 To Jre Radcliffe, to enable him to reimburse D® of the

South Devon Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from

D® to D*.....-

To Jrt Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Carnarvon and Flintshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

To S. Holliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D°

To Messrs. Bisshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® -

To G. Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Cheshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D" to D®....

£. s. d.

84 4 'o

149 M —

41 9 11

16 9 1

133 10 10

39 4 6

113 5 —

503 19 9 76 9 4

To sundry Agents, to be paid over and applied to the Use of the Effective Private Men of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, as an Equivalent to the Poundage deducted from the Pay of the Private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry on the British Establishment,

from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - 9,796 4 6

To D®, for D® Service, from 25th December 1781 to

34th April 1782 ----- 6,981 5 6

/------ o —

the 60th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1775 to 24th December following -

To D®, for D® of D* Battalion, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 -

To D®, for D® of D® Battalion, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 -

To D®, for D® of D® Battalion, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 -To D®, for D® of I>® Battalion, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779- - -

To D®, for D® of D® Battalion, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To Colonel MCarmick, for D® of the 93d Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following To Lieut. General Boyd, for D® of the 39th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 To Lieut. General Baugh, for D° of the 58th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D"

to 24th December following -

For the D* of the North Lincoln D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Hertfordshire D®, from D° to D® -For the D® of the East Riding York D®, from D° to D* -For the D* of the AngleseaD®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Durham D®, from D* to D®

For the D® of the Northern Regiment of Fencible Men, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781

49 8 —

151 5 6

92 11 6

100 16 6-

120 17 6

96 1 6

127 7 —

60 13 5

76 2 8

5th June 17 ’80

89 18 —

190 3

127 3 —

278 15 5

117 5 8

31 1 8

202 8 8

A. 1783.

£, s. d-

4,320 12 X

16,777 10 —

875 3 7

1,036 15 5 Tp

23 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. January 23.

February \.

28.

March 11. February 1.

21.

1.

1781.

December 19.

1782. February 21.

1781. November 14.

1782. January 23.

February 1.

20.

VOL. 39,

III. Januarii.

To M. G. for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 83d Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1781 ----- ,£.284 14 —

To Lieut. General Fraser, for providing D° for 2 Companies of the 71 ft Regiment of Foot, for D° Year. - 38 — —

To Lieut. Colonel fVhyte, for providing D° for the 96th

Regiment of Foot, for D® Year - 203 1 6

To Sir Henry Clinton, in lieu of 200 Days Nett Offreckonings to the lft Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot To D®, in lieu of 200 Days D® of Additionals to the 2d Battalion of D® Regiment -To M. G. Sand ford, in lieu of 121 Days D® of Additionals to the 101st Regiment of Foot - -

To M. G. Rau’ky, in lieu of 121 Days D® of Additionals to the I02d Regiment of Foot -

u

of Additionals 251 18 —

251 18 —

337 8 — 341 10 4

To General Conway, for Bat Horses for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, ordered to be in Readinels to take the Field in the Year 1779 ----- 100 — —

To the Captains of sundry Independent Companies, for Bat Baggage and Forage for their respefftive Companies, in Consideration of their having taken the Field in the

Year 1781.....- 235-----

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for additional Bat Horses to carry the Blankets of their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field in Jersey and Guernsey - -- -- - 500 — —

To General Conway, for Baggage Horses for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field in the Year 1779 ....

To M. G. Warde, for 181 Days Forage for himself and one Aid de Camp, for the Campaign 1781 ---- 126 14 —

To Captains Baker and Smith, in lieu of 200 Days Forage,

as Majors of Brigade in the Leeward Islands - - 100-----

To Sir Geo. Howard, to make good a Deficiency of Forage for the lft Regiment of-Dragoon Guards, in the Years

1778 and 1780.....- 250 — —

To the Majors of Brigade, in lieu of Forage during the Campaign between 14th May and 10th November 1781..... 54 6 —

To George Lampriere, Esquire, to be paid over to Thcf Pipon, Esquire, for Bedding, <yc. for the Troops wounded in the Action at Jersey on the 6th January 1781 - ....

To M. G. Morrison, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 To L. G. Parker, for the Contingent Expences of the Camp at Warley

Common, 1781.....-

To Colonel Townsend, for Clerks, Stationary Ware, Postage, and other Contingencies, on Account of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

To John Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to make good to the Field Officer and Captain of the Carnarvonshire Militia, the usual Allowance of Contingent Men, from the Time the said Corps was compleat to 24th December 1780 -

To E. B. Dele Fontaine, Master of the Barracks in the Savoy, for providing Utensils for the Infirmary and Barracks there, during the Year

1781 - ....

To M. G. Morrison, for the Contingent Expences of the Assistants to the Quarter Master General, and the Pay of an extra Assistant, from 25th December 1780 to 24th Decembej' 1781 -To fVm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, Syc.of the Foot Guards Rooms, Orderly Rooms, and Sutlers,

Somerset House Barracks, and Recruit House, in full for one Year, to 24th December 1780 -

To M. G. Calcraft, to be paid over to sundry Persons for Damages done to their Grounds by the Camps near Chatham -

Army Ex-£ 9. d. traordiuariei.

525 15

1,182 14 4

835 -

90

53»-----

57 9 1

239 9 — 100----

367 — 2

46 7 3

125 1 6

378 19 3

1,260 12 7 130----

To

Army Extraordwaries.

96 34* Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. February 21.

28.

March 1.

22.

Date of Treasury Letter.

August 20.

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for cloatliing of additional Men to their respective Regiments, to fill up the Vacancies usually allowed for the Captains Contingencies - -

To Lieut. Colonel Whyte, for Knapsacks for the 96th Regiment of Foot To Robert Adair, Esquire, on Account for sundry Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, 8gc. -

To M. G. Fawcett, for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following To M. G. Morrison, to be paid over to several Persons for the Hire of Grounds for the Camps 1781, and Damage done thereon -

To Lord Adam Gordon, for the Contingent Expences of the Forces under his Command in the North East District during the Campaign 1781 To Lieut. General Parker, for Reviewing the Militia -To Colonel Williamson, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1781: And for the Expences of Adjutant General’s Office, from 14th May 1781 to 24th June following - -

To M. G. Morris, for the Contingent Expences at tire Camp at Ranmere Common, 4780 -

To L. G. Haviland, for the Contingent Expences of the Camps near Plymouth

in the Year 1780 -

‘To Major Lister, to replace 5 Horses of his Corps of Dragoons, which were burnt by a Fire that happened at Ashburton 16th January 1782 -To Mr. Clement Smith, for the Toll of the Forces passing over Richmond Bridge - .....-

To Mr. Anderson, on Account of 121 Days Subsistence of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, to 24th April 1782, serving in the East Indies - - - £. 81 13 6

Secretary at War’s Letter.

November 8. To D°, for 121 Days D° of a Detachment of D® Battalion, to D®....

162 6 10

Treasury Letter.

August 30. To Messrs. Bisshopp and C®, on Account of 121 Days Subsistence of the ift Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, to 24th April 1782, serving in the East Indies - 420 9 6

24. To Messrs. Cox and C®, on Account of 121 Days Subsistence of the 100th Regiment of Foot, to D®, serving in D® - - - 124 8 —

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

665 10 —

214 — ——

2,000 — —

271 16 —

222 15 4

99 18 8

600

513 17 8

23 »3 —

394 18 2

7* 8 —

!l9 10 5

788 17 10

296,507 )4 3

N. B. "When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents of sundry Corps serving in the East Indies.

War Office, 33d January 1783.

Geo. Y

An

2 3 Geo. III.

240 Januarii.

97

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of April 1782 and the 9th of November following, and not provided for by Parliament.

Army ExtraordinariM.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

April 11. To Anthony Richardson, Esquire, for Provhions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in the Leeooard Islands and Jamaica - £. 4,440

May 16. To Ditto, for D® Service ——

June 10. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of Ditto Forces -

July 4. To Ditto, for D® delivered at , for the Use of D*

Forces -

April n. To Adam Drummond, Moses Franks, and Jrt Nesbitt,

Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America -

May 3. To Ditto, for D# delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces -

To Ditto, for D* Service - -

To Ditto, for D* Service -

June 10. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of Ditto Forces -

27. To Ditto, for D* delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces -

April 11. To Chris Potter, John DearmanAndrew Jordain, and

Rich* Shaw, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America -May 10. To Ditto, for D® Service -

16. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

June 19. To Ditto, for D® Service -

27. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D* Forces -

Aprilli. To Benjamin Smith, William Fitzhugh, and Richard Peacock, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in America 19. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces -

June 10. To Ditto, for D® Service -

May 10. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D* Forces -

July 4. To Ditto, for D* Service -

19. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of Ditto Forces -

April 11. To Sir William James, Baronet, Abel Smith, and Richard Atkinson, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in Canada -

To Ditto, for D® delivered at Waterford, for the Use of D® Forces -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D* Service -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

May 16. To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

June 6. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces - -

10. To Ditto, for D* Service -

27. To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D* Service -

To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Ditto, for D* Service -

July4. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Coioes, for the Use of D° Forces -

Vol. 39. C c

£ 4,440 15 4

3,115 16

h,959 13 7

2,317 8 4

7,094 1 4

6,008 3 10

5,837 17

6,038 12 6

4,937 9

5,796 5 7

13,500 8

5,531 11 4

27,494 4 9

8,682 16 11

8,937 10 4

23,274 13 7

4,677 8 _

16,096 17 4

11,694 2 7

879 6 9

6,296 12 4

8,456 4 —

7,352 18 6

7,352 — 3

3,723 1 1

4,772 7 11

3,627 13 —

2,185 5 —

1,908 19 2

4,474 18 6

7,635 16 8

463 4 —

4,991 7 3

3,757 15 2

2,281 16 —

4,472 — 3

2,337 2 —

To

(Bcyerlscfc* ] 8taateblbllofh«k MQnchan J

14? Jamarii

A. 1785

98

Army Extraordiaarie*.

Dates of Warrant*.

782.

April 11. To Henry William Mason and Henry Blundell, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in Canada -

July Ar To Ditto, for D* delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces -

April 19. To Robert Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America May 3. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces.....-

10. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces -

16. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D* Forces -

June 10. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ....

July 19. To the Assigneea of Rolf Mayne, Esquire, for Ditto Service -

April 19. To Lawrence Cox, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America May 3. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cork for the Use of D® Forces - -

April 25. To George Browne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America May 3. To Ditto, fdr D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces -

July 4. To Ditto, for D® Service -

8. To Ditto, for extra Expenses attending the Delivery of wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Cork -April 25. To Major Hermker, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America May 16. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D" Forces - -

April 25. To William Devaynes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America July 19. To Ditto, for P® Service -

April 11. To J. B. French, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica ....

Jujie 10. To Ditto, for D® Service -

July4. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use

of D® Forces -....

April 25. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at for the Use of the Forces

in Nova Scotia, Island of St. John’s, Penobscott, and Newfoundland -

June 27. To Ditto, for D* Service - — ' -

July 8. To Ditto, for the extra Expence attending the Delivery of wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Cork May 3. To William Mills, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in America 16. To Ditto, for D® Service -

June 27. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D" Forces -

May3. To Richard Vernon Sadleir, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica -

June 27. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Corves, for the Use of D® Forces ——

May 16. To Eduard Lewes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in America June 27. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ....

July 8. To Ditto, for the extra Expence attending the Delivery of wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Cork 19. To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America -

May 16. To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica ....

July 4. To Ditto, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D*

Forces - -

June 27. To John Whitelock, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at

Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in Canada

£ s d.

3.925 1 —

303 18 2 1,101 18 4 3,881 — 7 3,286 5 — 3.887 5 10

1,400 — — 882 8

1,858 4 — 3,617 14 2 5,583 10 —

7,944 11 10

7.591 1 7

933 10 11

5,703 3 8

7,485 5 5

3,59° 13 8

2,488 10 6

2,886 11 8

203 2 6

974 18 8

2,785 16 —

9^58 6 11

eo OO 16 5

3,880 8 —

3,887 14 11

2,728 12 —

5,769 9 9

2,120 2 4

7,753 2 6

3,155 2 —

1,024 10 5

1,208 4 4

7,699 4 7

2,538 16 —

439 2 2

1

To

99

23 Geo. III. 240 Jam&rii.

Date? of Warrants*

17.82. May 3.

17.

£. *.

To John Grier, Administrator to John Grier, deceased, late Agent Victualler at Senegal, for Commission on Supplies furnished for the Senegambia Contract, from 12th May 1777 to 30th June 1778, and for his Salary for the same Time - - 3*7 4 4

To Messrs. Richardson, Eden, and Court, Merchants, for Madeira Wine shipped for the Use of the Garriibn at Goree - - - - 1,067 5 10

X 383»a74 4 6 Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland,

8$c. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1782, for that

Service.....26,401 17 5

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign Forces in North America, 8$c. apply the Sum voted 1

upon Estimate 1782, for that Service - 18,540 6 6

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British D* serving in the West Indies, apply the Sum voted

upon D°.....11,268 5 1

Also the Sum voted upon D*, for Provisions for the Forces serving in

Africa.....2,072 6 7

Also the Sum voted upon D*, for Provisions for the British Forces serving at Gibraltar ----- 12,303 9 8

Also the Sum voted upon D°, for Provisions for the Foreign D° serving at D* - ----- 3,130 3 5

Also the Sum stopped for Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America and the West Indies, between the 25 th of April 1782 and the 24th of August following ----- 24,671 6 6

And also Cash received at sundry Times

of General Eliott, Governor of Gi

faltar, on Account of Subsistence of the Forces serving in that Garrison - 14,850 ——

--------- U3.237 15 2

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Lord Mountstuart, for Provisions and Supplies for the Forces in the late Garrison of Minorca 1,518 4 2

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Horace Mann, for

Ditto Service ----- - 4,000-----

April 11. To Henry Budd, Esquire, for keeping up complete Provisions at

Guernsey -.....- 313 — 4

To Ditto, for D° Service - - - - 313 — 4

May 10. To Ditto, for keeping up complete Provisions in the Island

of Jersey - - 313 — 4

July 8. To the Representatives of Henry Budd, for Provisions laid

up in Store at Guernsey - - - 1,752 16 8

To Ditto, for Provisions kept up in Stoie in Ditto Island - 383 15 3

19. To Ditto, for D° Service - - - - 313 — 4

April 11. To HiUiam Budd, Esquire, for keeping up complete Provisions at Guernsey ----- 300----

To Ditto, for D* Service ---- 300-----

To Ditto, for D* Service ---- 300----

May 10. To Ditto, for keeping up complete Provisions in the Island

of Jersey - -- -- - 300----

July8. To Ditto, for D* Service ---- 383 15 3

July 19. To John Bond, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account as Contractor for furnishing the Tioops encamped in England in 1781 with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage ----- 924 3 1

April 19. To John Maton, Esquire. by way of Advance and on Account of his Contract for supplying Bread, Forage,

Wood, and Straw to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1782 - 15,000-----

Vol. 39.

£ 4 £

270,036 9 4

5,518 4 3

4,972 8 6

15,924 3 *

To

Army Exit AoriauMnef.

IOO

24° Janu

A. 1783.

Aimy Ex- Dates of Warrants,

traordinaries. -

1782.

April 10. To Captain Richard Bailey, for 365 Days Pay for superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Cloathing, Camp Equipage, fyc. for the Forces Abroad, to toth March 1782 - - - - 182 10 —

11. To the Representatives of Daniel Wier, Esquire, de-

ceaied, for his Pay for 284 Days as Superintendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army in North America, to 12th November 1781 ----- 568----

12. To Mary Richmond, Widow, for 148 Days Pay of

Richmond, her late Husband, as Ifluer of Provisions at Goree, to 5th of April 1781 - - - 25 18 —

May 10. To Gregory Townshend, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as an

Assistant Commissary in Americato 24th December

1781 365----

To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 395 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 30th of April

1782 .....- - 395 -

16. For 365 Days Pay of sundry Officers of the Hospital attending the Forces in Great Britain, to 24th December

1781 ----- 912 10 —

To Lieut General Sir William Draper, for 725 Days additional Pay as Lieut Governor of the Gamfon of Fort St. Philip in Minorca, to 25th December

»78» - - -.....- 1,450 -

23. For the Pay of sundry Majors of Brigade in Great Britain, for the Years 1780 and 1781 - 1,980----

June 8. To Captain Henry Grave, for 1,604 Days Pay as Barrack-

Master at Dominica, to 7th September 1778 - - 481 4 —

To Lieut William C. Campbell, for 1,153 Days Pay as

Ditto at D*, to 2d April 1774 - - - 345 18 —

June 28. To Francis Rush Clarke, Gent for 156 Days Pay as Inspector and Superintendant of the Provision Train of

Horses and Waggons attending the Army in America - 156--

To Major General Fawcett, for 89 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to

2d May 1782 ----- 445----

July 4. To Captain Wall, for 183 Days additional Pay as Commandant of the African Corps, and of the Island of

Goree, to 24th December 1781 - - - - 183 — —

11. To Major General Morrison, for 731 Days additional Pay as Quarter Master General, to 24th of December

1781 - - - 731----

To Major General Faucitt, for 354 Days additional Pay

as Adjutant General, to 24th of June 1782 - - 354-----

20. To General Eliott and Lieut. General Boyd, for 365 Days additional Pay as Governor and Lieut Governor of Gibraltar, to 24th December 1781 - - - 4,562 10 —

Paid Major Hayman Rooke, 182 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24th June

1782 -.....136 10 —

April 26. To Major General Skene, for Bat Baggage, and Forage for Five Companies of the 99th Regiment of Foot being ordered to serve

Abroad ---- - 250----

May 23. To Major General Morrison, for Bat Baggage, and Forage for Four Companies of the 75th Regiment of Foot, having taken the Field at Goree in the Year

1779.....232 10 —

June 28. To Meffirs. Bishopp and C", to be paid over to sundry Officers of the Fencible Regiments, in Consideration of their being ordered to take the Field in North Britain - 612 10 —

June 21. To the Captains of Four independent Companies, for Forage during the Time they were encamped in Guernsey 1781 - - 93 4 —

To Colonel Whyte, for Forage for the 96th Regiment of

Foot while encamped in Guernsey 1781 - 266 4 —

To Sir William Boothby, for Forage for the 6th Regiment

of Foot, while encamped at Jersey 1781 - - - 385 — —

To Sir John Sebright, for Forage for the 18th Regiment of

Foot, while encamped at Jersey and Guernsey 1781 - 330 4 —

3

13.274 -

1,095 -

To

23 Geo. III.

24° JattuarU.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. June 21.

July 19.

20.

June 8.

21.

To Colonel Scott, for Forage for the 83d Regiment of Foot, while encamped at Jersey 1781 -

To Major General Reid, for Forage for the 95th Regiment of Foot, while encamped at D° 1781 To the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for Forage for the Campaign 1782 To Captain A. Mackay, for Forage, as Major of Brigade in North Britain, for the Campaign 1780

£. d.

555 —

347 12 —

5,180----

34 6 —

28.

July 4.

19-

25.

28.

Secretary at War's Letter.

Jlay28.

To George Gartner, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials furnitlied for the Forces in the Year 1781, to compleat a Warrant of this Date, 17,076/. 10 5. 2d.

To Lieut. General Haviland, for the contingent Expences of the Forces encamped in the Neighourhood of Plymouth — Campaign 1781

To Colonel Maister, to make good to the Field Officers and Captains of the East Riding of York Militia their usual Allowance of contingent Men, from the Time the said Regiment was compleat to the 24th December 1781 -

To Colonel Hans Sloane, to make good to D° of the North Hampshire Militia their usual Allowance of Ditto, from the Time the said Regiment was compleat to D8 To Sir George Howard, for Damages done to his Grounds, by the Troops encamped on Ranmere Common, in Surrey, in the Year 1780 To Mefirs. Meyrick, to be paid over to sundry Officers, for their contingent Expences on the Recruiting Service in Ireland -To Meffis. Cox, Mair, and Cox, for the Expences incurred by Witnesses in coming to and returning from England, on the late Lieut. Governor Corbet's Trial ---- T -

To Colonel Townshend, for his contingent Disbursements, as Inspector

General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th December 1781 ——

To William Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in

Repairs, §c. of the Horle and Foot Guards, for One Year, to lft January 1781 ——

To Major General Roy, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Master General and Commissary General of the Forces, from 25th December 1781

to 24th June 1782 -....

To Major General Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1781 to 24th of June 1782 -

To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for Blankets for the Troops in England -To Colonel Townshend, for the contingent Expences of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1783 -

To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for making out a List of the Army, for the Year 1782 -

To Mr. Anderson, on Account of Subsistence of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782, serving in the East

June 7.

Treasury I,eU<iT.

August 28.

Secry. at War's Letter. November 8.

Warrant of 3d July.

Treasury Letter.

August 4.

Secry. at War’s Letter.

June 13.

Indies

To Ditto, on Account of D# of D8 Battalion, for the said

Year....

To Mr. Anderson, on Account of 61 Days Subsistence of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, to 24th June 1782, serving in the East Indies -

To Ditto, for 122 Days D# of a Detachment of Ditto Battalion, to 24th of August 1782 -

To Meffi s. Bishopp and C#, on Account of Subsistence of the lft Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, serving in the East Indies -

To Ditto, on Account of 122 Days D8 of D8 Battalion, to 24th of August 1782 -

Treasury Letter.

August 24.

Vo l. 39.

To Meffis. Meyrick, on Account of Subsistence of the 78th Regiment of Foot, for the Y'ear 1782, serving in the East Indies -

To Mefirs. Cox and C°, on Account of 122 Days Subsistence of the 1 ooth Regiment of Foot, to 24th August 1782, serving in D8

300----

400 —

41 3 6

163 13 8

10,200

233 6 6

32 — 6

Dd

170 16 —

IOI

Army Extraordinaries.

7,192 1 —

2,087 2 11

435 7 —

115 19 —

176 17 4

254 16 3

1,093 8 6

322 9 — 1,697 8 4

1,375 4 7

229 19 —

248 9 2,130 19 3

344 6 4

106 16 —

To

102

240 Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

Secry. at War's Letter.

April 8. To Messrs. Car and C8, on Account of Subsistence of the 101st Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782, serving in the East Indies ....

To Mr. Adair, on Account of D# of the I02d Regiment of Foot, for D* Year, serving in D8 .

Treasury Letter.

August 20. To Ditto, on Account of 6i Days Subsistence of Ditto Regiment, to 24th August 1782 -

A. 1783.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

21 7 —

21 7 —

I3i 3 —

11,714 17 *

340,346 5 9

N. B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit in a future Account of Extraordinaries for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents of sundry Corps serving in the East Indies.

War Office,

23d January 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 589,931.13 s. 9 Part of the Sum of 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1782, paid by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

Dates of Warrants.

£. s. d.

1782.

May 9. To Thomas Harley and Henry D Esquires, to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces £. s. d.

serving in North America ----- 60,000----

June 25. To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving inD° ----- 298,428 11 1

May 10. To Bills of Exchange drawn by George Ferguson, Esquire,

for Public Services - 116 — —

To Ditto, for D* Service ---- 1,596 -

16. To Ditto, for D° Service - - - 217----

358,428 11 1

1,929-----

May 10. To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Campbell, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - 1,126 4 7

16. To Ditto, for D* Service - - - - 854 13 gf

June 16. To Ditto, for D* Service - - - 292 10 —

-------- 2,273 8

May 10. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Alea* Cameron, Esquire,

for Public Services - - - 1,113 16 5$

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Norman M‘ , Esquire,

for Public Services ---- 1,663 J9 6

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Campbell, Esquire, for Public Services - 18,977 9 3

16. To Ditto, for D8 Service - - - 30,000-----

--------- 48,977 9 3

10. To Bills of Exchange drawn by James Murray, Esquire, for Public Services ----- 4,675 9 2|

16. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Peter Chester, Esquire, for

Public Services ----1 8113I

June 16. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Fredk Haldimand, Esquire,

for Public Services ---- 500 — —

To

43 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

40 Januarii.

103

17S2.

June 16. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Robert Pringle, Esquire, for Public Services a

To Bills of Exchange drawn by James , Esquire,

for Public Services - - - - .

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by John Kirkbeck, on Account of English Prisoners from Mahon To a Bill of Exchange drawn by John Collett, on Account of D* Service - -

May 1. To Bills of Exchange of this Date, drawn by H.

Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in the West Indies, on Account of Expences incurred for the Use and Service of the said Forces June 1. To Ditto of this Date, drawn by D#, for D* Service -

July 1. To Ditto of this Date, drawn by D°, for D° Service -August 1. To Ditto of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service -12. To Ditto of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service -24. To Ditto of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service -

£. s. d.

82 12 9

200----

66 16 6 16 3 10

24,260-----

2,700-----

4.300 -

4,9°°----

1.300 -

3i,75o-----

69,210 —

17.

May 2.

April 12. To Peter Chester, Esquire, late Governor of West Florida, for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of that Province, from the ift January 1781 to 12th of May following -- 113 18 4

To Captain Lieut. Henry Webb, of the 85th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner by an American Privateer - - - - 41 3 —

To Ensign Henry Bowen, of the 16th Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of his Leg in the Action near Camden, South Carolina, 16th August 1780 ----- 166 18 4

To Messrs. Bishopp and Brummell, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 89th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by the Hurricane at St. Lucia, 11th

October 1780 - - -- -- 81 13 6

To Lieut. Colonel Coore, for the Losses he sustained when shipwrecked in the Lydia Transport near Long Island, the 25th December 1778, and likewise when taken Prisoner by the Survilant Frigate, 18th of June 1780 - - - - 46 15 —

To Captain Lamb, of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner by an American Privateer, 26th October 1780 - - - 47 — 6

To Sir John Hamilton, for Necessaries and Pay of himself and other Officers in the Navy, for the Time they were employed in defending Quebec when it was besieged by the Rebels in the Year 1775 ----- 993 18 1

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding and divers Utensils for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward

Islands - - - -.....1,768 7 6

To Ditto, for Stores for the Use of the Hospital at New

York ---- - 243 2 —

To Walter M‘ Allen, Esquire, for Stores and Provisions supplied for the Brigantine Botetourt, formerly belonging to the Government of Grenada - - - 338 12 2

To Henry Delamaine and Son, for Prime Cost, Freight, and Insurance of 180 Pipes of Madeira Wine, for the Use of the Hospitals in the L Islands - - 9>552 10 4 To Messrs. Cope and Bignell, Merchants, for 836 Pounds of Bread delivered into Store at Pensacola - - - 23 8 3

To John Ingram, Merchant, for a Quantity of Calks and Hoops lolt by the Capture of the Elizabeth Victualler employed in His Majesty’s Service - 23 2 6

To Captain Mathew Pitts, late Commanding Engineer at St. Lucia, for Money disbursed for Works carried on between 24th August 1780 and 23d of January 1781, by Order of Major General Vaughan - 2,877 18 lo

To Samuel Clare, Esquire, for Losses of sundry Officers of the 93d Regiment of Foot, when taken on Board the Good Intent Transport by the Rambler Privateer - 84 6 —

Vol. 39.

17-

June 7.

21.

14.

18.

21.

Army Ex-Jj. S. d. traordmaries.

130,789 17 d

To

Army Extraordiwiirics.

104

44° Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.'

1782.

June 22.

28. July 4.

5.

11.

May 2.

June 28.

To Major General Tryon, being, the Balance due to him as Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Province of A 'ew York, between the 19th January 1775 and

22d March 1780 -....

To Captain Hankins, of the Ship Ceres, for taking Lieut.

General Cat'lcton to America....

To Render Mason, Esquire, for Charges and Commission

in remitting for the Troops in East Florida, between the 25th April 1778 and 24th August 1779 -

To Ensign I. W. Molesuorth, of the 46th Regiment of Foot, for his extra Expences in his Passage to join the said Regiment at St.Lucia, 1781, being ordered round by Neio York with Recruits for the Forces there -To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for sundry Articles of Cloath-ing for the Forces at New York and Jamaica To Major Cowley, of the 22d Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by a French Privateer in his Way to New York -

£. s. d. 5,5i» 2 4

150 -

L35i 15 4

45 13 — 11,589 4 —

60 16 —

To Sir John Inglis, Baronet, and Thomas Dundas, Esquire, Executor to the late Colonel James Masterton, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, <§r. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and the Barracks of Bernera,

Corgarff, and Bramar, and the Out-post Stations in their Neighbourhood, from 1st January 1781 to 31st of December following - 2,549 10 9

To Lieut. General Mackay, for the contingent Expences

of the Forces in North Britain - - - 300-----

April 10. To Lieut. William Grant, for Coals, Candles, <$’c. for the Forces in Cumberland Fort, from 16th August 1781 to 16th February

1782 -..... 107 8 4

26. To M.Pierrcpoint, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles,

(SfC. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th of

October 1781 to 5th of April 1782 - - - - 1,772 13 3

To Henry Henderson, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces at Hilsea Barracks, Portsmouth - - - 1,61086

May 16. To Joshua Darwin, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, 8$c. for the Forces at Tynmouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 25th August to 24 December 1780 - - - 53 7 —

To Ditto, for D® for the Forces at D°, from 25th of

December 1780 to 17th June 1781 - - - - 70 g —

June 7. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles, for the Forces at Landguard Fort, from 25th of 1781 to 24th of December following - - - 18065

14. To Lieut Governor Irving, for the Balance of his Account of Coals and Candles for the Troops in Guernsey, from 10th October 1779 to 9th October 1781 - - 381 15 5

21. To Lord Elphinstone, for Coals; Candles, c. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from lit October 1781 to 31st December following - - - .- - - 2142 —

To Ditto for D®, for the Forces in D® Castle, from lft of

January 1782 to 31st of March following - - - 228 Ji — 1

28. To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock ---- - 500-----

July 4. To E. B. Dclafontain, for Coals and Candles for the Additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards in the Savoy, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June

1782 - - - 255----

To Joshua Darum, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &;c. for the 10th and 48th Regiments of Foot in Clifford's Fort, from 18th of January 1781 to 28th of January 1782 - 159 11 —

26. To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &;c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island,

&c. from 25th December 1781 to 24 June 1782 - - 430 15 11

May 9. To Major General Phillipson, for Grass Money for the 20th Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1781 - -

April 10. To If. J. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - - 279 5 1

Jl. I78

£. s. d.

35A11 7 —

2,849 i° 9

5,964 7 10 620 6 6

To

43 Geo. III.

Dales of Warrants.

240 Januarii.

1782.

April 10. To H. J. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the £. d. Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 17th and 45 th Regiments at Chatham Barracks ----- - 324 7 2

17. To F. Elwyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th Jtlne 1781 to 24th December following; and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks - - - * 98189

June 7. To A. Lawrie, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Independent Companies of Foot Rationed at Chatham Barracks and Dover Castle, 1781 - - 322 2 —

July 11. To James Hockett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of the 3d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1781 to 24th of June 1782 98 24

April 10. To H. J. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of the East Devon and 2d West Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster s Allowances, from 25th June 1781, to 24 December following - 182 7 7

To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Middlesex and Bedfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D#, from D® to D® - - - - 165 9 6

To Timothy Brent, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D# of the Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from

D® to D*..... 86 13 4

May 9. To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 - -- -- - 382 6 8

June 7. To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of the Durham and Merionethshire Militia, their Stoppages made for D°, from 25th of June 1781 to 24th of December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the Durham Militia, Rationed at Benvick, in the

Year 1781 -..... 196 2 6

July 11. To H. Hunter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse Ditto of the North Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1781 to 24th of June 1782 - 73 17 —

To Messrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D# of the Surrey and Anglesea Militia, the Stoppages made for ' D®, from D® to D® ----- 174 15 2

To S.Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - U3 5 —

To William Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West and East Essex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® ---- 146 jg 10

August 14. To E. Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Hertfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from D® to D* - 76 12 8

July 19. To sundry Agents, to be paid over and applied to the Use of the Effective Private Men of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, as an Equivalent to the Poundage deducted from the Pay of the Private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry on the British Establishment, from the 25th April to 24th June 1782 -

For the Marches of the 27th Regiment of Foot, from 25th

June 1779 to 24th December following - - - 392 1 6

For the D® of the 2 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th

December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - - 105 4 1

For the Ditto of the 18th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June

1779 to 24th December following - - - - 132 10 —

Vo l. 39. E e

May 9.

105

£. s. d.

Army Extraordinaries.

1,122 15 4

»,598 9 3

3,299 14 —

For

Army Extraordinariei.

io 6

Dates of Warrants.

1782. June 7.

34° Januarii.

14.

21.

For the Marches of the 75th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1779 to 24th June 1780 For the Marches, 8$c. of the 97th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the Ditto of the 96th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 - -

July 26. For the Ditto of the 45th Regment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 -For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779- - -

For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780- -

£ 299 s. d. 14 6

203 11 6

518 19 4

179 5 —

539 6 —

298 3 —

May 2.

June 7.

14.

July 26.

April 17. 26.

May 9.

16.

June 7.

June 14.

To Lieut. General Monckton, for the contingent Disbursements of the 17th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th of December

1778 - ....

To Ditto, for D°of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1778

to 24th December 1779 -

To Ditto, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th of December

1779 to 24th December 1780 -

To Major General Massey, for D® of the 27th Regiment of

Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To Ditto, for D* of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To Ditto, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To Major General Morrison, for D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To Colonel Stanton, for D® of the 97th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -To Lieut General Haviland, for D® of the 45th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th of December 1777 ....

110 12 — -

109 10 6

118 2 —

136 9 8

2 66 8 1

266 10 —

86 17 —

182 19 —

145 17 —

For the Marches of the Pembrokeshire Militia, from 25th of December 1779 to 24th June 1780 ----- 230 16 6

For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th of June 1780 to

24th December following - - - - 96 — 6

For the Ditto of the Hriltsliire Militia, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781 ---- 187 17 6

For the Ditto of the Worcestershire Militia, from D® to D® - 334 ion

For the Ditto of the West Kent Militia, from D* to D° - 143 13 —

For the Ditto of the Southern Fencible Men, from D®

to D®.....- - - 166 4 1

For the Ditto of the Dorsetshire Militia, from D® to D® - 264 11 4

For the Ditto of the Sutherland Fencible Men, from D®

to D® - - - -.....218 19 8

For the Ditto of the West Norfolk Militia, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 ----- 186 13 —

For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th

December following ----- 307 5 —

For the Ditto of the East Norfolk Militia, from D® to D® - 279 6 11

For the Ditto of the Oxfordshire D®, from 25th of June 1779

to 24th December following - - - - 180 2 —

For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779

to 24th June 1780.....- 141 17 —

For the Ditto of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24

December following - 164 8 —

For the Ditto of the East Essex Militia, from D® to D® - 225 19 6

For the Ditto of the Derbyshire D®, from D® to D* - - 284 17 —

For the Ditto of the West Middlesex D®, from D® to D® - 213 3 —

For the Ditto of the West Essex D®, from 25th of June 1780

to 24 December following - - - - 20166

For the Ditto of the West Su ffolk D®, from D° to D® - - 148 15 —

For the Ditto of the East Suffolk D°, from D®toD° - - 65 10 —

For the Ditto of the West Suffolk D®, from 25th December

1779 to 24th June 1780 -.....162 3 —

A. 1783.

JO. s. d.

2,668 14 11

M23 5 3

For

23 Geo. III.

24" Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. June 14.

21.

28.

July 4. 3-

April 17.

For the Marches of the West Fencible Men, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the Ditto of the Northern Fencible Men, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the Ditto of the Cambridgeshire Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the Ditto of the Shropshire Militia, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -For the D* of the North Hampshire D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the Ditto of the West Riding Yorkshire D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

For the Ditto of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - -

For the Ditto of the South Hants Militia, from 25th June 1780 to 24 December following -For the Ditto of the Rutlandshire Militia, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - -

For the Ditto of the Radnorshire Militia, from D® to D* -

£. s. d.

160 2 —

110 3 —

128 19 JO

181 19 6

316 to —

207 a 6

250-----

150 12 6

130 18 6 58 13 3

For the contingent Disbursements of the Durham Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

To Major General Tryon, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the

June 7. 28.

July 3.

April 17.

July 3.

70th Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1781 -To Sir George Howard, for providing D® for the First-Regiment of Dragoon Guards -To Iieut. General Johnston, for providing D® for the Eleventh Regiment of Dragoons -To Sir Tho' Egerton, for providing D® for his Regiment of Foot -

To Lieut Colonel Whyte, for providing D® for the 96th Regiment of Foot -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing D® for the Use of the Forces in America and the West Indies To Ditto, for providing D® for Four Independent Companies which are to encamp at , and for 1,000

Infantry which are to encamp in North Britain, 1782 -To Lord Sheffield, for providing D® for the 2 2d Regiment of Dragoons -

81

697

469

8

14 —

124 12 — 200 16 6 7,287 7 —

298 4 8 483 4 6

25*

VOL. 39-

To Colonel Goate, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the East Suffolk Militia, for the Year 1779 - - 130 — 6

To the Earl of Orford, for providing D® for the West

Norfolk Militia, for the Year 1782 - 175 8 —

To Lord George Sutton, for providing D® for the Nottinghamshire D®, for D* Year - - - 143 5 —

To Major William Burton, for providing D® for the Rutlandshire D®, for D® Year - - - 43 10 —

To the Duke of Beaufort, for providing D® for the Monmouthshire D°, for D® Year - - - 1112 —

To Lord Rivers, for providing D* for the Dorsetshire

D®, for D® Year.....- - 193 1 6

To Colonel Maister, for providing D® for the East

D®, for D® Year ----- 152 11 —

To Colonel Thomas Johncs, for providing D* for the

Carmarthenshire D", for D* Year - - - - 11296

To Colonel Campbell, for providing D® for the Cardiganshire Militia, for the Year 1782 - - - - 82 19 6

To Colonel Blackwell, for providing D® for the North

Gloucester D% for D* Year - - - 160166

To Lord Bateman, for providing D® for the Herefordshire

D®, for D° Year ----- 168 2 -f —

To the Duke of Manchester, for providing D® for the

Huntingdonshire D®, for D® Year - - - - 130 106

To the Duke of Dorset, for providing D® for the West

Kent D®, for D® Year ---- 200 13 —

To the Earl of Derby, for providing D® for the Lancashire D®, for D® Year ---- 237 6 6

To the Earl of Powis, for providing D® for the Montgomeryshire D", for D® Year - - - 109 10 —

107

Army Extraordinaries.

£. s. d.

5,899 — 6 37 14 »

9,642 1 7

To

io8 240 Januarii

Bates of Warrants.

A. 1783.

1782. July 25.

May 23.

June 28.

April 10.

11.

16.

»7-

May

3-

16.

23-

24.

June 8.

18.

To Lord Algernon Percy, for providing divers Camp Ne- £. s. d, ceffaries for the Northumberland Militia, for the Year 1782 - 206 12 —

To Major General Meadows, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 89th Regiment of Foot, which were loft in the Hurricane at St. Lucia - - - 461 7 —

To Major General Scott, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 83d Regiment of Foot, which were rendered unfit for Service at the Action in Jersey, the 6th of

January 1781 - '23 8 —

To Lieutenant General Mackay, to replace sundry Ditto of the 21st Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in America, in the Year 1777 ----- 396 15 6

To Lieut General Hak&mand, in lieu of 183 Days Nett Offreckonings of Additional to the 1 ft Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot - - 191 9 11

To Major General Douglas, in lieu of 122 Days D* of

Additional to the 104th Regiment of Foot - - - 24 1 7

To Captain Rich* Bailey, for sundry Expences incurred by him in superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Stores, fyc. for the Forces Abroad, for One Year, to 10th of March 1782 -

To Robert Adair, Esquire, on Account of contingent Expences for Hospitals, S;c. ——

To the Representatives of George Cooke, deceased, and to Thomas

shend, Esquire, to be applied to pay the Fees due for Auditing their Accounts, as late Paymaster General of the Forces, for 183 Days, to 24th of June 1768 -

To the Representatives of Charles Townshend, Esquire, deceased, to be applied to pay the Fees due for Auditing his Accounts, as late Paymaster General of the Forces, from 25th December 1765 to 24th June 1766 ——

To Messrs. Eyre and Stratum, for Paper, Printing, <Sfc. several Acts of Parliament, and Rules and Orders for the Use of the Forces -

To John Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries for the Foot Guards in the Barracks of the Tower, and for the Infirmary there, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1782 -

To Mr. Pierrepoint, on Account of contingent Disbursements for Hof-pitals -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Fitzgerald, being His Majesty’s Bounty for herself and Children, in Consideration of her Husband having been killed in Action in Fort Hardy in America, the nth of October 1777 -To Mary Campbell, being His Majesty’s Bounty for herself and Children, in Consideration of her Husband being killed in Action, at in

North America, 5th July 1779 -

To Messrs. Mackenzie and Company, Merchants, for Supplying a Quantity of Flour to replace some that was damaged in the Valiant Navy Tran Sport Victualler - -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for Cloathing for the Drummer and Haut-bois of the First Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, to 25th March 1783 ——

To Earl Waldegraoe, for Ditto for the D* of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, to May 1783 -

To Major General Hall, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command during the Campaign 1781 -

To Lieut. General Gage, for his contingent Expences for the Forces encamped at Coxheath, 1781 ——

To S. Leeke, Esquire, for the Hire of Ground on South Sea Common near Portsmouth, and Damages done thereon, in the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781, by the Encampment To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for sundry Articles of Cloathing and Accoutrements for the Militia, in Guernsey - -

To Thomas Brown, Merchant, for Coils and Expences in carrying on an Action for the Recovery of the Value of a Ship called The Prince Frederick, chartered in His Majesty’s Service -

To the Representatives of Brigadier General Fraser, for the Balance of his Account of contingent Disbursements, from ill of June to 5th October 1777 . ....

s. 2,357 »7 6

881 10 6

215 11 6

313 3 9 1,500-----

423----

MS OO 17 —

38l 10 4

621 8 6

2,000 — —

194 13 4

121 13 4

533 14 4

344 9 —

344 9 —

27 10 4

92 11 6

300 — —

3,845 15 1

118 1 4

450 14 10

To

23 Geo. III. 24* Januarii.

109

Army Ex- DaUl of Warrant*, traordiiurief. ..--....

1782.

June 18. To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials furnished for the Forces in the Year 1781, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for 17,07 61. 1 -

14,989 7 3

War Office,

23d January 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

589,931 13 9

Navy

Estimate.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-iented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1783.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1783.

lft. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 8$c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - £.

3. Pensions and other Allowances

4.1 Chatham

5-

6.

7-

8.

>Yards<

Deptford

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Sheerness

Plymouth

27,550

9,105

4,200

3,640

4,057

6,126

2,434

4,946

10. Muster Mailer and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Riggings -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build-

ings, 8$c.----....

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

16. Bounty to Chaplains -

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

£. s. d.

50,492 8 1

36,655 11 8

25,405 18 6

8,240 16 11

39,879 ~ 6 18,414 5 — 42,710-----

130,061-----

87,000-----

1,231 17 6 11,898 14 9

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1783

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy amounts to Four hundred Fifty-one thousand Nine

hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Chet. Middleton, J. Williams,

Geo. Rogers, R. Temple,

Edw*. Hunt, Geo. Marsh,

E. Le Cras.

t

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Heads of Col- An ingrafted Bill to enable such Heads of Colleges and lege* enabled Halls, within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, to marry. are now prohibited by the Statutes of the said Colleges or Halls from marrying, to marry, and to enable married Vo L. 39*

Men to be elected Heads of such Colleges or Halls, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Heads of Colleges and Halls, within the University of Oxford, to marry, as are now prohibited by the Statutes of the said Colleges or Halls from marrying, and to enable married Men

F f to

no

Maidenhead Bridge, &c. Road.

Rnmbold and

Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

Ciill of the House.

(Supply.

Ways and Means.

24°- — 2 70 Jahmrii.

A, 1783.

to continue, or to be elected, Heads of such Colleges or Halls.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Luna, 27° die Januarii;

Mr. Elites reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Reeds from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Payne, Mr. Richard Simeon, and Mr. Thomas Cooper, Treasurers to the different Districts of the Roads comprised in the said Act, being examined, said, That there are considerable Sums of Money due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected in their respective Districts, which cannot be paid off, or the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and feme further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Elwes, and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for retraining Sir Thomas tf Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perruig, Esquire, from

" going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and u for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House being read;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 7th Day of February next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisingthe Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Anno 23 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Duncombe presented to the House, according N0rthDeigh.

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several ton inclosure. Open Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Canal.0 Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed there are, at this Time, two different Plans, both -of which will be laid before Parliament in the present Session, and both of which have for their Object a Navigable Canal, to communicate with the Coventry Canal at Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the County of Warwick; and that the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will be of great Public Utility, as thereby a Communication will be opened from the Coal Mines in Staffordshire, with the Counties of Warwick', Northampton, and Oxford, which will tend greatly to reduce the Price of Staffordshire Coal in the Town of Northampton, and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That one of the before-mentioned Plans may he adopted for making such Navigable Canal as aforesaid, leaving it to the Wisdom of the House, which of them will belt answer the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mellish presented to the House, according to Doncaster, Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two &c. Roads. Acts made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years, of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Bormghbndge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Com- Turvey In-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and closure. inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Proprietor of 31 Acres and 1 Rood of Field Land, and 3 Horse,

5 Cow, and 30 Sheep Commons, who declined giving his Consent, because he purposed felling his Property; and that the whole Property intended by the Bill to be divided, allotted and inclosed, consists of 1,538 Acres and 3 Roods of Field Land, 71 Acres and 2 Roods of Meadow Ground, and 108 Horse, 259 Cows, and 1,681 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made 03 several

Birmingham Poor, &c.

Custom9, Ac. u Scotland.

23 Geo. III. 270 Januarii. hi

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of ,on Behalf

of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants who contribute to the Relief of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town is large and populous, and burthened with a very numerous and expensive Poor; and that the Rates for the Relief of such Poor have, communibus Annis, for several Years last past,

amounted to 10,000l., and upwards, of which 6,000l., or thereabouts, is annually applied to the Relief of Out Pensioners, whom the present Workhouse erected for the Use of the Poor is not capable of receiving; and that a Proposal of providing another Workhouse sufficiently large to receive such Out Pensioners, with proper Buildings wherein they may be employed and set to work, hath been laid before, and unanimously approved by, a great Number of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, at a Public Meeting lately held for that Purpose; and the Petitioners are well allured, that the providing such Workhouse and Buildings will be attended with great Advantages, and enable the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish to provide for and maintain their Poor at much less Expence: and that the providing such Workhouse and Buildings will be attended with a considerable Expence, and the Petitioners and the other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish are not able to raiie Monies sufficient for the Purpose without borrowing the fame, or a great Part thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Petitioners, or such other Persons whom the House shall think fit to appoint, to borrow and take up such Sums of Money as will enable them to provide such additional Workhouse and Buildings, either by taking and renting the fame, or by purchasing Land and erecting the fame, such Sums to be secured upon the Rates to be granted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert , Mr. Elwes,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 18th and 20th Days of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account and Estimate of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs that are charged with the additional Duty of 5 /. per Cent, on the Produce of those Duties by the Act of the Nineteenth of His; Vol. 39.

present Majesty; distinguishing the Amount of each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into Scotland, between the ill of January 1772 and the lit of January 1782.

Mr. Mitford allb, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of art Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of 1781 to the 10th of

October 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie. upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to " Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other

" Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and still repiain due; and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued, altered, amended, and enlarged; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road which leads from Stafford to Stone to the Turnpike Road leading from Stafford to- wards Bridgford, in the said Act mentioned, being about 160 yards in Length, and also the Road which leads from a certain Place in the said Turnpike Road leading from Eccleshall to Ireland's Cross, in the said Act mentioned, called The Four Lane Ends, near to the Turnpike Road that leads from Stone to being

1,380 Yards in Length, or thereabouts, and also the Road which leads from a Place in the said Turnpike Road leading from Bridgford to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport, in the said Act mentioned, called Flints Gale, near Forton Turnpike Gate, unto the South-East End of a Pond of Water, called The Moss Pool, in the Road leading from Newport to Aqualate, being about 594 Yards in Length, and also the Road from the End of the Town of Bridgnorth (leading towards Skiffnal, in the said Act mentioned) to or near the Lower Workhouse in Bridgnorth, and from thence up the South-West Side of the Castle Hill, and through a Street called The Back Castle, to the North Gate in the said Town of Bridgnorth, being 1,730 Yards in Length, or thereabouts, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Powers of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several New or Additional Roads before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Stafford to Sandon Road.

112

270 Januarii* . 1783.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Noel Mr. Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cleobury A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed or

&°rn!oad* elected for putting in Execution the Powers of an

c* ' Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls anting therefrom, which (till remain due; and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and for enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Noel Hill, Mr. Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exrife, &c. The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from in cot an Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 2d Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Duties of Excise on Sope, drawn back for the whitening of New Linen Cloth in the Piece, and in order for Sale in Scotland, from the ill of January 1771 to the lft of January 1781; distin-guishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dmies on Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to

Tobacco. Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing " the Duties upon Tobacco;" and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scotiami; A Bill for rendering the Payment of Creditors more Payment of equal and expeditious in that Part of Great riditor*. caiied Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elwcs presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Hoads!’ C* and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Browne, of Haverill, in the Browne’s County of Suffolk, Esquire, was presented to the House, Name, and read; Setting forth. That William Selby, late of the Mote, in the Parish of Ighlham, in the County of Kent, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, dated the 3d Day of January 1771, gave unto his Cousin Mary Selby, an Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds, to be issuing and payable out of his Messuage,

Farm, and Lands, called Beltring Green Farm, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of East Peck ham, Yaiding, Nell tested, and Hadlmi', some, or one of them, in the County of Kent, and also payable out of several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Arable, Pasture, and Wood, with the Appurtenances in West Mailing, in the same County, and payable Quarterly, as therein mentioned: And as to the said Messuage, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, arid being in the Parishes of East Yalding, Nett tested, Hadlaw, and WMailing aforesaid, the said Testator gave and bequeathed the same (subject to the Payment of the said Annuity) to his Son William Selby for Life, Remainder to Elizabeth the Wife of the said William Selby for Life, in lieu of Dower, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said William Selby in Tail, Remainder to all the Children of the said William Selby, as well Sons as 1 )aughters, in Manner- therein mentioned, with Remainder, not only as to the said Messuage, Farm, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, therein and hereinbefore mentioned to be situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of East Peckham, Yalding, Nettlested, and (subject to

the said Annuity, and after the Determination of the several Estates therein and hereinbefore mentioned) but also all his Reversion or Remainder in Fee, of and in a Capital Messuage or Tenement, called The Mote, and the Lands, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Wood, thereunto belonging, situate, lying, and being in Ightham,

Shipborne, Seal, and Wrotham, in the said County of Kent, and all other his Messuages, Lands, and Tenements whatsoever, which were settled on his Marriage with his Wife, and which were by him, since his Marriage, settled on her for Life, and all other his real Estates whatsoever, not otherwise given and disposed of, which he had Power to give and dispose of, unto the Petitioner John Browne, Son of his the said Teliator’s Cousin Mrs.

Dorothy Browne, of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, Widow, for his Life, and afterwards to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner, with divers Remainders over, as in the said Will mentioned; and that the said Testator William Selby did, by his said Will, direct, that the Petitioner John Browne, and his First and other Sons, and the several Persons who should, from Time to Time, be entitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the same Premises, by virtue of the Limitation in his said Will, should change his and their Surname to the Name of, and from thenceforth be called by the Name of, Selby and (if the same could be had) procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And the said Testator thereby also expressly declared, that in case the Petitioner John Browne, and the

23 Geo. III. 270 Jan. 113

the Firit and other Sons of his Body, or Thomas Browne therein named, and the First and other Sons of his Body, as and when they should respectively come into and be in the actual Possession of the said therein before deviled Estates and Premises, or any Pi*rt thereof, or be actually entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, or of any Part thereof, should refule, decline, or neglect to change his or their Name to and be called by the Name of Selby, and use his and their utmost Endeavours to procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, within One Year after the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, should descend and coine unto and vest in him or them by virtue of the Limitations or Devises in the said Testator s Will, he thereby declared, that then and in such Gale, all and every the Uses, Estates, Powers, and Authorities, by him thereby given, limited, expressed and declared, of and concerning the same Estates, unto or to the Use of or for the 'Benefit of such of them the Petitioner John Browne, or. Thomas Browne, and the respective Sons of their respective Bodies, who should so refule, neglect, or decline to change his or their Name to and be called by the Name of Selby, and to use his and their utmost Endeavours to procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, should cease and be void to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they lb refilling or neglecting were actually dead; and that the said Testator departed this Life after the making and publishing his said Will, without altering or revoking the fame; and the said William Selby, the Son, thereupon entered into Poftelfion of the said Estate and Premises pursuant to the said Will, and that the said William Selby, the Son, departed this Life in the Year of our Lord 1776, leaving the said Elizabeth Selby his Wife, in the said Will named, him surviving, and leaving a Daughter, Elizabeth Burrows Selby, an Infartt, him surviving, and no other Issue; and that the said Elizabeth Burrows Selby, the Infant, died on or about the 3d Day of July last, without Issue, whereby the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, so devised by the said Testator’s Will, under the Limitations herein and therein before-mentioned, have become vested in the Petitioner John Browne, subject to the Estate for Life of the said Elizabeth Selby the Widow, with Remainders over; and that the said Estate being so vested in the Petitioner as aforesaid, the Petitioner is desirous that be and his Issue Male may take and use the Surname of Selby, by the Authority of Parliament, in pursuance of the Desire or Directions of the said Testator s Will: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, -under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this, House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc Church thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Leuch Inclo-Uninclosed and Commonable Land, within the Parish of ture’ Church Iench, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish contains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, Tluit Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Boughton Rouse and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according, to Order, resolved itself into Rumboldand a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Perring not tinuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the I? qult t,ie Reign of His present Majesty, > intituled, "An Act for Ing 0B>‘

" reftcaining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter " Perring, Esquire, from, going out of this Kingdom " for a limited Time, and for discovering their Estates and " Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating " the feme

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee)

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Townshend presented to the House, by peace ^th His Majesty’s Command, France,

Copy of the Preliminary Articles of Peace between Spam, and Great Britain and France, signed at Versailles, January menca" 20th, 1783; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Preliminary Articles of Peace between Great Britain and Spain, signed at Versailles, January 20th, 1783; and Translation: And also.

Copy of Provisional Articles signed at Paris, November 30th, 1782, by the Commissioner of His Britannic Majesty, and the Commissioners of the United States of America,

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

And the said Translations, and the Copy of the said Provisional Articles, were also read.

The Copies of the said Preliminary Articles are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

G g and

Articles of Peace with France.

"4

2 70 Januarii.

A. 1783.

and the Translations thereof, and the Copy of the said Provisional Articles, are as followed);

viz.

Translation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, between His Britannic Majesty, and the Most Christian King, signed at the 20th January 1783.

In the Name of the Most Holy Trinity.

The King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, equally animated with a Desire of putting an End to the Calamities of a destructive War, and of re-establishing Union and good Understanding between them, as necessary for the Good of Mankind in general, as for that of their respefitive Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, have named for this Purpose, On the

Part of His Britannic Majesty, Mr. Alleyne Fitz-Herbert, Minister Plenipotentiary of His said Majesty the King of Great Britain; and on the Part of His Most Christian Majesty, Charles Grader Comte de Vergennes, Councillor in all his Councils, Commander of His Orders, Councillor of State, Minister and Secretary of State, and of the Commands and Finances of His said Majesty for the Department of Foreign Affairs; who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers in good Form, have agreed on the following Preliminary Articles:

Article 6.

With regard to the Right of Fithing in the Gulph of St. Laurence, the French shall continue to enjoy it conformably to the Fifth Article of the Treaty of Paris.

Article 7.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to France the Island of St. Lucia, and shall cede and guaranty to her that of Tobago.

Article 8.

The Most Christian King shall restore to Great Britain the Islands of Grenada, and the Grenadines, St. Vincent's, Dominica, St. Christophers, Nevis, and Montserrat: And the Fortrefies of those Islands conquered by the Arms of Great Britain, and by those of France, shall be restored in the same Condition in which they were when the Conquest of them was made; provided that the Term of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Time of the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, shall be granted to the respective Subjects of the Crowns of Great Britain and France, who may have settled in the said Islands, and in other Places which shall be restored by the Definitive Treaty, to fell their Estates, recover their Debts, and to transport their Effects, and retire without being restrained on Account of their Religion, or any other whatever, except in Cafes of Debt, or of criminal Prosecutions.

Article 1.

As feon as the Preliminaries shall be signed and ratified, sincere Friendship shall be re-established between His Britannic Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty, their Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, by Sea and by Land, in all Parts of the World: Orders shall be sent to the Armies and Squadrons, as well as to the Subjects, of the Two Powers, to stop all Hostilities, and to live in the most perfect Union, forgetting what is passed, of which their Sovereigns give them the Order and Example; and for the Execution of this Article, Sea Pafies shall be given on each Side for the Ships which shall be dispatch to carry the News of it to the Possessions of the said Powers.

Article 2.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall preserve in full Right the Island of N, and the adjacent Islands, in the same Manner as the Whole was ceded to Him by the Thirteenth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, save the Exceptions which shall be stipulated by the Fifth Article of the present Treaty.

Article 3.

His Most Christian Majesty, in order to prevent Quarrels which have hitherto arisen between the Two Nations of England and France, renounces the Right of Fishing, which belongs to Him by virtue of the said Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, from Cape Bonavisla to Cape St. John, situated on the Eastern Coast of Newfoundland, in about 50 Degrees of North Latitude: Whereby the French Fishery shall commence at the said Cape St. John, shall go round by the North, and, going down the Western Coast of the Island of Newfoundland, shall have for Boundary the Place called Cape Rape, situated in 47 Degrees 50 Minutes Latitude.

Article 4.

The French Fishermen shall enjoy the Fishery tffligned them by the foregoing Article, as they have a Right to enjoy it by virtue of the Treaty of Utrecht.

Article 5.

His Britannic Majesty will cede in full Right to His Most Chciftian Majesty the Islands of St. Pierre and Miguelon.

Article 9.

The King of Great Britain shall cede and guaranty in full Right to His Most Christian Majesty, the River of Senegal, and its Dependencies, with the Forts of St.

Podor, Galam, Arguin, and Portendie: His Britannic Majesty shall restore likewise the Island of which shall be given up in the Condition in which it was when the British Arms took Possession of it.

Article 10.

The Most Christian King shall, on His Side, guaranty to His Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Possession of Fort James, and of the River Gambia.

Article 11.

In order to prevent all Discussion in that Part of the World, the Two Courts shall agree, either, by the Definitive Treaty, or by a separate Afit, upon the Boundaries to be fixed to their respective Possessions. The Gum Trade shall be carried on in future, as the English and French Nations carried it on before the Year 1755.

Article 12.

In regard to the rest of the Coast of Africa, the Subjects of both Powers shall continue to frequent them, according to the Custom which has prevailed hitherto.

Article 13.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to His Most Christian Majesty all the Establishments which belonged to Him at the Commencement of the present War on the Coast of Orica, and in Bengal, with Liberty to surround Chandemagor with a Ditch for draining the Waters; and His Britannic Majesty engages to take such Measures as may be in His Power, for securing to the Subjects of France in that Part of India, as also on the Coalts of Orixa, Coromandel, and Malabar, a safe, free, and independent Trade, such as was carried on by the late French East India Company, whether it be carried on by them as Individuals, or as a Company.

Article 14.

Pondicherry, as well as Karical, shall likewise be restored and guarantied to France; and His Britannic Majesty shall procure to serve as a Dependency round Pondicherry, the Two Districts of Valanour and Bahour;

and

'll Geo. III. 270 Januariu 115

and as a Dependency round Karical, the Four contiguous Magans.

Article 15.

France shall again enter into Possession of Make, and of the Comptoir at Surat; and the French shall carry on Commerce in this Part of India, conformably to the Principles laid down in the Thirteenth Article of this Treaty.

Article 16.

In case France has Allies in India, they shall be invited, as well as those of Great Britain, to accede to the present Pacification; and for that Purpose, a Term of Four Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Proposal shall be made to them, shall be allowed them to make their Decision; and in case of Refusal on their Part, their Britannic and Most Christian Majesties agree not to give them any Alfillance, directly or indirectly, against the British or French Possessions, or against the ancient Possessions of their respective Allies; and their said Majesties shall offer them their good Offices towards a mutual Accommodation.

Artic.e 17.

The King of Great Britain, desirous of giving His Most Christian Majesty a sincere Proof of Reconciliation and Friendship, and of contributing to the Solidity of the Peace which is on the Point of being re-established, will consent to the Abrogation and Suppression of all the Articles relative to Dunkirk, from the Treaty of Peace concluded at Utrecht in 1713, inclusively, to this Time.

Article 18.

By the Definitive Treaty, all those which have existed till now between the Two high contracting Parties, and which shall not have been derogated from, either by the said Treaty, or by the present Preliminary Treaty, shall be renewed and confirmed; and the Two Courts shall name Commissioners to enquire into the State of Commerce between the Two Nations, in order to agree upon new Arrangements of Trade, on the Footing of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience. The said Two Courts shall together amicably fix a competent Term for the Duration of that Business.

Article 19.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been or which may be conquered, in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty, or by those of His Most Christian Majesty, and which are not included in the present Articles, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring Compenfetion.

Article 20.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Restitutions and the Evacuations to be made by each of the high contracting Parties, it is agreed, That the King of Great Britain shall cause to be evacuated the lllands of St.Pierre and Miquelon, Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner if it can be done; St. Lucia, in the West Indies, and Goree in Africa, Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done. The King of Great Britain shall, in like Manner, at the End of Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done, enter again into Possession of the lllands of Grenada, the nadines, St. Vincent, Dominica, St. Christophers, , and Montserrat.

France shall be put into Possession of the Towns and Comptoirs which are restored to Her in the East Indies, and of the Territories which are procured for Her, to serve as Dependencies round Pondicherry, and round

Karical, Six Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner if it can be done.

Vol. 39.

France shall, at the End of the same Term of Six Articles of Months, restore the Towns and Territories which Her p*ace Arms may have taken from the English, or their Allies, rance* in the East Indies.

In conl'equence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the high contracting Parlies, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

Article 2 i.

The Prisoners made respectively by' the Arms of His Britannic Majesty, and his Molt Christian Majesty, by Land and by Sea, shall be restored reciprocally and bond Jide, immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, without Ransom, and on paying the Debts they may have contracted during their Captivity; and each Crown shall respectively reimburse the Sums which shall have been advanced for the Sub-(istence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts and attested Accounts, and other authentic Titles, which shall be produced on each Side.

Article 22.

In order to prevent all Causes of Complaint and Dispute which may arile on Account of Prizes which may be made at Sea after the Signing of thele Preliminary Articles, it is reciprocally agreed, That the Vessels and Effects which may be taken in the Channel, and in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days to be computed from the Ratification of the present Preliminary Articles, shall be restored on each Side.

That the Term shall be One Month, from the Channel, and the North Seas, as far as the Canary Islands, inclusively, whether in the Ocean or in the Mediterranean.

Two Months, from the said Canary Islands, as far as the Equinoctial Line, or Equator. And lastly, Five Months in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception, or any other more particular Description of Time and Place.

Article 23.

The Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles shall be expedited in good and due Form, and exchanged in the Space of One Month, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the- Signature of the present Articles.

In Witness whereof, we the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiary of His Britannic Majesty, and of His Most Christian Majesty, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have signed the present Preliminary Articles, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Versailles, the Twentieth Day of January 1783-

Alleyne Fitz-Herbert. Graoier de Vergennes.'

(l. s.) (l. s.N

Translatioft of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, Articles of between His Britannic Majesty and the Most Peace with Catholic King, signed at Versailles, the 20th Spam*

January 1783.

In the Name of the Most Holy Trinity.

The King of Great Britain and the King of Spain, equally animated with a Desire of putting an End to the Calamities of a destructive War, and of re-establishing Union and good Understanding between them, as necessary for the Good of Mankind in general, as for that of their respective Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, have named for this Purpose, viz’, on the Part of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Mr. Alleyne Fitz-

Herbert,

11

2 70 Januarii. 1783.

Articles of Peace with

Spain.

Herbert, Minister Plenipotentiary of His said Majesty; and on the Part of His Majesty the King of Spain, Don Peter Paul Abarea de Bolea <Spc.

Count of Aranda and Castel Florida, Marquis of Torres, of Villanan and Rupit, Viscount of Rueda and Yoch,

Baron of the Baronies of Gavin Sietano, Clamosa, Eripol, Trazmoz, La Mata de Castil Viego, La Almolda,

Cortes, Jorva, St. Genis, Robovi Oreau, and 5*

de Famis, Lord of the Tenance and Honour of Alca-

latbn, the Valley of Rodellar, the Cattles and Towns of Madia, Mesones, Tiurana de Villaplana, and Viladran, &c. Rico-Hombre in Aragon by Birth, Grandee of Spain of the First Class, Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece, and of that of the Holy Ghost, Gentleman of the King’s Bedchamber in Employment, Captain General of His Armies, and His Ambassador to His Most Christian Majesty; who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers in good Form, have agreed on the following Preliminary Articles:

Article 1.

As soon as the Preliminaries shall be signed and ratified, sincere Friendthip shall be re-established between His Britannic Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, their Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, by Sea and by Land, in all Parts of the World. Orders shall be sent to the Armies and Squadrons, as well as to the Subjects of the Two Powers, to (top all Hostilities, and to live in the most perfect Union, forgetting what has passed, of which their Sovereigns give them the Order and Example. And for the Execution of this Article, Sea PafiTes shall be given on each Side for the Ships which shall be dispatch to carry the News of it to the Possessions of the said Powers.

Article 2.

His Catholic Majesty shall keep the Island of

Minorca.

Article 3.

His Britannic Majesty shall cede to His Catholic Majesty East Florida, and His Catholic Majesty shall keep West Florida, provided that the Term of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Time of the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, shall be granted to the Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, who are settled as well.in the Island of Minorcaas in the Two Floridas, to fell their Estates, recover their Debts, and to transport their Effects, ds well as their Persons, without being restrained on Account of their Religion, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts and criminal Prosecutions. And His Britannic Majesty shall have Power to cause all the Effects that may belong to him in East Florida, whether Artillery or others, to be carried away.

Article 4.

His Catholic Majesty shall not for the future suffer the Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, or their Workmen to be disturbed or molested, under any Pretence whatsoever, in their Occupation of cutting, loading, and carrying away Logwood, in a District of which the Boundaries shall be fixed; and for this Purpose they may build without Hindrance, and occupy without Interruption, the Houses and Magazines necessary for them, for their Families, and for their Effects, in a Place to be agreed upon either in the Definitive Treaty, or within Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications-; and His said Catholic Majesty allures to them by this Article, the entire Enjoyment of what is above stipulated, provided that these Stipulations shall not be considered as derogatory in any Respect from the Rights of his Sovereignty.

Article 5.

His Catholic Majesty shall restore to Great Britain

— s.- ..... '

the Islands of Providence and the Bahamas, without Exception, in the same Condition in which they were when they were conquered by the Arms of the King of Spain.

Article 6.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been or may be conquered, in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty, or by those of His Catholic Majesty, and which are not included in the present Articles, shall be restored, without Difficulty, and without requiring Compensations.

Article 7.

By the Definitive Treaty, all those which have existed till now between the Two high contracting Parties, and which shall not be derogated from either by the said Treaty, or by the present Preliminary Treaty, shall be renewed and confirmed; and the Two Courts shall name Commissioners to enquire into the State of Commerce between the Two Nations, in order to agree upon new Arrangements of Trade on the Footing of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience; and the Two said Courts shall together amicably fix a competent Term for the Duration of that Business.

Article 8.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Restitutions and Evacuations to be made by each of the high contracting Parties, it is agreed, that the King of Great Britain shall cause East Florida to be evacuated Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner if it can be done.

The King of Great Britain shall likewise enter again into Possession of the Bahama Islands without Exception, in the Space of Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

In consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the high contracting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

Article 9.

The Prisoners made respectively by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, by Sea and by Land, shall, immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, be reciprocally and bond Jide restored without Ransom, and on paying the Debts they may have contracted during their Captivity; and each Crown shall respectively reimburse the Sums which shall have been advanced for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts and attested Accounts, and other authentic Titles, which shall be produced on each Side.

Article 10.

In order to prevent all Causes of Complaint and Deputes which may arise on Account of Prizes which may be made at Sea after the signing of these Preliminary Articles, it is reciprocally agreed, that the Ships and EffeCls which may be taken in the Channel, or in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the Ratification of the present Preliminaiy Articles, shall be restored on each Side.

That the Term shall be One Month from the Channel and the North Seas, as far as the Canary Islands, inclusively, whether in the Ocean or in the Mediterranean; Two Months from the said Canary Islands, as far as the Equinoctial Line, or Equator; and lastly,-Five Months in all other Parts of the World, without Exception, or other more particular Description of Time and Place.

Article 11.

The Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles shall be expedited in good and due Form, and ex-

' ’ ' " " changed

23 Geo. III. 27° Januarii. 117

Articles of Peace with America.

in the Space of One Month, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Articles.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ministers Plenipotentiary of His Britannic Majesty and of H is Catholic Majesty, by virtue of our respective Powers, have agreed upon and signed these Preliminary Articles, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Versailles, the 20th Day of January 1783.

Alleyne Fitz-Herbert. La Comte

(l. s.) (l. s.)

Copy of Provisional Articles, signed at Paris, November 30th 1782, by the Commissioner of His Britannic Majesty, and the Commissioners of the United States of America.

Articles agreed upon, by and between Richard Oswald, Eiquiie, the Commissioner of His Britannic Majesty, for treating of Peace with the Commissioners of the United States of America, in Behalf of His laid Majesty, on the one Part; and John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens, Four of the Commissioners of the said States for treating of Peace with the Commissioner of His said Majesty, on their Behalf, on the other Part; to be inserted in, and to constitute, the Treaty of Peace, proposed to be concluded between the Crown of Great Britain and the said Uni d States; but which Treaty is not to be concluded until Terms of a Peace shall be agreed upon between Great Britain and France, and His Britannic Majesty shall be ready to conclude such Treaty accordingly.

Whereas reciprocal Advantages and mutual Convenience are found by Experience to form the only permanent Foundation of Peace and Friendship between States; it is agreed to form the Articles of the proposed Treaty on such Principles of liberal Equity and Reciprocity, as that partial Advantages (those Seeds of Dif-cord) being excluded, such a beneficial and satisfactory Intercourse between the Two Countries may be established, as to promise and secure to both perpetual Peace and Harmony.

Article lft.

His Britannic Majesty acknowledges the said United States, vits. New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New Yorke, New Jersey, Pensylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, to be Free, Sovereign, and Independent States; that he treats with them as such; and for himself, his Heirs, and Successors, relinquishes all Claim to the Government, Propriety, and Territorial Rights of the lame, and every Part thereof: And that all Disputes which might arise in future, on the Subject of the Boundaries of the said United States, may be prevented, it is hereby agreed and declared, that the following are and shall be their Boundaries; vis'.

Article 2d.

From the North West Angle of Nova Scotia, viz*. that Angle which is formed by a Line drawn due North from the Source of Saint Croix River to The Highlands, along the said Highlands which divide those Rivers that empty themselves into the River Saint Lawrence, from those which fall into the Atlantic Ocean, to the North-Westernmost Head of River; thence

down along the Middle of that River, to the Forty-fifth Vol. 39.

Degree of North Latitude; from thence, by a Line due Articles of West on said Latitude, until it strikes the River Iroquois or Cataraquy; thence along the Middle of said River, menca* into Lake Ontario, through the Middle of said Lake, until it strikes the Communication by Water between that Lake and Lake Erie; thence along the Middle of said Communication, into' Lake Erie, through the Middle of said Lake, until it arrives at the Water Communication between that Lake and Lake Huron; thence along the Middle of said Water Communication, into the Lake Huron;thence through the Middle of said

Lake, to the Water Communication between that Lake and Lake Superior-, thence through Lake Superior, Northward of the lfles Royal and Phelipeaux, to the Long Lake; thence through the Middle of said Long '

Lake, and the Water Communication between it and the Lake of the Woods, to the said Lake of the Woods; thence through the said Lake, to themost North-Western Point thereof and from thence, on a due West Course, to the River Mississippi; thence, by a Line to be drawn along the Middle of the said River Mississippi, until it shall intersect the Northernmost Part of the Thirty-first Degree of North Latitude; — South, by a Line to be drawn due East from the Determination of the Line last mentioned, in the Latitude of Thirty-one Degrees North of the Equator, to the Middle of the River Apalachicola, or Catahouche; thence along the Middle thereof, to its Junction with the River; thence straight to the Head of Saint Mary's River, and thence down along the Middle of Saint Marys River to the Atlantic Ocean; — East, by a Line to be drawn along the Middle of the River Saint Croix, from its Mouth in the Bay of Fundy to its Source, and from its Source directly North, to the aforesaid Highlands which divide the Rivers that fall into the Atlantic Ocean from those which fall into the River Saint Lawrence, comprehending all Islands within Twenty Leagues of any Part of the Shores of the United States, and lying between Lines to be drawn due East from the Points where the aforesaid Boundaries between Nova Scotia on the one Part, and East Florida on the other, shall respectively touch the Bay of Fundy, and the Atlantic Ocean; excepting such Islands as now are, or heretofore have been, within the Limits of the said Province of Nova Scotia.

Article 3d.

It is agreed, That the People of the United States shall continue to enjoy, unmolested, the Right to take-Fish, of every Kind, on the Grand Bank, and on all the other Banks of Newfoundland-, also in the Gulpb of Saint Lawrence, and at all other Places in the Sea, where the Inhabitants of both Countries used at any Time heretofore to fish; and also, that the Inhabitants of the United States shall have Liberty to take Fish, of every Kind, on such Part of the Coast of Newfoundland as British Fishermen shall use (but not to dry or . cure the same on that Island); and also on the Coasts,

Bays, and Creeks, of all other of His Britannic Majesty’s Dominions in America; and that the American Fishermen shall have Liberty to dry and cure Fish in any of the unsettled Bays, Harbours, and Creeks, of Nova Scotia, Magdalen Islands, and Labrador, so long as the same shall remain unsettled; but so soon as the fame, or either of them, shall be settled, it shall not be lawful for the said Fishermen to dry or cure Fish at such Settlement, without a previous Agreement for that Purpose with the Inhabitants, Proprietors, or Post'essors of the Ground.

Article 4th.

It is agreed, That Creditors on either Side shall meet with no lawful Impediment to the Recovery of the full Value, in Sterling Money, of all jide Debts heretofore contracted.

H h Article

Articles of Peace with America.

118 07° — 28* Januarii. 1783.

Article 5th.

It is agreed, That the CoDgress shall earnestly recommend it to the Legislatures of the respective States, to provide for the Refutation of all Estates, Rights, and Properties, which have been confiscated, belonging to real British Subjects, and also of the Estates, Rights, and Properties, of Persons rCfident in Districts in the Possession of His Majesty’s Arms, and who have not borne Arms again!! the said United States; and that Persons of any other Description shall have free Liberty to go to any Part or Parts of any of the Thirteen United States, and therein to remain Twelve Months umnolefted in their Endeavours to obtain the Restitution of Such of their Estates, Rights, and Properties, as may have been confiscated; and that Congrels Shall also earnestly recommend to the Several States, a Reconsideration and Revision of all Acts or Laws regarding the Premises, So as to render the said Laws or Acts perfectly confident, not only with Justice and Equity, but with that Spirit of Conciliation, which on the Return of the BlefiTings of Peace should univerlally prevail; and that Congress shall also earnestly recommend to the several States, that the Estates, Rights, and Properties of Such last mentioned Persons Shall be restored to them, they refunding to any Persons who may be now in Possession the bond side Price (where any has been given) which such Persons may have paid on purchasing any of the said Lands or Properties Since the Confiscation.

And it is agreed. That all Persons who have any Interest in coufifcated Lands, either by Debts, Marriage Settlements, or otherwise, shall meet with no lawful Impediment in the Prosecution of their just Rights.

Article 6th.

That there shall be no future Confiscations made, nor any Prosecution commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by Reason of the Part which he or they may have taken in the present War; and that no Person shall on that Account suffer any future Loss or Damage, either in his Person, Liberty, or Property; and that those who may be in Confinement on Such Charges, at the Time of the Ratification of the Treaty in shall be immediately Set at Liberty, and the Prosecutions So commenced be discontinued.

Article 7th.

There shall be a firm and perpetual Peace between His Britannic Majesty and the said States, and between the Subjects of the one and the Citizens of the other; wherefore, all Hostilities, both by Sea and Land, shall then immediately cease: All Prisoners on both Sides shall be Set at Liberty, and His Britannic Majesty shall, with all convenient Speed, and without causing any Destruction, or carrying away any Negroes, or other Property of the American Inhabitants, withdraw all his Armies, Garrisons, and Fleets, from the said United States, and from every Port, Place, and Harbour within the same, leaving in all Fortifications the American Artillery that may be therein; and shall also order and caufo all Archives, Records, Deeds, and Papers, belonging to any of the said States, or their Citizens, which, in the Course of the War, may have fallen into the Hands of His Officers, to be forthwith restored and delivered to the proper States and Persons to whom they belong.

Article 8th.

The Navigation of the Mississippi, from its Source to the Ocean, shall for ever remain free and open to the Subjects of Great Britain, and the Citizens of the United States.

Article 9th.

In case it should so happen, that any Place or Territory belonging to Great Britain, or to the United States, should be conquered by the Arms of either, from the other, before the Arrival of these Articles in America, it is agreed, that the same shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Done at Paris, the Thirtieth Day of November, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Eighty-

two.

Rickard Oswald, (l. s.)

John Adams, (l. $.)

B. Franklin, (L. 3.)

John Jay, (l. 8.)

Hemy Laurens, (L. S.)

Witness,

Caleb Whitefoord, *

Secretary to the British Commission.

W. T. Franklin,

Secretary to the American Commission.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all have Voices who come to Sparrow’* the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Herne, &c. Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year Roai of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Heath,

through the Market Towns of Watford,

Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at ,near

Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, is committed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Ways and mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so " far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon " the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement " in the Duties in lieu thereof, and for explaining the " said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage " on other Goods, and to permit the Exportation of " Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British " Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, in The West Indies,

" for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, in The West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by k an

Bilston Navigation.

23 Geo. III.

28* Januarii.

119

an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1783, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl " Allies, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the Thirty-first Day of May 1783, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instructioa to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the First and Second of the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, w ere reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provihon in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, whnfe Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That since the completing the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, the Petitioners have been supplied with Coals from the Coal Mines at Bilston, Sedgley, and Tipton, in the County of Stafford,

and the Neighbourhood thereof, of the best Quality, and at a reasonable Price; and that several of the Petitioners have, through Misrepresentations, signed a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromvich, in the said County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Basset, in the said County of Stafford; and that such of the Petitioners who have signed the said Petition, upon mature Consideration, are convinced, in case the said intended Canal shall take Place, that large Quantities of Coals to be raised at the Mines aforementioned will be carried along the said intended Canal into the County of Oxford, and other remote Parts, whereby the Demand for Coals will be so much increased, that the Price at the Mines will be advanced to a Degree that the Petitioners will be obliged to discontinue the Use thereof; and that the Petitioners are likewise appre-hensive that an increased Demand for Coals at the Mines aforementioned cannot fail to have a very bad Effect upon, and to be very injurious to, the Iron Trade carried on in the Town of Wolverhampton, and in several other Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, in the Vicinage thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromvich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence Vol. 39.

to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Charles Smith, Lord in Sidleiham his own Right of the Manor of Sid/esham, in the County I»cloiure. of Sussex, and of others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Interest in the Premises, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Sid/esham, in the County of Sussex, a large open Waste or Common called Sidlesham Common, containing by Estimation upwards of Four hundred Acres, which, in its present Situation, is of little Value, and incapable of Improvement, and the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, to the End that it may. be rendered more beneficial to all Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Grain, to consider further of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed, to take the said Act into Consideration, and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Dempster,

Mr. Forays, the Earl of Surrey, the Lord

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ord, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr.

Hartley, Mr. Neville, Mr. Masterman, Mr. Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Owen, Mr. Burke, Mr. Eden, Mr.

Page, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Norton, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Hunter Blair, Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Barrozv, Mr.

Perceval, Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Byng, Mr. Fox, and all the Merchants in the House, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Knights for Shires, and the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Scarcity and high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Pains, Set. hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain on Rumbold Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, an" P*rnng‘ and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, be now read,.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker informed the House of a Paragraph,

published

120 28° Jamarii. A. 1783.

published in several Newspapers of this Day, purporting to be a Letter signed by Mr. Speaker, and sent by him to the Printers of iiich Newspapers, signifying that it was Mr. Speaker’s Delire, that they should not publish any of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, until the same mould have been regularly printed, agreeable to the Vote of this House; and that a Copy should be sent to them in proper Time; — and also of a Letter, which Mr. Speaker had this Morning received from W. Woodfall, the Printer of the Newspaper called The Morning Chronicle, relative to the Matter of the said Paragraph.

And Mf. Speaker submitted to the House, that he trulled it was unnecessary for him to allure the House, that he was an entire Stranger to such a Communication; yet, that he had thought proper to mention the Matter to the House, as he conceived the making so unwarranted a Use of his Name (whether inadvertently or otherwise) was an Indignity to this House.

Then Two Newspapers containing the said Paragraph, viz.The Gazetteer, and The Post, both published this Day, and likewise the Letter from JV. Woodfall above-mentioned, were delivered in at the Table.

And the said Paragraphs and Letter being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Newspapers, and the Letter written by JV. Woodfall, and sent to Mr. Speaker, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine into the Authors and Publishers of the said Letter, purporting to be written by Mr. Speaker; and do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And Mr. Speaker having acquainted the House, That he was perfectly satisfied with having stated the Matter to the House, which he thought it his Duty to do;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Rumbold and Sir George Howard, according to Order, reported

Perring not from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Kingdom* the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, " Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going " out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and for " discovering their Estates and EffeCls, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he re&d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees for Hesket, &c. putting in Execution so much of an Act of Parliament, Road-made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, repairing,

" and amending the Road from Hesket, by Yewes " Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton,

" over JVhinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cum-

" berland, and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and " Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of

" JVeslmoreland, and from Plumbgar Cross, near " Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called JVitidermere, in the County of Westmand from

" Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the " County of Cumberlandj" as respects the several Roads in the said Act mentioned, lying and being in the County of Cumberland, which said Act was to continue from the 24th Day of June 1762, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to such Parts of the Roads therein mentioned, as lie within the County of Cumberland, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the’ Tolls, which still remain due; and that the Money so owing, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof, and the said Roads lying in the County of Cumberland have been amended and made safe and convenient; but the same cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term and Powers mentioned in the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Garforth, Sir James Lowther,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees, for Ditto, putting in Execution so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening,

" repairing, and amending the Road from Heskett, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over JVhinlatter, to Keswick, in the County Cumberland, and from Keswick, by Dummail and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County Westmoreland, and from Plumbgarth's Cross, near ‘ Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Win-‘ dermere, in the County of Westmoreland, and from

‘ Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the ‘ County of Cumberland," as respects the several Roads in the said Act mentioned, lying and being in the County of Westmoreland, which said Act was to continue from the 24th Day of June 1762, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to such Parts of the Roads therein mentioned as lie within the County of Westmoreland, and large Sums of Money

have

(21

23 Geo. III.

280 — 290 Januarit.

have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain duet and that the Money so owing, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof, and the said Roads lying in the County of Westmorelan have been amended and made safe and convenient, but the same cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term and Powers mentioned in the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Gill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir James -

ther, See.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 29* die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Peats as.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Buigefies of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, b the same Town, and the Gentlemen, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol b the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull is a very ancient Building of small Dimensions, and in great Decay, and, Handing in the Middle of the said Town, and in a dole and confined Situation, without the Advantage of any adjaceut Ground, is attended with many Inconveniencies to the Health and lafe Culiody of the Prisoners, and the Grand Jury, at the Allizes and General Gaol Delivery held for the said Town and County, have presented the said Gaol as bsufficient; and that the building a new Gaol, b a more airy and commodious Situation in some other Part of the said Town or County, will greatly contribute to the Health of the Prisoners, and render the Custody of them more safe, and will also be a general Convenience to the said Town and County, and an Advantage to the Public; and that the Population of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, hath for many Years greatly increased, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish are become^ so numerous, that the Church Yard and Burial Places belonging to the same are not sufficiently large to contain the Bodies of those who die in the said Parish, without much Inconvenience and Annoyance to the Inhabitants; and that it would contribute much to the Convenience of the said Town, and to the Health of the Inhabitants, as well as to the decent and orderly Interment of the Dead, if a convenient Piece of Ground should be purchased for an additional Burial Place for the Use of the said Parish, and it is expedient to raise Money for the several Purposes aforesaid; and that, in the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, many Hackney Coaches and Vo l. 39.

Chairs are kept for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, but, being under no Regulation either with respect to the Fares, or the Behaviour of the Persons who drive or carry them, they are attended with much Inconvenience; and several other very considerable Annoyances and Irregularities are committed and prevail b the said Town, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, which might be prevented and restrained if certain Regulations were established, and the Police of the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts, was placed under more proper and certain Rules and Restrictions; and that the Haven of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, in which Goods and Merchandize have been accustomed to be laden and shipped, landed and discharged, lies within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and, by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Dock or Bason, for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels, hath been made and is now in Use, the South Side and East End whereof are in, or contiguous to, the said Town or County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the North Side and West End thereof are in, or contiguous to, the County of York; and that various Goods and Merchandize are now laden and shipped, landed and discharged, on the North Side and Welt End of the said Dock, or Bason, lying in the said County of York, contrary to the Custom which hath heretofore obtained, by Means whereof many Inconveniencies and Disadvantages have, on that and other Accounts proceeding from the said Act, arisen, and are likely to happen, which might be prevented if the said Dock, or Bason, and the Banks, Shores, Quays, Wharfs, and landing Places of the fame, on the North Side and West End thereof, not extending above Twenty Yards in Breadth, should, as to the purposes of lading and shipping, landing and discharging Goods and Merchandize, but for no other Purpose whatever, be declared to be of and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and not in the County of York, and certain Doubts concerning the said Act be ex-plabed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the several Purposes above mentioned, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief b the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hartley, Mr.

Sac.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Michael Burrough, Gentleman, Lord Alton of the Manor of Alton Priors, and West in Road,

the County of Wilts, and principal Owner and Proprietor of Lands withb the District or Tything of Alton Priors, in the said County of Wilts; and also of Edward Gale and William Stretch, other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said District or Tything, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said District or Tything, certain Open and Common Fields, containing about 626 Acres, in which the Petitioners and others have Property, now divided into several Pieces intermixed with each other; and also certain Open Down Lands, containing about 375 Acres, upon which the Petitioners and others have certain Rights of Pasture and Feeding for their Cattle; and that the said Common Fields and Down Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided into spe-cifie Shares and allotted amongst the Petitioners and

I i others

Sparrow’s Herne, &c% Hoad.

Dunnington

Heath

Inclufure.

Odrtock, &c. Inciol’ure.

122 290 Januarii. A. 1783.

others interested therein, in lieu of, and in propor- Places; and that the Lands in the said Open Common tion to, their respective Interests, the same would be Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, and a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and of Benefit also in the said Ten Yard Lands, lie intermixed and to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may dispersed, and it would be advantageous to the Peti-be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, tioners and the several other Persons interested, if the and laying in Severalty, the said Common Fields and same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made Down Lands respectively, under such Regulations, to them according to their respective Rights and Inte-and with such Clauses and Provisoes, as the House shall rests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given fee fit. to bring in a Bill or Bills for dividing and allotting the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur* Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Com-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. mon Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places,

Peni'uddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whotrt

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampsted, Saint , and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the Parish of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick, a certain Common called Dunnington Heath, containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts, the Property of the Petitioner and others, which is, in its present State, of little Value to the several Persons interested therein, and incapable of any Improvement; and that the said Common adjoins to the Petitioner’s Park, and if the same was inclosed under the Direction of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and laid into the Petitioner’s laid Park, and proper Compensation made to the several Persons inte-refied in the said Common, in lieu of their respective Rights and Interests, it would be very advantageous to them, and a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Lcnoley, sir Thomas Skipwith, and Sir George Shuckburgh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands in the several Parishes of Odstock, Homington, Coombe Bissett, West Harnham, and Netherhampton, in the County of Wilts,

some or one of them, and also in Ten Yard Lands at the Ealt End of the said Parish of Homington, and Commonable to the Occupiers of Lands in the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable

within the several Parishes of Odstock, Homington,

Coombe B'isset, West Harnham, and Netherhampton, in the County of Wilts, and also for dividing and allotting Ten Yard Lands, lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, and Commonable to the Occupiers of Lands in the said Parish, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Botcverie, the Lord Herbert, and Sir James Long, do prepare, and bring in, the some.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Billion Navi, a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain gation.

Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton otherwise Tibbington, We and West-bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Bir- ,

mingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Faxeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Birmingham Manufacturers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Canal. Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner* have been informed that a Petition has been presented from the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable them to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from one Branch of the present Birmingham Canal, at or near Rider's Green, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, by or near Great Bridge, and terminating near Broadwater Fire Engine, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the said County of Stafford, together with Five Collateral Branches, into certain Coal Mines, in the Parishes of Westbromwich, Tipton, Sedgley, Wolverhampton, wadi Wednesbury in the said County of Stafford', and the Petitioners have also been informed, that another Petition as been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Mines of Coals and Ironstone, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several I'a-rishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, busy, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, through the said Liberty and Parishes, and also through the Parish of Handsworth, in the same County, to or near a Piece of Land called The Barn Close, in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazelcy, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, and from or near the said Piece of Land called The Barn Close, to or near Birmingham; and representing to the House, that the Mines of Coal and Ironstone, described in the said re-lpeftive Petitions, are the some, and are very valuable, und of vast Extent, but, for want of a Communication between the said Town of Birmingham by Water, upon a lower Level than by the present Birmingham Canal, and with

02 more

23 Geo. III. 29° Januarii. 123

more distant Markets, the same Mines cannot be opened and worked to Advantage; and that the Line of the intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, mentioned in the said Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, intersects, and in other Respects so far interferes with the Line of the proposed Canal from the said Mines to Birmingham and as to render both Undertakings impracticable; and consequently, if the Bill for extending the said ham Canal, as aforesaid, should pais into a Law, the

Navigable Communication, upon a low and certain Level, between the said Mines, the Town of

ham, and the Coventry and Canals, cannot be

effected, nor will the Price of Coals in that same be reduced at the said Town of Birmingham, as they certainly will by the making of the proposed Canal from Wednesbury to Birmingham and Fuzeley: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal from the Collateral

O n

Branch of the said Birmingham Canal, at the said riace called Rider's Green, and terminating near Broadicater Fire Engine, together with the said Five Collateral Branches leading to the said Mines, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation is referred.

Expiring Mr. Orde presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America-, to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the Indies’, and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

of Stafford: And praying, That the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl Of ®aar/1 . Darlington, and the humble Petition of John Lee, c °*

Esquire, John Hullock, Esquire, George Edwards,

EsquirC, and Hutton Perkins, John Raze, and William Hutchinson, Gentlemen, and of several other Persons,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Township of Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Township several Open Fields, called The Town Pasture, The Lawfield,

The Middlefield, The Northjidd, The Ings, The Crook, and The Newfield, containing together about Eight hundred Acres, consisting of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed, and, in its present State, is incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the said Open Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners and the several other Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights and Interests the same would be a great Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Sir Thomas Clavering, and Sir John Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Enghfo and Directions, That there be laid before this House a Copy East of the Convention betwixt the English and French East °m" India Companies, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Scotland — The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Payment of Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Pay-Creditora. ment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Bilston Navi- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu-fui»u. facturers, and others, whole Names are thereunto fub-lcribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilslon, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise libbingJVednesbury, and West-bromrich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamzcorth, in the said County VOL. 39.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, 77th Regi-’ That there be laid before this House Copies of the ment of foot. Letters of Service of the 77th Regiment of Foot.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the American Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Trade, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York,

" New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties " on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina,

" South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continu-

" nnce of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act; made in the " Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Landing and Discharging,

" Lading or Shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of " Boston, in the Province of Massachusets Bay; and " also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of " the Colonies, in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant " Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for

124

29° — 310

A. 1783.

" for (he Purposes therein mentioned,’' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 31° die Januarii; Anno *3* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Chaplain

thanked*

Thanks of this House be

Aafwar to Addrest.

(ORDERED, That the

given to the Reverend Folliot Chaplain

to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint , Westminster.

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be gracbully pleased to give Directions that the Copy of the Convention therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty-, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions accordingly.

Henftaw.&e. A Petition of Sir Edward Blackett, of West,

Incloutra. in the County of Northumberland, Baronet, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Owners of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manors of Henshaw and Melkcridge respectively, or the one of them, in the Parish of in the County of

Northumberland, having Right of Common upon certain Commons, Moors, and Welle Grounds, lying also within, and Part and Parcel of the said Manors, or the one of them, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors, several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing together by Estimation Fourteen Thousand Acres, or upwards, and also certain Town Fields, wherein Lands of divers Persons lie feattered and intermixed; and that the Petitioners and other Persons, in respect of their Estates within the said Manors, are entitled to Right of Common, or to certain Stints, upon the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioners, and the several Per* fons Proprietors of Lauds in the said Town Fields, and entitled to Right of Gammon or Stints, or otherwise interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, are dcflrous that the fame, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, may be divided and inclosed, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Thomas Clavering, Sir William Middleton, and Sir Matthew White Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac- Barnard cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cattle Indo-Open Fields, within the Township of Barnard Castle, sure, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Bilston Navi-Birmingham Canal Navigation, was presented to the g*01*-House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise ton, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford; and setting forth, That the Petitioners, many Years ago, made a Canal from the said Town of Birming, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Autherley near Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, which has been completed at an Expence of upwards of 112,000l. and hath been found to answer all the Purposes for which it was intended; and that many of the original Adventurers took Part of their Capital out of Trade for the Purpose of being Sharers in the Undertaking, which whilst employed in Trade, produced them large Interest, but received for many Years from the Canal only 5/. per Cent.; and that the making of that Part of the new Canal from the Coal Mines to the Town of Birmingham, nearly in a parallel Line with the present Canal, mull inevitably in its Consequences be very injurious, and reduce the Value of the Shares at least One Half; and that, upon an accurate Survey lately taken, it appears that the Part of the Country between the Coal Mines and the Town of Birmingham does not in reality afford a sufficient Quantity of Water whereon Two Canals can subsist; and, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, it would, in many other Respects, be prejudicial to the Petitioners, and without producing any Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may not pals into a Law; and that they may be beard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of many Widows and Orphans, whole Ditto. 1 Names are thereunto subscribed, respectively entitled to certain Shares, or Parts of Shares, in the Birmingham Canal: And also,

A Petition of certain Proprietors of the Birmingham Ditto.

Canal, who have purchased Shares therein at advanced Prices;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may not pals into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of it as is proposed to run parallel to the Birmingham Canal

And

a3 Geo. III. 31° Januarii. 125

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Birmingham A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Birmingham Canal Navigation was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to B and from thence to Au-therley, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Secern and Trent, and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and that another Act was pasted, in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to rectify a Mistake in the said first-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend the fame; and that the said Canal bath long since been

completed from certain Parts of the Town of Birmingham to Autherley, as have also the said Collateral Cuts in the said first Act particularly mentioned; and that there are several other Tracts of Land near to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, wherein there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, and the extending the fai(l Canal, or Collateral Cuts, into such new Mines, with additional Collateral Cuts, as also extending the said Canal from or near Birmingham, to join the

Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, may induce the

Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals to complete the same, and thereby open a Communication as well between the said Mines and the Mines upon the Line of the present Birmingham Canal, and the said Oxford and Coventry Canals, as also between the Counties of Bucks, Oxford, and Warwick, and the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull; and that the said Company of Proprietors are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said Two Extensions of Canal and Collateral Cuts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Two Extensions of Canal, with Collateral Cuts, into the said Coal Mines, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition . of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

legating A Petition of several Dyers of Cloth, Bays, and *Py"*K other Woollen Goods, within the Counties of Trade’ sex and Swrey, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Dyers of Cloths, Bays, and Woollen Goods, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, all Persons are restrained from dying Cloths, Bays, and other Woollen Goods, as or for Mather or Woaded Blacks, with any other Ingredients than such as are particularly mentioned in the said Act, and also from using any Logwood in dying of Cloths, Bays, or other Woollen Goods, as or for Blue, under certain Penalties therein mentioned; and the Company of Dyers of London are authorized to appoint Persons to be Searchers, who are impowered to enter the Shops and Warehouses of all Persons uling the Trade of Dyers of Woollen Goods within the City of London, and the Distance of Ten Miles thereof; and the like Authority to appoint Searchers is given to the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter Sessions within the several other Parts of the Kingdom; and that great Neglects have of late Years happened in the Appointment of such Vol.39.

Searchers, and many Frauds and Abuses have been committed by Persons using the Trade of Dyers of Woollen . Goods, to the great Discredit of the Manu-fastures, and the Prejudice of the fair Trader; and that, since the passing of the said Act, great Improvements have been made in the dying of Blacks, and it is found by Experience that some of the Ingredients directed to be used therein are at present improper for that Purpose, and it is necessary that some Alterations should be made in the said Act, touching the Ingredients to be used in the dying of Blacks, and some further and other Powers given, to preserve the Credit of the said Manufacture:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the some, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Turvey In-the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, closure. Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Andrew St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Fisher, Esquire, Ellis Shipley Milton Pestell, Abraham Little, Thomas Pool, and of the feve- Earnefc ral other Persons whole Names are thereunto fob- hrclosure. feribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land, Ground, and Right of Common, within the Lordship, or Liberty, of Milton Eamess, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are within the said Lordship several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in ,their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, and would also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and'Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John and the Earl of Upper Ossory do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Alton Craven, Lord of the Manor of Aston Upthorpe, in the Upthorpe, Ac. County of Berks, and the humble Petition of John Inc 0 ur,‘ Phillips, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Blewberry, in the said County of Berks, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

K k within

Dyed Way Roads*

Maidenhead Bridge, See. Roads.

Doncaster, 6c c. Roads*

North Deigh-ton Inclosure.

12 6

31° Januar'ti. A. 1783.

within the Manors of Aston' Upthorpe and Blaeberry aforesaid, was presented to the Ho trie, and read; Setting forth, Thai the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in finall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any conGderable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Dyed Way to Somertm, and from " Gawb ridge to Tint inhull Fords, and from a Stream

" of Water, called Ford, to Cart gate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act hath been put in Execution, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued; and the Petitioners apprehend that some Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. shend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Mellish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Welherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mellisht

Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Newcastle the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of "ncler Lyme Stafford, under their common Seal, and of the Free- Ioclo*ure-holders and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rates of the said Parish and Borough, several Powers and Authorities were granted to and vested in certain Trustees in the said Act mentioned; and that, if Powers were given to the said Trustees to grant out the said Piece of Waste Land in Lots or Parcels, on long Leases or Terms of Years, for the Purpose of erecting Dwelling Houses and Buildings thereon, it would conduce more effectually to the Purposes of the said Act, and tend greatly to the Benefit of the Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the said Parish and Borough, and to the Advantage of the Public:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration. of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Macdonald, the Lord Trentham, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon J Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the regu- Expiring lating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Laws. Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, in the West Indiesand to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood, and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- Representa-habitants of the Town and County of Poole, was pre- *son 1,1 Par‘ fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That liamen the Petitioners anxiously wish to have the original Constitution of this Country restored and maintained on the genuine Principles of its Foundation; that the

Gefent inadequate Representation of the Commons ouse of Parliament does not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: It is therefore an Evil of the greatest Magnitude, and injurious to the Welfare and Common Interest of the Nation; and that, although the numerous Charters of Incorporation granted to the Town and County of Poole, invested the Right of Election in the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or Inhabitants paying Taxes, yet the Magistrates and Burgesses deny the Commonalty

03 or

23 Gjeo. HI. 31° Januarii. 127

«r Inhabitants Admittance to their Freedom, and exclude them from exercising their Chartered Franchises, in voting at Elections for Reprefeotatives to serve in Parliament, 8$c.; and also, the Freeholders Votes are alike rejected at such Elections, without having incurred

Disfranchisement: And therefore praying the House, to redress theie great and alarming (National and Local) Grievances, by applying such Remedies as to the House shall Ibera meet.

Representa* A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, tioa m Par- and Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Borough of 75-Lament. verton, in the County of Devon, was also presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long been deprived of the great Privilege of being represented in Parliament; and that a Corporation of Twenty-live Men only (many of them Non-residents and Placemen) chosen by themselves, cleft Two Representatives for the said Borough, containing upwards of Five thousand Inhabitants, an exclusive Advantage of which there are very few (if any) Examples betides in the Kingdom; and the Petitioner? beg Leave to observe, that a Re prefen tation so contined and disproportioned, is not only injurious to themselves, but a great national Grievance, insufficient to l'ecure in future the Blessings of a free Constitution, and unlikely to speak the Voice of the People: And the Petitioners do therefore earnestly entreat the House to consider the Subject of this Petition, in Confidence that the House will leriously attend to their Complaints, and grant them such Redress in common with their Fellow Subjects throughout the Kingdom as the Wisdom of the House shall approve.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

Shrewftmry Mr. Noel Hill presented to the House, according to Sure hall. Order, a Bill for building a new Shire Hall and Guild *» Hall, for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrews-

bury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Catwater A Petition of Stephen Drew, of Sloketon, in the

Harbour. County of Cornwall, and William Dtatsfervi/le, of Plymouth, was prefested to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, made ta the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for deanfing, preferring, and maintaining the Harbour of Catwater, near Plymouth, in die County of J)evon, and for cleaning and keeping dean the Pool called Sutton Pool, in Plymouth; and letting forth, That the Shoals and great Banks of Sand, which have been caused in the said Harbour by the Tides and Violence of Storms, have not been removed and carried away, nor the Water flowing over the Middle Bank, or Middle Ground, deepened, according io the Directions of the said Act; and that Cite said Harbour of Catwater is tfeparated from the <Sea called Plymouth Sound by a Peninsula, or finall Neck of Land, called Mount Field, which was

-formerly fenced, and lbcured on the Welt Part thereof, towards Plymouth Sound, by a ftroug Wall, long since rkstroyed by the Violence -of the Winds and Sms, by which great Quantities of the Soil of the said Penin-fula, or Neck of Land, have been waited away, and, unlefe the said Wall be rebuilt, there great Reason to believe that, 'by <the High Tides and Violence of Storms, a thorough Breach will be made from Plymouth Sound through the said Peninsula, or Neck of Land, into the said Harbour of Catwater, which will entirely ruin and render the said Harbour unlit for any Vessels to lie therein; and that the Petitioners have made Proposals for undertaking, at their own Expence, to deepen and cleanse the said Harbour of Catwater, and to keep the same clear and clean, and Vol. S9.

also to rebuild the said Wall at Mount Batton, and secure the said Peninsula, or Neck of Land, from being destroyed, upon receiving such Encouragement, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet; and that, if the ProposeJs for the said Undertaking shall be carried into effect, great Advantage may be derived to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, clearing and rendering more sese and commodious, and keeping clean . the Harbour of Catwater, within the Port of in

the County of Devon; and for erecting a Wall at Mount Batton, and other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Admiral Darby, Mr. Darner,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, passed in Rumbold and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Pei ring not Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraiuing Sir Thomas lhe " Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from lDg 0Ett‘

" going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and for " discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing " the transporfing or alienating the fame," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-intituled, "An Act for restraiuing Sir Thomas mbold. Baronet, and Peter Esquire,

" from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Estates and Eftefts,

" and preventing the transporting or alienating the " fame."

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Lewin, Esquire, was presented Privilege — to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petition from Petitioner having, on the 2istof this Instant January, c^jJonln voluntarily surrendered himself to abide the Pleasure ° y' of the House, was, by their Order, committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, where he has continued a Prisoner ever since; and that, in Addition to the painful Restraints of Imprisonment, and the Detriment arising from thence to his private Concerns, much deranged by his late Absence from this Country, the Petitioner cannot but feel the deepest Concern at having drawn upon himself so severe a Mark of the Displeasure of the House; and that the Petitioner, impressed with the highest; Veneration for its Dignity and Authority, and of the implicit Obedience due so every Power acting under it, does not presume to vindicate his pall Conduct, or to arraign the Justice of that Punishment which is inflicted upon him for it,

'but humbly hopes that he shall be permitted to implore Forgiveness for a Default w'hich originated from no Motives difrepeftful to the House, or dishonourable in themselves; and that the Petitioner did not avoid an Examination, for the Purpose of withholding any Information of a public Nature, or relating to public TransaQions, which it was in his Power to give; and solemnly declares, that he has not, nor ever had, any Wish or Intention of that Kind; and that the precipitate Resolution which the Petitioner was induced to take, was the Result of a sudden Fear and Alarm; and he hopes, from the Indulgence of the

Taptrs rt-

speding the Army.

Pains, &c.

on Rumbold and Perring.

128 31 Januarii.1783.

the House, that some Allowance may be made for his Ignorance of the Nature of Parliamentary Proceedings (he having been absent from this Country, in a foreign Station, from a very early Age) for the Perturbation of Mind and Embarrassment into which he bad been thrown, from his having been unac- ' customed to the Solemnity of a public Examination, and the Dread he was under of expoGng himself a Second Time to similar Embarrassment, and for hi4 Apprehensions of dilcloiing the private Family Concerns, of a very delicate and confidential Nature, of himself and a Friend, to whom be was under Obligations of the highest Nature; which Apprehensionsj although they might be ili-founded, operated uport his Mind with the Effefit of real ones; and that the Petitioner’s immediate Return to this Country was prevented by similar Impressions of Alarm, increased by the Measures which the Justice of the House thought proper to take against him for his Offence against its Authority; and that, on Mr. fVhitehill's Return into this Country, the Petitioner did not hesitate in-stantly to submit himself to the Pleasure of the House, in the Manner which he was advised would be most respefitful, and without occasioning any Trouble or Expence in his Apprehension; and that the Petitioner, not having been actuated by any ill Design, or any intentional DHrespect to the House, humbly hopes that they will be disposed to consider the Offence which he has committed to have been sufficiently expiated, and the violated Honour of the House satisfied by the Punifiunent which he has l'uffered, and that they will be graciously pleased to release him from any further Continuance of it.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Lewin be now brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

He was brought in accordingly, and received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Advertisement, inserted in The London Gazette, from the War Office, dated the 16 th December 1775, and signed." (By His Majesty’s Command)

" ."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Circular Letter of the same Date, written by the Lord Viscount Barring, then Secretary at War, to the Colonels of the several Marching Regiments of Foot in His Majesty’s Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any General Letters, or Orders, written (by His Majesty’s Command) by any Secretary at War, relative to the Terms of Enlistment of His Majesty’s Land Forces, since the 16th Day of December 1775.

The same was objefited to by the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard in Answer thereto.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel be again called in; and that the Counsel for the Bill be at Liberty to read the said Paragraph of the said Letter, in Support of the Matter contained in the Preamble of the Bill.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Paragraph was read.

Then the Counsel for the Bill proceeded further in their Evidence; and produced a Paper, which they stated to be a Translation of an Agreement, dated the lft of July 1778, granted by Sitteram Rauze to Mr. Redhead, for Payment of a Lack of Rupees, as a Present to the said Mr. Redhead, on Account of his Assistance in certain Affairs.

And a Witness having been examined, touching the Authenticity of the said Paper;

The Counsel for the Bill offered to deliver in the said Paper, in order that the same might be brought up to the Table, and read in Evidence.

And the same being objected to by the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold;

The Counsel for the Bill were heard in Answer to the said Objection.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again di-retted to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Paper be brought up to the Table, and read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Attom^Genenil: }8'-

Tellers for the Noes,} ,5.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And, the said Paper was brought up to the Table, and read.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the The other Orders of the Day being read;

further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inffiaing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- w.

certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole MeaLT Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they re- Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- .

spectively held the Offices of Governor and Preudent, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Counsellore and Members, of the Selefit Committee House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Majesty.

Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were And then the House adjourned till Monday

called in Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And the Counsel for the Bill proceeded in their Evidence; and having proposed to read the 159th Paragraph of the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 10th of January 1781, containing the Opinion of the said Court of Directors respecting the Abolition of the Committee of Circuit, and other Matters;

1

Sheppards Shord, &c. Roads.

Sunderland

Port, See.

il Geo. III. i* Februarii. 129

Luna, $' die Febrvarn Anno 230 Georgii IIX(ii Regis, 1783. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees, named and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to continue and make more effectual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdmvn in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent; and also of the Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; and also of many principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in and near the said Highways, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That notwithstanding the Sum of 1,350/. hath been borrowed and laid out in the Reparation of the said Highways, and the Sum of 1,250/. together with a Considerable Arrear erf Interest, is now due on the Tolls granted by the said Acts, yet the said Highways are in many Parts ruinous and bad, and cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and the Interest thereof, be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further extended and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and for such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddoclc, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear, and of the Port and Haven of in the County of Durham, named and appointed by and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, " so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of " His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for " the better Preservation and Improvement of the River " Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the " County of Durham," as relates to the Port and " Haven of Sunderland and the River Wear, between " South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said Port

" and Haven," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Commit lioners named and appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation and Improvement of the River and Port and

Haven of Sutherland, in the County of Durham, and, by another Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty King George the First, for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, divers Powers were granted to Commissioners in the said first-mentioned Act, both of which Acts are long since expired; and that by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Vox.. 39-

King George the Second, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Svtnderland, divers Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port, and Haven; and that by another Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his said late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more " effectual, so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth u Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of " the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland,

" in the County of Durham," as relates to the Port and " Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between " South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the said Port and " Haven," such of the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Twentieth of his said Majesty’s Reign, as were then living, and certain other Persons named in the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port, and Haven, for putting the Two last mentioned Acts in execution, within the Limits, and under the Powers, therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, have expended very large Sums of Money in erecting a large Pier and Key at or near five Mouth of five said River, in deepening file Channel of the said Port, in making several necessary Alterations and Additions in the said Pier, and in making divers other Works for the Improvement and Security of the said Port, Haven, and River, whereby great Advantages have arisen to the Navigation of the said River; and that the East End of the said Pier, from the Force and Violence of the Sea and Land Floods, and the Badness of its Foundation, is at present in a ruinous State, and likely to fell down; and in case the same should fall into the River, the Petitioners apprehend it will be injurious to the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, especially as the Mouth of ithe River may by that Means be choked up, and the Passage of Strips and Vessels in and out of the said Harbour thereby totally prevented, to the great Prejudice and Obstruction of the Trade and Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven; and that the Commissioners, for the avoiding thereof, have been advised by an able and experienced Engineer, and intended to have taken down a considerable Part of the said Pier, and to have rebuilt the same in a different Direction, so as that the Sea and Land Floods might not aft with such Violence thereon, and also be more beneficial to the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven, and, they had actually begun that Work, but the Money to arise from the Duties granted by the said Two last mentioned Acts, being insufficient for the Purpose of carrying on the said Work, they were thereby prevented from proceeding the rein, and the said Work, and other Works which are necessary to be made and effected at the Mouth and other Parts of the said River, to render the said Port and Harbour safe and commodious, cannot be proceeded in and carried on without further Duties being granted for that Purpose; and that the Expences of taking down and rebuilding that Part of the said Pier, and of such other Works, will, upon a moderate Computation, amount to 60,000l. and upwards; and that the Commissioners have borrowed Money on the Credit of the Duties payable by the said Acts, and are also indebted several Sums of Money on account of the Works that have been carried on in pursuance of the said Acts, and the Petitioners arc advii'ed that the Navigation of the said River, Port', and Haven, might be further improved and extended; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of the said Port of Sunderland, if the Wages of Persons employed in casting Coals from and'out of Keels in the said River, Port, and' ' L 1 Haven,

Goswell Street, &c. Road*

Debtors Petition.

Sandon, Sec. Road.

130

30 Februarii. A. 1783.

Haven, into Ships there, were regulated and fixed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to reduce into One Act the said several A fits of Parliament relative to the improving and preserving of the said River, Port, and Haven, and to appoint Commissioners with full Powers to improve and extend the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven, and to raise sufficient Duties to be applied towards defraying the Expence of the improving and extending the fame; and that the said Commissioners may have Power to regulate and fix the Wages of Persons employed in casting Coals in the said River, Port, and Haven, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Cheering, Mr. Plumer, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and repairing a Road from the North-East Side " of the Goszvell Street Road next Islington, in the " County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called " The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old " Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse-bar, and at and from the Doghouse-bar to the End of " Street, by The Artillery Ground," whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a-considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road have been applied in making, widening, repairing, and keeping the said Road in Repair, and other the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Act cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a B.ll for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Herbert Mack-xcorth, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners in the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the King's Bench Prison, for Debt, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Welley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford, as therein mentioned, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act hath been put in Execution to the Advantage of the Public, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed, Part of which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless -the said Act be continued beyond its present Term, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Lewisham, Mr.

Elxves, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow* Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Glasgow Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, was presented Police, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of the Lands of Ramshorn and Meadouflait, purchased from the Patrons and Preceptor of Hutcheson'sHospital, lying adjacent to and on the

North Side of the said City, and allb of a certain Parcel of Ground purchased of Colin Rae, Esquire, of Little Govan, lying adjacent to and on the East Side of the New Green, belonging to the said City; and that the said Lands lie within the Barony Parish of Glasgow, and County of Lanark, but are not comprehended within the Royalty of the said City; and that the Intention of the Petitioners in making the said Purchases, was to have Room for erecting New Buildings thereon, and making Streets and Passages therethrough, as well for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, as for the Convenience and Health of the Inhabitants (who, of late Years, have greatly increased) and of others relbrting to the said City; but, if the Royalty is not extended over the said Grounds, the greatest Part of the present Inhabitants may be induced to take up their Residence there, from a View of being relieved of the Public Burdens immemorially laid by the Petitioners and Predecessors in Office upon the Trade and Property of the Old City, whereby the same mult suffer greatly; and that it would be for the Benefit of the whole Inhabitants, if the Petitioners had further Powers for regulating the Police and Government of the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for comprehending the said Lands of Ramshorn and Mea-dowflatt, and also the said Portion of Ground purchased from the above Colin Rae, within the Royalty of the City of Glasgow, and for giving them certain Powers to regulate the Police and Government of the said City, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall leem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cratefurd, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Clyde Navi-Council of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the Kation* House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the

Village

Winchester, &c. lload.

23 Geo. III. 30 Februarii. 31

Village of Gorballs; and also, by an Act, passed in the said Road, for which Purpose considerable iSums have Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which can-amending the said Act, and for making and widening not be repaid, and the Road kept in good Repair, a Passage, or Street, from The Salt Mercat, in the City unless the said Act be continued arid amended: And of Glasgow, to Saint Andreiv's Church, in the said City, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said the said Church, and for making and building a conve- Act, and for making the same more effectual. nient Exchange, or Square, in the said City; and also, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His pre- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-sent Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Two mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itthall Acts, and for repairing, widening, and enlarging the appear to them, to the House.

Old Bridge across the River Clyde, from the City of And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Mr,

Glasgow to the Village of Gorballs, the Petitioners did, Strachey &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-for the Accommodation of the Public, and at the Ex- ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; pence of the said City, build a large and commodious and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Foot of cords.

Jamaica Street, in the said City, and, by voluntary

Subscription, an Addition was made to the said Old A Petition of Thomas of Barr, in thfe Parish of Birmingham Bridge, from the Foot of Stockwell Street, in the said Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, Elizabeth Caual*

City, to the Village of Gorballs; and that, by the said Dudley, of Tipton otherwise Tibbington, in the said Acts, the Petitioners and their Success'ors in Office are County of Stafford, Widow, Thomas Dudley, of Oltert appointed Trustees on the said Two Bridges, and are End, in the Parish of in the County of War-

empowered to levy certain Tolls and Duties for passing wick, Esquire, the Reverend John Best, of in

and repassing along the fame, accountable to certain the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the said County of Commissioners in the said Acts named, who are autho- Stafford, Clerk, and the several other Persons, whose rized to examine the Accounts of Receipts and Pay- Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors or Owners ments for the said Bridges, and to audit and authenticate of Mines of Coal and Ironftcme, in the said Liberty of the same Yearly, which has been regularly done; and Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the it is declared, that, when the Money expended in build- several Parishes of Wednesbury, Westbromwich, Tipton ing the said New Bridge, and Interest thereof, shall be otherwise Tibbington, Sedgley, and Darlaston, (adjoining satisfied and paid by the Tolls and Duties leviable to the said Parish of in the said County of

thereon, and on the said Old Bridge, and that a Sum Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking shall be let apart for keeping the said New Bridge in Notice of the Petition of the Company of Proprietors Repair, then and immediately thereafter the levying of of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, for Leave to the aforesaid Duties shall cease, and the Passage along bring in a Bill for giving further Powers for the Manage-the said Bridges shall be free; and that from the Time ment and Preservation of the said Canal, and for making the said New Bridge was finished, and the Addition a Navigable Cut or Canal from Rider's Green, in the made to the said Old Bridge, the Tolls and Duties au- Parish of Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, by thorized to be levied on the said Two Bridges have or near Great Bridge, and terminating near Broadwater been Annually let by public Auction to the highest Fire Engine, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County Bidder, but the Rents received for the same have always of Stafford, together with Five Collateral Branches; fallen greatly short in paying the Yearly Interest of the leading to different Coal Mines; and also taking Notice Money laid out in building the said New Bridge; and, of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable unless the Tolls and Duties now leviable on the said Two Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines Bridges are increased, the Petitioners will never receive in the Liberty 6f Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhamp-the Money they have laid out in building the said New ton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton Other- Bridge, nor will the said Two Bridges become free, as was wife Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the the Intention of the Legislature; And therefore praying, County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explain- County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate ing arid amending the said Acts, and for increasing the with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Tolls and Duties now payable on the said Two Bridges, Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall arid representing to the House, that the Mines of Coal seem proper. and Ironstone, with which the Extension of the said

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- mingham Canal Navigation is intended to communicate, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine are the same Mines from whence the Canal described in the Matter thereof; and Report the fame, as it shall ap- the said Bill, and intended to be executed on a low pear to them, to the House: Level to Birmingham and Fazeley, is to be made, and

And it is referred to Mr. Craufurd, the Lord Advo- instead of having been discovered fmee the Execution cate of Scotland, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow of the said Birmingham Canal, es is erroneously stated Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- in the said Petition of the Proprietors, were so well known ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and to have in Part supplied the Town of Birmingham with Records. Coals before the making of the said Birmingham Canal,

that the Proprietors were induced to join in the Applica-A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, made tion to Parliament for an Act to make the said Canal, in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in hopes that the same would have been conducted on for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the such a proper Line and Level, as would have effectually North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy accommodated the Petitioners with a fore and easy Com-Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to munication by Water with the said Town of Birmingham;

Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow but the said Birmingham Canal having been executed Down aforesaid, through fVherwell, to the present Turn- upon a much higher Level than the Line marked out for pike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, the fame, and laid before Parliament when Application was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, was made for an Act to make the said Canal, and the That great Progress hath been made in amending the Lands of the Petitioners by that Means lying so many Feet'

Vol. 39. below

Stafford to Sandon Road.

152 3 0 Februarii.A. 1783.

below the Level of the fe'4 Birmingham C?ufel> so that amined, feid, That ft considerable Progress hath been they cannot deliver Coals upon the Panics thereof, with- made in repairing the said Roads, in doing which a large out incurring so great Expence in haling, that some of Debt hath beep contracted in each respective District; the Petitioners have been prevented from fending Copls and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, nor by the said Canal, others have been obliged in Part to the Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, discontinue the working of Mines planted at considerable unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued Expence, and several discouraged from opening their and enlarged.

Mines for Want of a Communication by Water with O That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Town of Birmingham, and more distant Mar- continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the kets, by a Canal upon a lower Level, and a more near Powers, of an Act, of the Third Year of His present and certain Course, than the said Birmingham Canal; Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading and that the proposed Extension of the Birmingham from the Town of Stafford, to in the County o?

Canal will not tend greatly to promote the fnterest of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of the Petitioners and the other Owners of Mines in the Salop and Stafford: And that Sir Henry Bridgman, said Paiifees, as is also erroneously alleged in the said Mr* Nod Hid, and Mr. Whitmore, do prepare, and Petition of the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, bring in, the fame, because it will effectually cut off all other Navigable

Accefe to the said Mines, and prevent the Petitioners Sir Bridgman reported from the Committee, cieobury

fending their Cpels intp the upper Parts of Warwickshire, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Mortimer, and the Counties of Northampton and Oxford, and or elected for putting in Execution the Powers of an Act &c- Road»-Places adjacent, by Means of the intended Junction of of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of the proposed Canal, on the low Level, to Birmingham His present Majesty King George the Third, for amend -and Fazeley, with the Coventry Canal: And therefore ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads praying, That a Bill, for giving such Powers for the leading from Cieobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Management and Preservation of the said Canal and Glazeky, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in Cuts already made, and for making and maintaining a the Counties of Salop and IVyrccster, was referred; That Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Place called the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-Riders Green, in the Parish of Westbromapich, in the ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, said County of Stafford, by or near Great Bridge, and relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and from thence through the Lands of the Petitioner the said that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Elizabeth Dudley, Widow, George Birch, Esquire, the Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it Petitioners the said Reverend Mr. Best, and Thomas appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-Hoo, Esquire, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Dud- Port to his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the ley and Ward, and terminating near Broadwater Fire Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Engine, to the Parish of Wednesbury, in the said County followed*; viz.

of Stafford, together also with the said Five Collateral To Prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Branches, and for enabling the Petitioners to receive Act was read: And

fiinilar Tonnage and Wharfage Dues, pro Bata, for such Mr. Thomas Haslezooood informed your Committee*

Extension of Canal and Collateral Cuts, and have the That great Progress has been made in repairing the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, respecting the said Roads, for which Purpose several considerable Sums feme, as are given to them by the said former Acts, of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the with respect to their present Canal and Collateral Cuts, To'ls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads with l'uch additional Powers, may not pass into a Law, effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act and that die Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against fie further continued, and the Powers thereof en-the said Bill. larged.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Table, until the Report be received from the Com- continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the mittee, to whom foe Petition of the Company of Powers, of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation is Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Rereferred. pair, several Roads leading from Cieobury Mortimer, The

Cross Houses, and the Turnpike Gate on

Sir Henry Bridgeman reported from the Committee, berley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester: to whom the Petition of several of foe Trustees for putting And that Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Noel Hill, and into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Mr. Whitmore, do prepare, apd bring to* the feme.

Year of foe Reign of His present^ Majesty King George

the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen- A Petition of foe Reverend Sir Charles Mills, Baronet, Kingsombom " ing foe Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Impropriator of the Tythes arising within the Parish of Inclosure.

" Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Kingsom in the County of Southampton, and also Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford," wap. Vicar of the said Parifo, Sir Henry Paulet St. John, Ba~ referred; That the Committee had examined, and ronet, Lord of the Hundred of Kingsomborn, within which found that foe Standing Orders of foe House, of the foe feid Parifo is situate, the Prftident and Scholars of foe.

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had College of Saint Mary , in the University of

been complied with: and that the Committee had ex-. Oxford, Leonard Cropp, Thomas Gatehouse, John Pollen, amined the Matter of the said Petition; god had di« and Walter Smith, Esqujres, and of several others, Own-re&ed him to report foe fame, as ft appeared to them, ers and Proprietors of Lends in foe Open and Common, to the House; and he read foe Report in hi? Place; Fields of Kingsomborn aforesaid, whose Names, or Com-xnd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: mon Seal, are thereunto subscribed and set, was presented Where foe feme was read; and is a? followefo; viz- so the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the and Grounds of the Petitioners in foe feid Common feid Act was read: And, apd Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and in

Mr. Fronds Brookes, Mr. Thomas Dickinson, and their present Situation are incapable of Improvement,

Mr. Thomas Haslewood, foe Clerks to foe Three District? and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the of Road coroprifed in foe said Act, being severally ex- Petitioners, and of ah Per Ions interested. therein, if 8 the

23 Geo. III. 3* Februarii. 13 3

the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in fuel) Manner as to the House llxull seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ui lhant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Thistletliwayte and Mr. Jervoise do prepare, and

bring in, the fume.

Chatteris A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are tVafte Lands, thereunto lubscribed, having Right of Common upon several Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confirming and ellablishing Articles of Agreement for the better ordering " and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, and " enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds,

" lying in Chatteris, in the of Ely, and County of " Cambridge, and also for ascertaining the Parts or " Lots belonging to each Commoner on certain Fens " therein mentioned, and for empowering the Commoners to plow and cultivate the said Fens for a " certain Number of Years therein limited, and for " obliging the Occupiers of Lands in the Open Fields of " Chatteris to fence the fameand that it is necessary, for the proper ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying the said Commonable and Waste Grounds, that some Alterations and Amendments should be made to the said Act; and that the Provisions necessary for the ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying the said Commonable and Waste Grounds would be better understood, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Yorke and Sir Henry Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rotherhithe A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overpaying, tic. seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, otherwise Redrijfe, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the said Parish, are ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and are also greatly incumbered with Posts, and annoyed with Signs, Spouts, Gutters, and other Obllruftions, whereby they are rendered incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous to the Inhabitants and to Passengers; and that there is no regular Watch in the said Parish, for Want whereof the Inhabitants, their Houses, and Property, are exposed to the Violence of Footpads, Housebreakers, and other Disturbers of the Peace; and that, if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and regulate the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and to remove all Annoyances and Obstructions, and to prevent the same for the future, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vo l. 39.

Ordered, That - the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Allhorpe, Sir Joseph Maubey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, Wetherby, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of Ripley, Nid, &c- K°art-Brearton, Scotton, Scriven, Knareshorough, Little Rib-

stan, North Deighton, Kirk Deigh f Yet her by, and

several other Places, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the High Road leading from Wetherby, through Spofforth, Knareshorough, Ripley, S Pateley Bridge, Greenhaugh Hill, and Hebden, to Grassington, in the County of York, was made a Turnpike Road, but at present is a very scanty Security for the Money advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls; and that there is another High Road, leading from Wetherby, through Kirk Deighton, North Deighton, and Little to

Knareshorough, which is shorter, left hilly, and more commodious for Travellers, than through Spofforth; and it would be very convenient for the Petitioners, and all other Persons having Occasion to travel between Wetherby and Kt/aresborough, if the same was to be

repaired and converted into a Turnpike Road, which if effected would obviate the insurmountable Difficulties that at present fubfilt upon the other Branch, leading through Spofforth, which by Reason of several steep

Banks, and particularly the Afeent into the Town of Knareshorough, is rendered almost impafiable with loaded Carriages; and that the said Road from Wetherby, through Kirk Deighton, North Deighton, and Little Ribstan, to Knareshorough, is in many Places so narrow and ruinous, that Carriages cannot pass without Danger, and the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the effectual repairing and widening of the said Road would be of public Utility, and not only tend to the great Eale and Convenience of all the Inhabitants of the said several Towns, anJ the Neighbourhood thereof, respectively, and all other Persons travelling from Wetherby to,

but, if incorporated with that Branch of the Turnpike Road from Wetherby to Grassington, which leads from Knareshorough, through Spofforth, to Wetherby, would strengthen the Security for the Money already advanced and expended thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road leading from Wetherby, through Kirk Deighton, North Deighton, and Little Ribstan, to Knaresborough aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mellish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Crkklade the 18th Day of December last, for taking into Con- liletiwn. federation Tomorrow, the Petition of Samuel Petrie,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

M m And

134 3* Febrtmri , 1783.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Birmingham Sir Robert Laririey reported from the Committee to Poor, &c. whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of them lei ves and the rest of the Inhabitants who contribute to the Relief of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Nathaniel Lawrence, being examined, said, That the said Town is large and populous, and burthened with a very numerous and expensive Poor — That the Rates for the Relief of such Poor have, comvnmibus amtis, for several Years last pad, amounted to 10,000 /. and upwards, of which 6,000 /., or thereabouts, is Annually applied to the Relief of Out Pensioners, whom the present Workhouse is not capable of receiving — That a Propofol for providing another Workhouse, sufficiently large to receive such Out Pensioners, with proper Buildings, wherein they may be employed and let to Work, hath been laid before, and unanimously approved by, a great Number of Inhabitants of the said Town and PariQ), at a public Meeting lately held for that Purpose, who are well assured, that the providing the same will be attended with great Advantages, and enable the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish to maintain their Poor at a much leis Expence than at present.

And the Witness added, That the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish are not able to raise Monies sufficient for the Purpose, without borrowing the fame, or a great Part thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish: And that Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Shuckburgh, and Mr. Ladbroke, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Paper* re- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-speding the suant to their Orders,

rmy’ N° 1. Copy of an Advertisement published in The Gazette, dated War Office, 16th December 1775: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Secretary at War to the Colonels of Marching Regiments of Infantry on the British Establishment, from the Royals to the 71st Regiment, both inclusive, dated 16th December 1775: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Secretary of State, relative to Recruits for the Marching Regiments of Infantry in Ireland being en-lilted for a Term of Years, dated 16th December 1775: And allb,

N° 4. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Secretary at War to the Commandants of several New Corps, relative to enlisting for a Term of Years, dated 27th December 1777: And also,

N° 5. Extract from the Letters of Service granted

by the Secretary at War, for raising several new Corps, relative to enlisting for a Term of Years, dated from the 8th to the 24th of January 1778, both inclusive:

And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Secretary at War to the General and Field Officers commanding in Districts, relative to the Terms offered to Volunteers by the Recruiting Act, dated 16th February 1779;

And inclosing,

N° 7. A printed Advertisement.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Sparrow’s of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Herne, &c. His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, Road* and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrows Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Her, by Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by,

to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for rendering the Payment of Cre- Scotland — ditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Payment of Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual lb Creditor*, much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory N otes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are there- Kilbourne unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others Bridge, &c. the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Road. Parliament, made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving that Part of the Road called Oxford Street; and also, for putting in Execution so much of the Act, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enabling the respefitive Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, and allb from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pyehouse Fields, into the said new Road,

23 Geo. III. 30 Februar 35

and for enlarging the Temps and Powers of the said Two first-mentioned Acts, as relates to so piuch of the new Road in the said Act described as extends from the Edgezi'are Road near Paddington to Tottenham Court, and fronp the North End of Great Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pyehouse Fields, to such new Road, was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which has been laid out for the Purposes of the said Acts, but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the Money Owing be repaid, unlel's the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued, and the Tolls, as well as several other of the Powers of the said Acts, altered and enlarged; and that, if the Petitioners were ira-powered to watch and Light the Roads under their Care in such Paris as will be most convenient for the Protection of Passengers and the Inhabitants of Houses on the Sides thereof, and to water the said Roads, it would be of great public Utility; and that, in order to defray the Charge thereof and in Aid of the Tolls collected at the several Gates, the Petitioners propose to lay a small Rate on the Inhabitants of Houses and Buildings within a certain Distance of the said Roads, who are . not charged to any Parochial Rate or Assessiuent, for the Purposes of lighting and watching: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Machxvorth, Mr. Byng, 8c. c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Expiring Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ** to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, in the West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Afites, Wood, and Weed Allies, hn-ported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Representa- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, tion in Par- Freemen, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of liament. Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present unequal Representation of tire Commons of the Realm being an Evil which tends to fap the Foundation of the Constitution of this Country, and is Vol. 39.

destructive of the Rights of the People, ealls loudly for Reform, and that the Petitioner's, uniting their Voipe with their Fellow Citizens, respectfully call upon the Virtue and Wisdom of tire House, in which they confide, to take this Grievance into Consideration: And beg Leave to express the Hope, That the House will deliberate upon the Duration of Parliaments, and come to such Determination thereupon as may afford a firm Foundation for unwavering Confidence in the Legislative Powers of this Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Italian last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Thrown Silk.

" further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for al- ’

" lowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian " Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited " Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

liefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hqufe, an Fishery. Account of the Number of Ships employed from Great Britain, or the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, in the Fisheryon any of the Coasts of North America, between the i ft of January 1763 and the 1 ft of January 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Furs. Account of the Quantity of Furs exported from die Province of Canada, between the lft of January 1763, and the iftof January 1777; distinguishing the Species, the Places, and the Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Logwood, Account of the Quantity of Logwood imported into Great Britain, or any of His Majesty’s Dominions, between the lft of January 1763 and the lft of January 1777; distinguishing the Places and the Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Gum Senega, Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega, and of the &c-Number of Slaves, exported from any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Africa, between the 1 ft of January 1763 and the lft of January 1777, distinguishing the Places and the Year.

A Petition of Sir Henry Etherington, Baronet, Joseph Beverley, &c.

Robinson Pease, Esquire, John Hoggard, Esquire, Thomas Inclosure and Marr, William IVafney, Richard John Farrer, drainage. Gentlemen, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands in fVeel, Woodmancy, Theame, Beverley, Beverley,

Figham, and Skidby Car, and Sk Ings, all in the Parishes of Saint John, in Beverley, and Skidby in the.

East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Townships and Places above-mentioned, are divers large Tracts of Open Ground, which, if inclosed and drained, are capable of great Improvement, and would be much more useful and convenient for the Purposes of Husbandry; and that the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed that the said Open Lands and Grounds, except the said Place called Figham, should be inclosed and allotted amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their Interests therein, and that a Compensation may be made in lieu of Tithes arising from the said Premise6, and also that the Lands and Grounds in the said several Townships and Places should be drained through the Townships of Cotting-ham and Sculcoates into the River which would

tend

ii6 3* — 4 0 FebruarA. 1783.

tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. JVtlberforce and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Coals used in A Petition of John Esquire, on Behalf of

Anglesey himself, and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees, incs« of Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several considerable Mines of Copper and Lead in the said Me, and the Petitioner and other Persons who are concerned in railing Copper and Lead therefrom, are obliged, on account of the Want of Coals and other Fuel in the said Me, to carry their Copper and Lead Ores, at a very considerable Expence, to other Places at a great Distai\ce, where Coals pay no Duty, in order to be smelted; and that the heavy Expence which the Petitioner and others necessarily incur on account of the high Price of and Duty on Coals in the said Me, is a great Discouragement as well to the Lessees, Owners, and Proprietors, of the said Mines, as to other Persons who might become Adventurers therein; and that in the Progress of working the said Mines, they must necessarily go to such a Depth, that, from that Circumstance and the Situation of the Ore, it will be itnpoflible for the Water to be drawn and kept out of them without the Help of Fire Engines, in working of which great Quantities of Coals must be used, in procuring whereof the Lessees and Owners and Proprietors of Copper and Lead Mines in the said Me will be under the same Difficulties and Discouragement as in supplying themselves w’ith Coals for the Purpose of Smelting; and that, as an Encouragement for railing Tin and Copper Ores, a Drawback on the Duties on Coals consumed in smelting such Tin and Copper Ores in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was granted by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and allb a like Drawback on the Duties on Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, was granted by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second; and that the Petitioner apprehends, if the like Drawback was to be allowed for all Coals consumed in smelting of Copper and Lead Ores, and in working such Fire Engines, within the said Me, the Petitioner and other Persons would be enabled to work the Copper and Lead Mines in the said Me more effectually, as well to the Advantage of the Lessees, Owners, and Adventurers, as of the Public in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consuleration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bilston Navi- The Order of the Day being read for the Second

gation. Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communi-

cate with the Coventry Canal, at or near in the

Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Petitions for and against the said Bill were allb read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation; and allb, for the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunder written, Owners or Occupiers of Houses and Lands near or through which the Canal is intended to be cut, were heard; and examined several Witnesses in fopport of the said Petitions; and went through their Evidence.

Then One of the Counsel for the Bill was heard; and examined a Witness in fopport of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 4° die Februorii Anno 23,- Georgii IIPU Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of several Persons whose Names Newnham to are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, st. White’* or Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood and Parishes of Hoad. Newnham and Littledean, near the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road from the Passage, or Ferry, over the River Severn at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Littledean, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining His Majesty s Forest of Dean, in the said County of Gloucester, and leading to several Market Towns in the Counties of Gloucester, Monmouth, and Hereford, is very much out

of Repair, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for travelling, and cannot be properly amended by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, under such Regulations and Provisions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guise,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Heretors of the County of Edinburgh,

23 Geo. III. 4 0 Februa 137

Edinburgh burgh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for them-iuiuteWork. selves and the remaining Heretors of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws now in Force for obliging the Occupiers of Land in the said County to do Statute Work, or to I work for a certain Time annually in repairing the High-

ways and Roads within the same, are attended with many Inconveniences; and that the Petitioners conceive, if certain Regulations were made, the Statute Work might in future be properly exacted, and that pecuniary Conversions ought in certain Cafes to be taken in lieu of Work, and applied in making the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and rendering more effectual the Exaction of the Statute Work within the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-i mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Feigusson,&c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mickley A Petition of several of the Freeholders within the

inclosme. Town of Mickley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Township of Mickley several Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuages and Cottages, and about Three hundred Acres of Inclosed Land, to which are appurtenant in due Proportions a Right of Common on about Three hundred Acres of Land not inclosed; and that it would be very beneficial to the Proprietors in general, in case the Rights on the said Commons were to be ascertained by Stint in due Proportions, giving Power to inclose such Part or Parts thereof as may be proper to accommodate Proprietors with Watering Places for their Cattle depaliuring on the adjacent Lands, and for other reasonable Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the rurposes aforesaid, with such further Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Duncombe and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Burton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Mings thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all

oc 0 ure. others the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the

Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Wam'ick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted for them, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Over-Vo l. 39.

seers of the Poor, and othfer inhabitants of the Parish St. George's

of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of South- "(^wark

wark and County of Surrey, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc situate

within the said Parish the Prison of The King's

the Rules whereof extend nearly over the whole of the said Parish, the Prison of The Marshalsea, the Common Gaol of the County of Surrey called The New Gaol,

and the House of Correction for the said County called '

The Neio Bridewell; and that the Rules of the King's

Bench Prison being so extensive, many Prisoners who have large Families frequently rent Houses, or Parts of Houses, or Lodgings ready furnished, therein, at the Rent of 10/. per Annum, or upwards, and others at lower Rents, all which making them liable to be rated to and to pay the Parish Rates and Taxes, they are thereby deemed to gain Settlements, and many of such Prisoners, their Families, and Servants, have become heavy Burthens upon the said Parish; and that the Families of Prisoners have frequently been sent from the said Prison of The Marshalsea, when lick or otherwise distressed, to the Overfoers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be by them supported, and when able, to be removed to their respective Places of Settlement, which brings on a heavy. Expence to the said Parish; and that frequent Applications are made to the Officers of the Parish, from the said County Gaol and House of Correction, for Relief and Support for many miserable Objects belonging to Prisoners therein, and for Children born there, and to remove them to their Settlements, which occasion further Expences to the said Parish; and that the said Parish is burthened with a numerous Poor of their own; that the Inhabitants are chiefly Tenants at Rack Rent, and are very heavily taxed in all Respects, and in the Place called The Mint, and in Kent Street, which are large and fully inhabited, scarcely One-third Part of the Householders are able to pay any Rates or Taxes, and many of the Houses are let in single Rooms or Lodgings ready furnished, and frequently for a Angle Night, to Vagrants, Travellers, and poor Persons of every Description, which the said Parish is liable to by being the great Avenue to London and Portsmouth, Dover, and other Parts, by which Means Expence frequently falls upon the said Parish, and the Number of their casual Poor are thereby increased; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish experience great Inconveniences from the whole Number of Overseers of the Poor being appointed at one and the same Time, because they are of Course at first coming into Office unacquainted not only with the proper Method of maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor in the Workhouse, but with the Characters and Circumstances of such of the poor Inhabitants as are upon the Lift for Relief without going into the Work-house; and the Petitioners conceive it would be advantageous to the said Parish if One Half of the Overseers were to be appointed at the usual Time, and the other Half in the Middle of the Year, each Party to be continued in Office for a Year, by which Means One Half will be in the Office Six Months, when the other Half are appointed; and that there being few Inhabitants in the said Parish of independent Fortunes, and most of the principal Housekeepers having served the Office of Overseers of the Poor, it is difficult to find Persons sufficient to serve that Office who can be expected to spare Time from their own Avocations to attend to the necessary Duties of that laborious Office, exclusive of the Business of collecting the Money upon the Poor Rates, which requires a more than ordinary Attention, great Part of the Inhabitants beings very poor, and frequently removing from one Part of the Parish to another, by which Means, and otherwise, without a strict Attendance, much Money is liable to be loft to the Parish; and the Petitioners apprehend it will occasion a Saving to the Parish to have a Power given

N n to

Southwark Court of Record*

St. James

(Westminster)

Paving.

138 40 Februarii. A. 1783.

to the Vestry to appoint Collectors of the said Rates, with an adequate Salary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief and Convenience of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, respecting the several Circumstances above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard , Mr.

Thornton, &c.: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town and Borough is of great Antiquity, and a very large and extensive Trade is carried on therein; and that a Court of Record hath, for Time immemorial, been usually held in the said Town and Borough once every Week, for entering and carrying on the necessary Proceedings in bringing to Issue and Trial of Causes in all personal Actions arising within the Jurisdiction thereof; but that the Mode of Proceeding the rein, for the Recovery of Debts and Damages between Forty Shillings and Ten Pounds, is very dilatory, and the Expences attending the same are very burthensome to the Suitors of the said Court, by Means whereof many Persons now l'ubnait to the Loss of their just Debts; and that, if the Proceedings of the said Court were regulated and shortened, and the Creditor enabled to recover his Debt or Damages in a more summary Way, and the Expences attending the Prosecution of Suits in the said Court were reduced, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be of great Advantage to all Persons residing within the said Borough, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hotham, Mr. Thornton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts were made, in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and Power was thereby given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof; and that, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Power of making Contracts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and Parts adjacent, and of performing several other Matters relating thereto, and likewise the Power of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and vested in & certain Number of the Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who are annually appointed by the Vestry to be Committee Men for those Purposes, but the Powers so vested in the said Committee Men are, in feme Cafes, subject to the Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners; and that the Paving of all the Streets and public Passages in the said Parish of Saint James hath, for some Time past, been completed under the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Acts, and a Debt of 26,650/. was on that Account contracted, and 23,318/. 15 s. Part thereof, ltill remains unpaid, and Hands charged upon the Estates of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, are not only unnecessary, but occasion a very considerable Annual Expence to the Petitioners, from which they do not receive the least Benefit; and that, if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, which any wife relate to the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint James, were abolished, and proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, were given to the Vestry and a Committee of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in like Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be better and more conveniently conducted, and at a much left Expence than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cedi Wray, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestry-men, and several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Cement Garden, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts were made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Power was thereby given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof; and that, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Power of making Contrasts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and of performing several other Matters relating thereto, and likewise the Power of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said. Acts, and vested in a certain Number of Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who are appointed Committee Men for those Purposes, but the Powers so vested in the said Committee Men are, in some Cafes subject to the Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners; and that the greatest Part of the said Parish of Saint Paul, Cement Garden, hath been paved under the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Acts, and a Debt of 2,450 /. on that Account was contracted, and 600 /. Part thereof,

remains

Covent Garden Paving, Set.

33 Geo. III. 40 Februarii. 139

remains unpaid, and now Hands charged upon the Estates of the Petitioners and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within the said Parish, are not only unnecessary, butoccasion a very considerable Annual Expence to the Petitioners, for which they do not receive the least Benefit, but, on the contrary, the same are, in many instances, attended with great Trouble and Delay; and that, if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, which any ways relate to the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, were abolished, in like Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Squarand if the foie Power and Authority of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, was given to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be better and more conveniently conduced, and at a much less Expence than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir , Mr. Byng,

Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

St. Anne* A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and feve-

(Westnnnfter) rai other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint , within

Paving. the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts were made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other, Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Power was thereby given to certain Commissioners to >make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof; and that, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Power of making Contrails for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and of performing several other Matters relating thereto, and likewise the Power of railing Money for the Purposes aforesaid, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and veiled in a certain Number of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, respectively, who are appointed Committee Men for those Purposes, but the Powers so velted in the said Committee Men are, in feme Cafes, subject to the Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners; and that the greatest Part of the said Parish of Saint Anne hath been paved under the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Acts, and a Debt of 7,200l. was, on that Account, contra6led, and 4,400l. Part thereof, now stands charged upon the Estates of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, are not only unnecessary, but occasion a very considerable Annual Expence to the Petitioners, for which they do not receive the least Vol. 39.

Benefit; and that, if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, which in any wise relate to the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint Anne, were abolished, in like Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and if the foie Power and Authority of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, was velted in a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be better and more conveniently con-dufted, and at a much less Expence than at present:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cec Wray, Mr. Byng, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wapping the reunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish Poor, &c. of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish, and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets within the said Parish, and divers Persons are thereby appointed Trustees for carrying the same into Execution, and to be and continue such Trustees for Life, unless disqualified by the Means in the said Act mentioned; and that such Appointment of the said Trustees for Life, so far as relates to the Poor of the said Parish, may be attended with Inconveniences; but the Petitioners apprehend the same may be prevented, if Power is given to choose the Trustees for the Management of the Poor of the said Parish annually, in like Manner as is directed by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and other Purposes; and that by the said first-recited Act it is enacted, that no Person, other than those intitled to be Trustees by virtue of their Offices, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act, unless such Person shall be Proprietor of, or occupy, a House or other Tenement which shall be charged towards the Rates for the Relief of the Poor at the Yearly Rent of 15 /. or upwards, nor be capable of acting as a Vestryman, unless such Person shall hold or occupy a House, or other Tenement, which shall be charged towards the Rates for the Relief of the Poor at the Yearly Rent of 10/. or upwards; but there is no Penalty inffifted on any Person acting as a Trustee, or a Vestryman, without being qualified as aforesaid, the Want of which, the Petitioners apprehend, will, in a great Degree, prevent such Disqualifications from having the Effect intended; and that, by the said first-recited Act, it is also enacted, that if any Person appointed, a Trustee for any of the Purposes therein mentioned, shall have any Share or Interest in any

Contraft,

140

4° Februarii. . 1783.

Contraft, or be appointed to or enjoy any beneficial Employment under or by virtue of the said Act, every such Person shall, during his Continuance in such Employment, or the Term of such Contraft, be disqualified from acting as a Trustee; but there is no Penalty inflicted on any Person who thall presume to act as a Trustee whilst holding such beneficial Employment, or being concerned in such Contract, the Want of which, the Petitioners apprehend, may be attended with great Inconveniences; and the said Act is, in some other Respects, defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said first-recited Act, in such Manner, and in such Parts thereof, as the House shall think needful and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Cecil &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whitechapel A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-

Paving, &c. (eers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lane called Church Lane, in the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, Saint George, and the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the County of Middlesex, is a great public Thoroughfare, and has Communication with l'everal Streets and Places leading from the River Thames, and into the great Turnpike Road called The Middlesex and Essex Turnpike Road, and Whitechapel High Street; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, have expended large Sums of Money iu repairing and amending such Part of the said Lane as is within their Parish, notwithstanding the said Part is now in a ruinous Condition, dangerous for Carriages, and incommodious to Passengers, and if the same was properly paved and clean-led, and all Obstructions and Annoyances removed therefrom, it would be of great public Utility, and advantageous to the Inhabitants; and that there are several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, which are very ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Posts, Rails, and other Annoyances, and if the same were also properly paved, and all Obstructions and Annoyances removed, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and all Persons passing through the lame; and that the Parish Church of Saint Mary Whitechapel being in very great need of an immediate and considerable Repair, the Petitioners have lately caused the said Church to be thoroughly repaired, the Expence whereof amounts to about 1,700l. and have already made a very considerable Assessment towards paying the Workmen employed in the said Repairs, but the same is not in anywise sufficient for that Purpose; and the making any further Assessments for immediately raising Money to defray the whole of the said Expence will be very burthensome and inconvenient to the Petitioners; and that, by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of the Repairs of the said Parish Church, the Trustees appointed by the said Act were authorized to raise any Sum of Money, not exceeding i,"2oo/. for defraying the Expences of the then Repairs of the said Church; and that it will be a very great Easement and Benefit to the Petitioners, if they were now enabled to raise a Sum of Money for the Purpose of discharging the Remainder of the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church, and for paving and regulating the said Part of the said Lane, and the said several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Petitioners to pave and regulate the said Part of the said Lane, and the said other Streets, Avenues, and Places, and to enable the Petitioners to raise Money for that Purpose, and for the Purpose of defraying the Remainder of the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church, by such Ways or Means, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Wray,

tic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses St. Giles and and other Buildings in the United Parishes of Saint St. George Giles in the Fields and Saint Geoi'ge Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, aving* and read; Setting forth, That several Acts were made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and Power was thereby given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof; and that by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Power of making Contracts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and Parts adjacent, and of performing fevered other Matters relating thereto, and likewise the Power of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and vested in a certain Number of the Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who are appointed Committee Men for those Purposes, but the Powers so vested in the said Committee Men are, in some Cafes, subject to the 'Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners; and that the greatest Part of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury have been paved under the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Acts, and Debts, amounting to 21,650/. have been on that Account contrafted, and now stand charged upon the Estates of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; and representing to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parishes, are not only unnecessary, but occasion a very considerable annual Expence to the Petitioners, for which they do not receive the least Benefit; and that, if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, which anywise relate to the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, and other public Passages and Places within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, were aboli Hied, in like Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Parish of George, Hanover Square, and if the foie Power and Authority of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and other public Passages and Places was given to the Vestrymen of the said Parishes, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be better and more conveniently conducted, and at a much lets

Expence

St. Clement

Danes

Paving.

23 Geo. lit. 40 Februarlu 141

Expence than at present: And therefore praying, That the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: before-mentioned Purposes, in such Manner, and under

such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of St. Martin’*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Houses in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, jj* Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to aTln?‘ mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts shall appear to them, to the House: were made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, Squares, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. of Westminster and Parts adjacent, and Power was given thereby to certain Commissioners to make Rates A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof;

Houses and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Clement and that, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Reign of His present Majesty, the Ppwer of making Lancaster, in the County of Middlesex, as within the Contracts for paving and keeping in Repair, cleqnfing City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the and lighting, the Streets and other public Passages House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts were and Places within the respefitive Parishes in the mid made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth City and Liberty and Parts adjacent, and of perform-Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, fog several other Matters relating thereto, and like-cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other wise the Power of railing Money for the Purposes Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and aforesaid, were taken from the Commissioners, ap-PSrts adjacent, and Power was thereby given to certain pointed by the said Acts, and vested in a certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for Number of the Inhabitants of such Parishes respectdefraying the Expences thereof; and that, by an Act lively, who were annually appointed by the Vestry made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present to be Committee Men for those Purposes, but the Majesty, the Power of making Contracts for paving. Powers lb vested in the said Committee Men are, in cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public feme Cafes, subject to the Controul and Direction of the Passages and Places within the respective Parishes in the said Commissioners; and that the paving of all the said City and Liberty and Parts adjacent, and of per- Streets and public Passages, and other Places, in the forming several other Matters relating thereto, and like- said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, or the greatest wife the Power of raising Money for the Purposes afore- Part thereof, hath, for feme Time past, been completed laid, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by under the Powers and Authorities granted by the said the said Acts, and vested in a certain Number of the Acts, and a very considerable Debt hath, on that Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who were Account, been contracted, and now stands charged annually appointed by the Vestry to be Committee Men upon the Estates of the Petitioners, and the rest of the for those Purposes, but the Powers so vested in the said Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the Committee Men are, in ferae Cafes, subject to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the said Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners; and Commissioners over the Streets and other public Passages1 that great Part of the said Parish of Saint Clement and Places within the said Parish, are not only unne-Danes hath been paved under the Powers arid Authori- ceflary, but occasion a very considerable Annual Expence ties granted by the said Act, and a very considerable Debt to the Petitioners, for which they do not receive the hath on that Account been contracted, great Part of least Benefit; and that, if the Power and Jurisdiction of which now remains due, and stands charged upon the the said Commissioners, which anywise relate to the Petitioners and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other Houses and Buildings in the said Parish; and represent- public Passages and Places within the said Earish of ing to the House, that the Controul and Jurisdiction of Saint Martin in the Fields, were abolished, in like the said Commissioners over the Streets, and other public Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Passages and Places, within the said Parish, are not only Parliament, with respect to the Parish of Saint George, unnecessary, but occasion a very considerable annual Ex- Hanover Square, and if the foie Power and Authority of pence to the Petitioners, for which they do not receive paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and the least Benefit; and that, if the Power and Jurisdic- other public Passages and Places, was given to the Vicar tion of the said Commissioners, which anywise relate to and Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other the Fields, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint better and more conveniently conducted, and at a much dement Danes, were abolished, and proper Powers for less Expence than at present: And therefore praying, paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, were That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting given to a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and Parish, in like Manner as was done by an Act of the under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper, last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Parish of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Saint George, Hanover Square, the Petitioners appre- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

hend the same would be better and more conveniently mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it conducted, and at a much less Expence than at present: shall appear to them, to the House:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Mr. Byng, &c.: And bring in a Bill for effecting the before-mentioned Pur- they are to meet To-morfow Morning, at Nine of the; poses, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power t the House shall think proper. fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do A Petition of the Debtors confined iri His Majesty’s Debtors examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Gaol or Prison at in and for the County of Petition*,

shall appear to them, to the House: Somerset: And also,

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: A Petition of the Debtors confined mHis Majesty’s

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of Prison of the Fleet;

Vol. 39- O o Were

Stanford

Inclosure.

Yarbrough, Ac. Small Debts.

142

4* Februarii.

A. 1783

Were severally presented to the House, andread; Complaining of their Distrefe, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Henry Aston, Esquire, and Avery

Tyrrell, Gentleman, Joint Lords of the Manor of Stans ord, in the County of Berks, and of Charles Hatt, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, containing about Two thousand Acres, and the Petitioners and several other Persons are the Owners and Proprietors of all the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands; and that the Lands of the Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the feme, as also the said Commons and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation being incapable of any considerable Improvement, the Petitioners are deftrous to have the feme divided and inclosed, which, they conceive will tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, under and subject to sech Rules, Orders, and Directions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the raid Petition: And that Mr. Ehoes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare,‘and

bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, House-holders. Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Traders, Dealers, and others, within the Wapentakes of Yar~ trough, Bradley, Haoerstow, and

and the Parish of Kirton, in the Hundred of -

ham, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Wapentakes and Parish, several Manufactures, extent! ve Branches of Trade and Bufinefe, are carried on; and that many dishonest Persons within the said Wapentakes and Parish frequently contract small Debts, and, although able, reftife to pay the same, presuming on the Dif-couragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on account of the great Delays and Expences attending the feme in the County Court, which is upwards of Thirty Miles distant from the greatest Part of the Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within the said Wapentakes; and that an ealy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Wapentakes and Parish would tend greatly to support useful Credit, encourage Trade, and promote Industry therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said Wapentakes and Parish, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the Hoafe:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

02

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Treoelyan reported from the Committee, to Dyed Way whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, ltoad* passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from " Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of " Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the " County of Somerset," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is j

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Toller being examined, said, That the said Act hath been put in Execution; lor which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued. And he added, that feme Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Garvbridge to " Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called

" Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of " SomersetAnd that Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. llolle, and Mr. Brickdalet do' prepare, and bring in, th? feme.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to Leeds Road*, whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging thfe Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, lb fef as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling, and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bawling lane and little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Villages of Bowling and Horton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Neighbourhood thereof, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Villages, and of the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report ter the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Thomas Downes, Gentleman, Lord of Staunton the Manors of Staunton upon Wye and Over Letton, £Pc°j^fu’re> i

in

v \

43 Geo. III. 4’ Februarii- 143

in the County of Hereford, and others whose Narties are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands within the said Manors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there? are within the said Manors, certain Commons, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, or Waste Grounds, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of great Use if they were divided and inclosed, and the same would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Perl'ons interested therein; and that the said Lands and Grounds, and also certain adjoining Lands and Grounds, are frequently overflowed, and it would be very advantageous to the Owners thereof if some Provision was made for better draining the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor effecting the several Purpol’es before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir CecilWratj and Mr. Howorth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cricklade The House being informed that Samuel Petrie, Ef-Election. quire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of ap undue Election and Return for the Borough of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, desires to withdraw his laid Petition;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petitioner have Leave to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Expiring Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Law*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs anj Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat ana other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Inches; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which ' they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One b^ One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Italian Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

thrown Silk, to resolve itself into a Committee Y>f the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further continuing an " Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of " fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the Iloufe will please to receive the same.

Vo l. 39.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cotton Account of the Quantity of Cotton exported from the exported. Island of Tobago, between the lft of January 1763 and the ill of January 1777; distinguKhing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Gum Senega; Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega exported from any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Africa, between thq lft of January 1750 and the lft of January i/55,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Well Florida. Copy of the Two Commissions granted to George Johnstone, Esquire, when appointed Governor of Jfejl Florida, as fejr as the same rpfpqct the Boundaries of the said Province.

The, other Order of the Qsy being read;

Thp House proceeded tq the further Hearing of Pains, &<. Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains 0,1 Rmnb.old and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baroyet, and 40,1 Femn?‘ Peter Peering, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Try ft, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were ealled in.

And the Counsel against the Bill having acquainted the House, that Major Geils, a material Witness on the Part of Sir Thomas Rumbold, was under immediate Orders for the East Indies, and might probably be obliged to leave this Country before they should have an Opportunity of examining him, they therefore desired Leave of the House, that they might be at Liberty to examine the said Witness in the present Stage of the Hearing on the Bill.

And the House having given permission accordingly;

The said Witness was called in to the Bar, and examined.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the Counsel for the Bin produced further Evidence, and examined a Witness, in Support of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That One of the Clerks of His Majesty’s Redhead’* Moll Honourable Privy Council do attend this House, Appeal, upon Thursday Morning next, with a Petition of Appeal to His Majesty in Council, from the Executors of John Redhead, deceased, against a Judgment or

Decree

Ogily,’s

Attainder*

Clerkenwell

Poor.

I44 40 — 50 Februarii. A. 1783.

Decree of the Governor and Council of Fort Saint Or That the said Petition be referred to the George at Madras, in the East Indies. Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland have shall appear to them, to the House:

Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the And it is referred to Mr. Penton, Mr. Frederick Clock. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chain-to the House, her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

A Petition of Dadd Ogiky, of Airly, Esquire. Records.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been A Petition of Joseph Loroell, Charles Hippisley Core, St. Cuthbci

humbly represented to His Majesty, His Majesty had Robert Michell, John Band, Esquires, Joseph Inclosm*-.

commanded him to acquaint this House, That His George Tusont, Miles, Gentlemen, and others,

Majesty gives His Content that the House may do was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, therein as they shall think fit. That there are certain Moors, Commons, or Waste

Then the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That Lands, called Crarmel Moor, Great Pill Moor, Little the Petitioner was unhappily (educed in the Year 1745, Pdl Moor, Frog Moor, Load, and situate iu

to join in the Rebellion at that Time raised; and was the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the afterwards, by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the County of Somerset, and also Part of Sedge Moor, Part Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, at- of Hay Moor, Part of Row otherwise Round Moor, Part tainted of High Treason, by the Name of Daoid Ogilvie, of Ro Plot, and Part of the Forest of

taking upon mmself the Title of Lord Ogilvie, whereby, also situate in the said Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in or by One or more other Act or Acts of Parliament, all Wells, containing by Estimation Five thousand and the Real and Personal Estate of the Petitioner became Fifty Acres, or thereabouts; and that it will not only be forfeited, and vetted in His Majesty; and that His Ma- of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested iefty, by Letters Patent, dated the 30th Day of March, in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the in the Eighteenth Year of His Reign, was pleased to feme were divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: pardon, remit, and release the Petitioner the High And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Treason of which he was so attainted as aforesaid; and bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Moors, that, notwithstanding His Majesty’s most gracious Pardon Commons, or Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem and Remillion, the Petitioner is advisea that he doth meet.

still lie under certain Disabilities and Incapacities occa- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, fioned by the said Attainder, which cannot be re- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that moved without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore Mr. Hippisley Core and Mr. Curtis do prepare, and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill bring in, the lame.

-for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities occa-

fioned by the Attainder of the Petitioner, and that he A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Barnard may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem within the Township of Barnard Castle, in the County Caflt. luck-meet of Durham, was read a Second Time. sure-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Clavering, Sir William Middleton, &c.: And they are the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Captain Johnstone, and to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the feme. Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5° die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Guardians or Governors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and other Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Guardians or Governors of the Poor appointed by an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the (< Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of " Middlesex," have proceeded to carry the feme into

Execution, and find that the said Act is in many Re-foefts defective, and cannot be carried into effectual Execution, lb as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Com- Cullens mon or Waste Ground called Cullerne Down, and the Inclosure. several Common Open Arable Fields, in the Parish of Cullerne, otherwise Colcrne, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common or Waste Ground, and Common Arable Fields, are at present of very little Value to the Petitioners and others interested therein, in Proportion to what they might be made if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that rurpose, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper and necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Lambeth, Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twenty- &c. Roads, fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, and for othei Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have caused the said Roads to be made, widened, and put in good Repair, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which 07 still

Lambeth Poor, See.

Lambeth Paving, &e,

23 Geo. III. Februarii. 145

still remains due, and cannot be repaid during the Term of the said ACb; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from Westminster Bridge towards Kemington Common might be rendered much more safe and commodious, if certain small Buildings, situate at Symonds's Corner, in the said PariGi of Lambeth, were taken down, and the Sites thereof, and Part of a Yard and Ground adjoining thereto, and also a small Parcel of the Ground situate on the West Side of the said Buildings in the said Road near Wa Place, in the said Parish of Lambeth, and extending North from Walcot Place for the Distance of about Two hundred Yards, and in Depth about Ten Yards, were laid into the said Road, and it would also tend to the Safety and Convenience of Foot Passengers if a proper Footpath was made over a small Parcel of the Ground from the East End of Mount Row, in the said Parish, for the Distance of Forty-eight Yards in the Front of certain Houses and Buildings in the Possession of George Oakley and Roper, and

in Depth about Three Yards at the deepest Part, and if the Wall at the said East End of Mount Row, belonging to Vaughan, was taken down, for the Purpose of making such Footpath; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless some further and other Powers are given to the Petitioners, and the Term of the said Acts enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr. Thornton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the ReClor, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is very extensive, the Poor thereof numerous, and the *Collection of the Poor and other Parochial Rates therein, attended with great Trouble and Inconvenience to the Parish Officers, who cannot sufficiently attend thereto, whereby considerable Losses arise to the Petitioners; and that, if further and other Powers than are now by Law established were granted to the Petitioners, for making and collecting the said Poor and other Rates, for regulating Weights and Measures, and for the better governing, employing, maintaining, and regulating, the Poor belonging to the said Parish, it would tend to the more effectual Belief of the Poor, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the other Parishioners of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Gilbert, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was Vol. 39.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Parish, particularly the Street leading from the Old Barge House to the Belvidere Wharf, including Morris's Causeivay and Caper's Bridge, and the Road leading from thence by the Green, Bishop's Acre, and Pedlar's Acre, to the East End of Bridge Street, Upper Marsh Street, the Road leading from thj East End of Bridge Street to the West End of Standgate Street, Church Street, and The Horse Ferry, to the North End of Fore Street, Ferry Street, High Street,

Broad Street, Paradise Row, Lambeth Butts, Princes Street, and New Street, are, for Want of being properly repaired, paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, become dangerous, and are greatly incommoded by Polls, Projections, and other Annoyances, and particularly by a Projection into the Road leading from the Green to Pedlar's Acre, by a House and Yard, known by the Name of The Guildford Barge; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, if Commissioners w’ere appointed, with proper Powers for treating with the Owner of the said House and Yard, that the same may be pulled down to widen the said Street, and likewise for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets,

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and preventing the same for the future: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Etwes,

8ic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Errington, of Sandoc, in the Hexham County of Northumberland, Esquire, was presented to Bridge,

the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, held for the County of Northumberland, on the 6th of Febru 1777, before certain Justices of the Peace for the said County, the Petitioner proposed to the Court, that he would, for the Considerations in his laid Proposals specified, undertake to build a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite to the Town of Hexham, in the said County, of the Form and Dimensions therein described, the Whole to be executed in a substantial Manner, and according to a Plan to be delivered in by Mr. Smeaton, an eminent Engineer, and that the same should be built, and the other Works carried on, under his Direction and Inspection; and that the Petitioner further proposed to complete the said Bridge, and provide all necessary Materials-for the fame, over and above all the Timber,

Stone, Iron, and other Materials whatsoever, which had been prepared and provided by and at the Expence of the said County, for the Purpose of building a Bridge a little higher up the said River, upon receiving the Sum of 5,7001, from the said County, and being allowed all the said Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials, the said Sum to be paid by Instalments at stated Times; and that, at the said Quarter Session, the Petitioner’s Agent did in his Behalf propose and undertake to make a good and sufficient Road from the North End of the said Bridge, when built, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, for the Sum of 400 /. such Road when made to be a public Road; and the Petitioner’s said Agent did also propose and undertake, that the Petitioner would enter into a Bond in the Sum of 9,100l.

P p to

146

50 Februarii.

A. 1783.

to the said County, conditioned for building, making, finishing, and completing, the said Bridge and Road on or before the 25th Day of March 1780, and for upholding and maintaining the same respectively, for the Term of Seven Years, from the Time of their being completed, which laid Propiofals were, at the said Session, accepted of and agreed to by the Justices then present, 01 Behalf of the said County; and that, in pursuance of such Proposals and Undertakings, certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 2d Day of June 1777, were entered into between Three of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County and the Petitioner, for carrying the said Proposals and Undertakings into Execution, in Manner and on the Conditions above specified; and that, in consequence of an Order made by a Court of General Quarter Session for the said County, on the 14th of January 1778, that, for the future, no Part of the County Stock should be applied in ere€ting any new Bridge as a County Bridge in that County, without an express Act of Parliament for that Purpose, Application was made, and an Act whs passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for confirming the said Agreement with the Petitioner, and carrying the same into execution, and for making Roads and Avenues to the intended Bridge; and that, by the said Act, it was declared, that the said Bridge, when finished, should be deemed a County Bridge, and be supported and maintained for ever as such, after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years; and it-was further provided and declared, that the Roads or Avenues thereto should be deemed Part of the Turn-

pike Road, and be repaired as such; and that, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and the Terms of the said Agreement, the building of the said Bridge, and performing the other Works, were carried on under the Direction and Inspection of the said Mr. Smeaton, whose Authority and Instructions were to complete the feme in the most substantial and effectual Manner, which fas accordingly done, to the entire Satisfaction of the said Justices and the County Surveyor, and the said Bridge and Road were duly certified in January 1781, to be well and sufficiently finished and made; and that, on the nth Day of March 1782, the said new Bridge was, by the Violence of a Flood, forced down and destroyed, without its having previously suffered any apparent In-juty or Decay, and a full and careful Examination being had of what were the Causes of the Accident, it appeared to be the Opinion of able and experienced Engineers, that, from the Weakness of the Stratum, or Bed of the Rvier, now discovered and proved by this ' fatal Accident, any Bridge built thereon would be liable to be thrown down by the same extraordinary rapid Floods to which this River now appears to be liable; that although it might happen that a Bridge built there might be upheld during the said Term of Seven Years, which Term must of Necessity nearly expire before any Bridge could be built, yet it would be highly inexpedient to make the Attempt, as the Accidents to which a new Bridge will be liable are the same to which the former one was exposed, and which brought on its Destruction; and that, as there are no reasonable Expectations that a new Bridge would be permanent, the rebuilding thereof would not only be a fruitless Expence to the Petitioner, but might in the Event be burthensome and injurious to the County; and that these Circumstances were submitted by the Petitioner to the Consideration of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Session held on the 17th Day of July 1782, with an Offer on the Part of the Petitioner to pay into the public Stock of the County any Sum that should be judged reasonable, if it should be required, in order tint be might be discharged from the Security he had entered into, rather than be at the

fruidels Expence of attempting to rebuild the said Bridge, the Support of which, and the probable Charge of rebuilding the fame, would fall on the County; that the Justices appeared to be sensible of the Truth of the said Representation, and of the Inexpediency of an Attempt to rebuild the said Bridge, but conceived they had no Authority to bind the County, or to act in the Cafe, and that no Relief could be had for the County or the Petitioner but by the Aid of Parliament; and that the Petitioner being Owner of an Estate near the Site of the late Bridge, the Hopes of benefiting his Property and that of others in the like Situation, together with a With to accommodate the Public, and a firm Belief which he then entertained, that (although a former Attempt to build a Bridge near the Town of Hexham had failed of Success) a good and permanent Bridge might, by additional Skill and more liberal Expence, be coo-strufted, induced him to make his said Proposals, without any Expectation or View of Profit to arise from his Undertaking and Contraft, in fulfilling which he has actually expended more than the Sum paid him as aforesaid by the County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting him such Relief, with respect to the said Articles of Agreement, as the Circumstances of his same may be found to merit and require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Middleton, Sir John Delaval, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

9

A Bill for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall Shrewfoury for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shire Hall,

in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Noel Hill, Mr. Richard Hill, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

See.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Chamamd Forest, through the Town of Whit-wick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was presented to foe House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and several large Sums of Money, borrowed for that Purpose, (till remain due, which cannot be repaid, and foe said Road kept in Repair, unless foe Term of foe said Act be extended, and several of the Powers thereby given be enlarged and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine foe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Page,

See.:

Mark field. See. Road.

2$ Geo. III. 5 ° Februarii. 147

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exeter Poor. A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assist-ants, and Guardians, of the Poor of the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, paded in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, the Petitioners were incorporated for the better maintaining of the Poor of the said City and County, with Power to raise a certain Annual Sum for that Pui |X)fe; and the Petitioners were by another Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, impowered to raise a certain Sum to discharge a then incurred Debt; and the Petitioners were like-wife by another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, impowered to raise a certain Sum for Discharge of a Debt then due, and also to raise an additional Annual Income for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and County, and by purchasing a Stock for the Employment of the Poor, by the great Increase of the Price of Provisions, and by the Expences incurred in embodying the Militia, the Petitioners have been obliged to contract a Debt of 2,700l. and upwards, which they are unable to discharge, and, for the said Cauies, are rendered quite incapable of answering the Purposes of the Acts above mentioned:

> And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to raise Money for Payment and Djlcharge of their laid Debt, and also to raise such further Sum, for the more effectual Support of the Poor of their laid City and County, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Baring, Sir Charles wick Bamtpjylde, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shrewsbury A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

Small Debts, thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of, or residing and trading in, the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Shrewsbury is large and populous, and a Place of great Trade, not only from its large Fairs and Markets, but from ‘the , many extensive Trades and Manufactures carried on in the said Town and Liberties, and its Commerce and Intercourse with North Wales (by Navigation on the River Severn) with several great Works carried on in Places adjacent; and that many of the People employed in such Trades and Manufactures contract smallT)ebts, and, although well able, refuse to pay the same> presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under to proceed for the Recovery thereof by the usual Course of Law, on account of the Delays and great Expence they are unavoidably subject to in suing for such Debts; and the Petitioners conceive, that an ealy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Town and Liberties would greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the House Lhall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 39.

And it is referred to Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Noel Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in Arkwright’* the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, was pre- Cotton fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Macblne-Petitioner, after many Years intense Study and painful Application, and after a great Variety of repeated Experiments, invented about the Year 1768, a Machine or Machines for making Cotton into Yam in a more expeditious, as well as in a very different Manner, from any Invention that had preceded it; and in the Prosecution of his Experiments expended considerable Sums of Money, and in the Year 1769 obtained a Patent for his said Invention; and that the Petitioner, conceiving that his said Invention was capable of considerable Improvements, did, after several Years further Study and Alfiduity, improve the principles of his said Invention, and, after a large additional Expence incurred therein, brought th*e same to a greater Degree of Perfection, and also invented Machines for preparing the Cotton for spinning by a much leis expensive and much more expeditious Method than had been before pursued, for which Improvements and further Invention he also obtained a Patent in the Year 1775; and that the Petitioner has, with his Partners, in consequence of the said Patents, expended the Sum of 30,000l. and upwards in Buildings and other necessary Works, in order to carry the said Manufactory into complete Execution, over and above the Labour and Expence of instructing and training up many Thousand poor Persons, of different Ages as well as Sex, in a Knowledge of the said Manufactory; and that by the Introduction of the said Machines the Cotton is prepared and made into Yam with great Facility and Expedition, and the Twist or Thread is of a superior Nature and Excellency to any that was ever before produced: hence the Manufacturer is enabled to fell in Foreign Markets; the Callicoe Business, which promises to be of the greatest Importance to this Kingdom, has been introduced, many Thousand Persons are now, who were not before, employed in this Manufactory, and earn a comfortable Maintenance, and great and essential Benefit has of consequence resulted to the Public; and that the Petitioner has, together with his Partners, in the Course of carrying on and establishing his said Manufactory, luffcred Losses to the Amount of Four or Five thousand Pounds, by the Violence of riotous and ill-disposed Persons, who have burnt and destroyed his Buildings and other Works erected for the Purpose of carrying on the said Manufactory; and representing to the House, that the Legifla-ture has, in many Infiances, granted to Persons for a considerable Number of Years beyond the Term of their Letters Patent, an exclusive Right of exercising their Inventions, which the Petitioner submits, have been of much less public Utility and Advantage than the Inventions which he has produced; and therefore be has presumed to apply to the House, trusting that the Merit and Importance of his Inventions will be proved to be of such National Concern and Advantage, as to entitle him to the Assistance and Support of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Term granted by the First Patent in the Year 1769, so as to make the same expire with the Term granted by the Patent in the Year 1775, as feme Recom pence or Satisfaction for what, he humbly conceives, he may call his public Services and Sufferings, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

Leachlad*

Canal.

Hanwell

Inclosure.

148 5" Februarii. 1783.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ihalt appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet. Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landowners, Trades-men, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester, Wills, and the adjoining Counties, was pre-iented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears from the Reports of various experienced Engineers, who have explored the Country between the Navigable Part of the River Isis and Severn, in the said County, that a Communication between those large and extensive trading Rivers, the Thames and Secern, by a Navigable Canal, is practicable; and it also appears, by Levels and correct Surveys since taken, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from and out of a Navigable Part of the River Thames and at or near Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or near Stroud, in the said County, there to join and communicate with the Stroud Canal Navigation, which passes into the River Severn, as also a Collateral Branch from or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester,

whereby the Two great Rivers will be united, and a Communication opened between the Port of London and the principal trading Towns in the Kingdom, by Means of the different Canals and Rivers communicating with the Severn, a Circumstance of infinite Advantage, as it will promote the Circulation of Trade, lower the Price of Carriage, improve the Landed Interest, be a great Relief to the Poor, tend to preserve the public Roads, and contribute every Way-to the public Welfare: And therefore praying. That Leave may by given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Branch, and also Railways and Roads of Communication to and with the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, Mr. Elzoes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles son, Devisee in Trust under the Will of Sir Charles Cope, late of Orton, in the County of , Baronet,

deceased, and likewise, by virtue of the said Will, the Testamentary Guardian of Arabella Diana and Catherine Anne Cope, the Infant Daughters and only surviving Children of the said Sir Charles Cope, who whilst living, was Lord of the Manor of, and Patron of the Refitory of Hamcell, in the County of Oxford, and of the Reverend Edward Lockwood, Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, about the Year 1768, there being divers Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lauds, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartwell, in the County of Oxford, and the said Sir Charles Cope being then Lord of the Manor of Hartwell, and seised of the perpetual Advowson,

Right of Patronage, and Presentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Hartwell aforesaid, and likewise being foiled for Life, or in Fee, or some other Estate of Inheritance, of the greatest Part of the Lands of the said Manor, did purchase to him and his Heirs,

the Estates and Interests of the several Copyholders,

Life, and Leaseholders, and other Proprietors of the Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields, and other Lands, within the said Parish, in order to the inclosing the lame; and the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish of Hartwell, were thereupon inclosed, and have ever since been held in Severalty; and that, at the Time of making such Inclosure, the Petitioner, Edward Lockwood, was Rector of the said Parish, and certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, containing 22 Acres, or thereabouts, were by Agreement amongst the Parties allotted to him, in lieu of the Glebe Lands of the said Refitor, which before consisted of One Yard Land; and it was likewise agreed with the Petitioner, Edward Lockwood, that he should receive of the said Sir Charles Cope the Annual Sum of v 146/.; which Lands so allotted, and the said Annual Sum, should be lor and in lieu of the Glebe Lands inclosed, or in the Open or Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Rights of Common, and of the Tithes arising within the said Parish, belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and that the Allotment lb made to the Rector has been enjoyed by the Petitioner, Edward Lockwood, from the Time of making the said Allotment to the present Time; but as the Consent of the Rector of the said Parish cannot be valid, effectual, and binding upon his Successors, without the Aid of Parliament, and as there may be some other Persons seised or possessed of, or otherwise entitled to, some small Parts or Shares or Interest in the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for investing the said Allotment and Stipend in the said Rector of Hanwell, and his Successors, for-and in lieu of the Glebe, Tithes, and Right of Common in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, and other Parts of the said Parish, and for extinguishing all Right of Tithes and Common belonging to the said Refitor within the said Parish, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands,

Pallures, Meadows, and Ground, in such Manner, and and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Adam and Mr. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom N.wnham to the Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- St. White’* unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants Road; in the Neighbourhood and Parishes of Newnham and Littledean, near the City of Gloucester, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Matthews informed your Committee, That the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Sevan, at Newnham, in the- County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Littledean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County, and leading to several Market Towns in the Counties of Gloucester, Monmouth, and Hereford, is very much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for travelling,

and

23 Geo. III. 50 Februa 149

and cannot be properly amended by the Laws in

being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Secern, at Ncmiham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Nezcnham and Littledcanto a Place called adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County: And that Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guise, and Sir William Codrington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Italian Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order,

liiruwn Silk, a Bill for further continuing an Afit, made in the Nineteenth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Throw n Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leed* Roads. An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several A fits of Parliament therein mentioned, lb far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Brads ord and Horton, and through Bmding and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads

called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the retiring and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Brads ord and Horton, and through Bonding and Wibsey, to Halif ax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, end desire their Concurrence.

KrprdVnta- A Petition of the Citizens of Winchester, and the tiun m Far- Inhabitants of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John in foment. the East Soke, Saint Peters Saint Swith'ui,

and Saint Michael, the Suburbs of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive it essentially necessary towards the Preservation of Public Liberty, that the Three Branches of the Legislature should maintain their several Privileges in a distinct, entire, and uninfluenced Manner; that the Petitioners think the Balance of Power, which ought ever to be kept even between these Three Branches, has been overturned, and loo much Influence thrown into the Scale of the Crown on one Hand, and the Lords on the other; and that the Petitioners are persuaded these Evils have originated from too long a Duration of Parliaments, and a very unequal Mode of Representation, both which are apparently favourable to Corruption, and notoriously productive of it; and that to remedy these Evils, the Petitioners wish to lee Parliaments of shorter Duration revived, and such a Mode of Representation as may be more equal and more conducive to the general Good established throughout the whole Kingdom; and that the Number of Citizens in the said City is Three thousand Four hundred, of whom Six hundred and Fifty at least are assessed to the Parish Rates, and actually bear Eighteen Parts in Twenty of the Burthens of all Parliamentary and Parochial Aids within the said City, and that the Inhabitants of the Suburbs are not less in Number than One thousand Five hundred, Three hundred of whom are assessed to their respective Parish Rates, futiain their Share with the Corporation and Citizens of Parliamentary Burthens within the City, and pay a far Vol. 39.

greater Part of all such Burthens than the Corporation do, yet the Two Members who represent the said ancient, large, and populous City, are elected by the Mayor and Corporation, confiding only of One hundred and Nineteen Voters, Thirty-eight whereof, and no more, being resident in the City (of whom some inhabit with their Parents, others are Lodgers, and many are not even liable to be rated at present) the Eighty-one non-resident Burgesses therefore, though nominated by and chosen under the supposed Influence of Members of the Legislature, and though mostly Strangers to the City, and altogether to its Interests, have virtually iu themselves the Power of Election, and the Citizens, in consequence, are not represented at all; deprived therefore, as the Petitioners are, of a due Share in the elective and repre-fentative Rights inherent in the Constitution of their Country, they humbly beg for a Participation of those Rights on any System which the Wisdom of the House may establish in the intended Parliamentary Reform.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller and Rose Fuller, of Lon- Bounty to don. Merchants, and Stephen Robinson and John the Garrison man, of London, Navy Agents, appointed Attornies Gibraltar, and Agents by the Right honourable George Augustus Eliott, Governor of Gibraltar, Sir Roger Curtis, .

Knight, and John Gibson, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel of the Marine Brigade at the Port of Gibraltar, to receive the Head Money and other Monies arising from the Defeat and Destruction of the Ten Spanish Battering Ships of War on the 13th of September, and the Capture of the Spanish Ship of War of 72 Guns, called The Saint Miguel, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty 3 Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That it appears by the Governor’s Certificate, directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty'’s Navy, and several Affidavits of the Spanish Prisoners, that on the Morning of the 13th of September last, when the Ten Spanish Battering Ships of War made the Attack on Gibraltar, they had on Board alive 5,240 Men, or thereabouts; and it farther appears, by the Governor’s Certificate, and several Affidavits, that the Spanish Ship of War, called The Saint Miguel, at the Time of the striking her Colours, and surrendering to the Garrison and Marine Department at Gibraltar, on the 10th of October last, had on Board alive 658 Men; and that the Petitioners having applied to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Head Money, they signifitd to them, that, the same l>eing new on which the Petitioners founded their Claim, they did not think themselves authorized to allow it, without the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, for their Justification, to whom they recommended them for such Opinion; in compliance with which the Petitioners have laid the same before them, and they have given it as their Opinion, that the Provisions respecting Head Money, in the 19th and 20th of His present Majesty, relate only to Naval Engagements, and consequently, without entering into the Consideration of any Objections which might poffifily arise respecting the Nature of the Vessels called Floating Batteries, they are of Opinion, tha£ in the present Cafe, where the Vessels taken and destroyed appear to be so taken and destroyed by the Garrison singly, or by the Garrison and Naval Department jointly, no Head Money can be demanded from the Treal’urer of the Navy: And therefore Q q praying

Captain Brere ton’s Expmces Cavite.

156 5 Februariu178

praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to grant Relief to the Claimants in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap|)ear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord Mayor

of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Captain William Brerelon, late Governor of the City and District: of Caciti, and Commander of His Majesty’s Ships Rationed at The Philhpine Islands, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been intorined of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That an Expedition having been concerted against the Spanish Settlements, in the Island of Laconia, the same was undertaken by Troops composed of His Majesty’s 79th Regiment of Foot, and Europeans and Sepoys in the Service of the East India Company, uho were transported to the Island of Laconia, in His Majesty’s Squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Cornish, assisted by fbme Ships belonging to the Company, and, on the 6th of 1762, the City of Manila was taken by Storm, and the City of Caoitk surrendered without an Attack; and that the City of Manila, on the 2d of November following, was delivered up to certain Agents authorized by the East India Company to receive the same, in conformity to the Directions given by His Majesty to General Draper, who commanded the Land Forces employed on that Expedition; and that His Majesty, anxious to preserve the said Conquest, gave Directions to His Admirals and Generals to be assisting to the Officers of the East India Company in holding Possession thereof, until His Royal Will and Pleasure should be further signified, with regard to the future Disposition of the said Conquest, which was to depend entirely and absolutely upon His Majesty, and the Company not having sent more Officers and Servants on the Expedition than were necessary to take Charge of the City of Manila, and it being judged of great Importance, that a Sea Officer should command at Cavith (where the Naval Arsenals and Storehouses

were situatej the Petitioner was appointed Governor of the City and District of CavitS, by Vice Admiral Cornish, and remained there with His Majesty's Ships and Naval Forces under his Command, until the Restoration of the Conquest to the Spaniards, by the Treaty of Peace, which the Petitioner restored in pursuance of a Warrant for that Purpose, under His Majesty’s Sian Manual; and that the Petitioner, not having the Means of embarking the Troops after the Restoration of the Conquest, he fitted up Two old Spanish Ships, and transported the Garrisons to India; and that, during the Time the Petitioner was Governor of Cavite, he incurred very considerable Expence in carrying on the Public Service, and afterwards, upon his Deprature therefrom, he was under the Necessity of going to Batavia, where he resided Six Mouths, in hopes of being able to repair His Majesty’s Ship Falmouth, of which the Petitioner was Commander, but, upon repeated Surveys held upon the said Ship, it was found utterly impracticable to repair he^j, and he was obliged to leave her there, and take hi? Passage, and those of his Servants, to Europe, in a Dutch East Indiaman, which was attended with great Expence and Inconvenience; and that the Petitioner has also incurred

very heavy Expences by the Loft of Exchange oil Money taken up for the Use of His Majesty’s Sick Seamen and Troops employed on the Expedition, and for Costs and Damages of a Suit at Law, brought against him for Matters that were indispensably necessary in carrying on His Majesty’s Service, and several other Expences were incurred by the Petitioner during the Course of his Command in The Philippine Islands; and that the Petitioner has not yet received any Cotn-pensation for his said Diflburfements, but, on the contrary; has been at a considerable Expence in prosecuting several Memorials to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, who are of Opinion he cannot be relieved but by the Justice and Wisdom of the Legislature:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and indemnify him for his said Expences and Disbursements, the detaining of which, for lo great a Length of Time, has been attended with great Injury to his private Fortune, acquired by a long and faithful Service to his King and Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Sir Adam Fer gusson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are ap- Com and pointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Grain. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn " and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, respeCiing the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the State of the Distillery, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further and final Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1782 and the 25th of March following, and from that Period to the 6th of December 1782. inclnfive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Payinafter General of His Majestys Forces, between the 9U1 of April 1782 and the 9th of November following, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will jpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered,

Geo. lit

Ordered, That the Report te received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

i .....efraft Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to rt'nu the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ponte fra ft, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Galu ay in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said 'Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

ham, in the County of B.

Y.wton, fee. A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in fluid. Execution an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Hoad from Laieton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle undet' Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other " Roads therein mentioned," was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have caused great Part of the said Roads to be repaired, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which cannot be repaid with

I Interest, nor the said Roads be effectually amended,

- unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such 1 Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ! Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Per-

ceval, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tHiaram'* A Petition of Anne Wharam, Widow, was presented PdipDt to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-

JTUP> tioner having invented an infallible Method to prevent

the Danger which often attends the hanging in the Stirrup, by Riders falling from their Horses. by which the Lives of many Persons have been preservd, His Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 23d Day of May 1769, was pleased to grant to the Petitioner an cxcliifive Right of Property in the said Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioner has, with great Attention and Pains, completed her said Invention, and has expended considerable Sums of Money to make it public; and that it is not in the Power of the Petitioner to carry her Invention into Execution, so as to make it universally known, and of general Use to the Public, nor will there be any reasonable Prospect of the Petitioner being reimbursed the Sums of Money already expended, or of obtaining a proper Return and Recompence for her Labour, Time, and Expence in the said Invention, unless the Term of the said Letters Patent be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Vol. 39.

*5*

given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term grantee! to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hartley, Mr.

Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Magistrates and Council Greenock of the Town of Greenock, was presented to the Two Penniei House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was made Scots* in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

" for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth " Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale " and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought " into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Greenock,

" and Baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock and " Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of

" Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said " Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and that the Magistrates and Council of the said Town have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and madefundry Repairs and Improvements on the Harbour, and for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Town; but the said Works cannot be completed, or kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the above-mentioned Act, which expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament, be further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for continuing the Term and Powers of the above-mentioned Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for such further Time as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ftialL appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Cunynghame, Mr.

Stexcart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land- \yj|jen perTy owners, Tradesmen, and other Persons, residing in the Navigation, several Counties of Stafford, Derby, , Notting-

ham, and Lincoln, and interested in the Navigation of, the River Trent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Navigation of the said River is greatly ob--strufted by Shoals and other Impediments; and that it

j.* — 6° Februarii,

jc2 6° Februant. A. 17S3.

is proposed to improve-lhe -ftid Navigation, from a Place formerly called Wilden Ferny, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, in the County of Lincoln, so as always to have a proper Depth of Water, that the Navigation on the said River may not be impeded in the dryeft Seafens; and that, at present, Boats and Vessels navigating upon the said River are haled by Men, but, if Power was given to hale them with Horses, the Navigation on the said River would be attended with greater Expedition and Convenience, and be carried on at less Expence; and that the Attainment of those Objects would complete the Communication with the Port of Hull, and tend greatly to the Encouragement and Increase of Trade and Commerce carried on in tire Neighbourhood of the said River, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Pur-

Eofes, under such Regulations and Provisions as to the louse thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. ftfellish, Mr. Eltces, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

PontefraA A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, JJurgeffes, and Street. Inhabitants of the Borough or Town of Pontefract, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Stream of Water is brought into the said Town, by Means of Pipes, for the Use of the Inhabitants, which may be regulated so as to he much more useful and beneficial to them, and an additional Supply may be also brought in from certain Springs in the Neighbourhood, which would greatly increase the Benefit to the said Inhabitants; and that it would render the said Town, and also the Village of Tanshelf, which adjoins thereto, much more agreeable and commodious, if the same w'ere properly paved, lighted, and cleansed; and that there is a Charity School in the said Town, founded and endowed by various Subscriptions and Donations, and to which appertain divers Closes and Parcels of Landed Property, but the same is at present under no legal Regulation whatsoever, and the Inhabitants are desirous of putting the same under proper Regulations; and that there are also in the said Town and Village several Hospitals, and other charitable Institutions, which want better Regulation and Improvement in their several Foundations, Establishments and Revenues; and that qn Act of Parliament lately passed for an Inclosure and Division of a certaiq District of Ground called Pontefract Park, by virtue whereof a Pasture has been set out for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Village, and made Parcel of the said Town, and in the said Act are contained several Regulations for the Management of the said Pasture, but the same have been found by Experience to be defective, and to require Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrifilions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mettish Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within Forehoe Poor, the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Notfolk, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundred, whereby the Petitioner? are authorized to purchase Ground, and erect certain Buildings thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the said Poor; and also to borrow Money at Interest for defraying the Expence of purchasing such Ground, and of erecting and furnishing the said Buildings, and also to make Rates or Assessments upon the several Parishes,

Hamlets, and Places, within the said Hundred, for railing Money for discharging the Interest of the principal Sum to be borrowed as aforesaid, and for defraying the Expences attending the Management, Support, and Maintenance, of the said Poor, and likewise for paying off the Principal Money authorized to be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, but the said Hates or Assessmenta are never to exceed in any one Year the Sum that had been annually rated, alfefied, or expended, for the Relief of the Poor within such Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, upon an Average of Seven Years, to be reckoned from Easter 1767; and that, in pursuance of the Powers granted to the Petitioners by the said Act, they have purchased Ground, and erected proper and commodious Buildings thereon, for the reception and Employment of the said Poor, and have also borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit and Security of the said Grounds and Buildings, and of the Rates or Assessments authorized to be made by them as aforesaid, which {till remains due; and the Petitioners find, that the Produce of the Rates or Assessments they are authorized to make, is insufficient to enable them to carry the said Act into Execution, and, unless they are authorized to raise some further Sums of Money, over and above the Produce of the said Rates or Afi’efimeots, the Principal Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, cannot be paid oftj and the Poor within the said Hundred supported and maintained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, by such W ays and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Astley, Sir Har-bord Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are hooss Inrio-thereunto subscribed, on Be! alf of themselves and fine, others, Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township and Parish of Rooss, in Holdet'ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Townlliip and Pavilh, several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole Fifteen hundred and Twenty Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners and others interested therein, it would be a great Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-

02 closing

St. James

(SVeftiinnfter)

Paving.

it. Martins n the Fields Paving.

23 Geo. III. 6° FebrUariu 153

doling the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Mellish, and Sir Cecil JVray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of Bury Street, Charles Street, Panton Square, Arundel Street, Tyler Street, Vine Street, Little Saint James's Street, and Thatched House Court, within the Parish of Saint James, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and also of those Parts of Coventry Street and Princes Street, as lie within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Power and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City and Liberty of Westminster, so far as they in any wise relate to the said Parish of Saint James, and for giving proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, to the Vestry and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof; and representing to the House, that the several Streets and Places inhabited by the Petitioners, were paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; ever since which the Petitioners and the red of the Inhabitants have been at a very great Expence in paving, and keeping in Repair, cleansing, and lighting the fame; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places, might be more conveniently done, and at a much more moderate Expence than at present, if the Direction and Management thereof were given to the said Vestry and Committee, in like manner as is intended to be done with respect to the other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint James: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for putting the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places under the Direction and Management of the Vestry and a Committee of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in like Manner as is intended to be done with respect to the other Streets and Places therein, or in such other Manner as the House shall judge most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several principal Inhabitants of

Northumberland Street, the several Streets and other Places in York Buildings, the several Streets and other Places in The Adcljdii, Salisbury Street, Little Russell Street, Nexv Street, Great Suffolk Street, Panton Street, Hungerford Street, and also all those Parts of Street, Little Saint Martins Lane, Drury Lane, Cecil Street, and Chandos Street, as lie in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the Vol. 39.

present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for veiling the same in the Vicar and Vestrymen of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the several Streets and Places wherein the Petitioners inhabit, were paved under the Direction of the Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; ever since which, the Petitioners and the rell of the Inhabitants of the said Optional Streets, and other Places, have been at a very great Expence in paving and repairing the fame; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places might be more conveniently done, and at a much more moderate Expence than at present, if the Direction and Management thereof were vested in the said Vicar and Vestrymen, in like Manner as is intended to be done with respect to the other Streets and Places within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for taking the Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places out of the Hands of the said Commissioners, and for veiling the same in the Vicar and Veltrymeu of the said Parish of Saint Martin the Fields.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of

Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Chandos Street, Bedford Street, King Street, Part of Rose Street and New Street, Tavistock Coui't, James Street, Part of Great and Little Hart Streets, Russell Street, Bridges Street,

York Street, Tavistock Street, Southampton Street, Henrietta Street, and Covent Garden, in the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, out of the Hands

of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places within the said City and Liberty, and vesting the same in the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of the said Parish; and repre-fenting to the House, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets and other Places above-mentioned, were put under the Direction of the said Commissioners by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, Squares, and other Places within the said City and Liberty; and a very considera-b!e Debt hath been incurred by them in paving the fame, which now ltands charged upon the El'tates of the Petitioners within the Streets and other Places above-mentioned; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Optional Streets and other Places above-mentioned might be more

R r conveniently

154 6 Februarii. A, 1783.

conveniently done, and at a much more moderate Expence than at present, if die Direction and Management thereof were taken from the said Commissioners, and vested in the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for taking the Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places out of the Hands of the said Commissioners, and for veiling the same in the said Re£tor, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Cement Garden, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

St. Anne's A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of Ger-

(Westminster) rarj Street, Greek Street, Dean Street, Frith Street,

*V1D8- Macclesfield, and Naffaw Street, all in the Parish of Saint Arme, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and of those Parts of Princes Street, and Little Saint Martin's Lane, which are in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Rest or, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, bath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish of Saint Anne, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for vesting the same in a certain Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the several Streets and Places above-mentioned have been paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty; and that the said Commissioners have borrowed the Sum of £. 7,800 to defray the Expence thereof, and upwards of £. 7,000, Part thereof, still remains unpaid, and now stands charged upon the Estates of the Petitioners within the said Optional Streets and Places; and the Petitioners are at a very great annual Expence in keeping the said Streets and Places in Repair, and are at present rated from One Shilling and Six Pence to Three Shillings in the Pound; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Optional Streets and Places above-mentioned might be more conveniently done, and at a much more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Direction and Management thereof were vested in a certain Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the intended Bill, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places, in such and the like Manner as the several other Streets and Places within the said Parish are intended to be paved, cleansed, and lighted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Occupiers of Houses in those Parts of the Streets called Holborn and Drury Lane, which lie

e

in the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint st. Giles is George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, was the Fields, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That St-the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition of airomibury the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses, and other Build- Paving, ings, in the said Parishes, hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of -minster, and Parts adjacent, in which the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, are included, and for vesting the feme in the Vestrymen of the said Parishes; and representing to the House, that the said Streets were paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty; and the said Commissioners have borrowed upon the said Street called Holborn the Sum of 10,800l. and upon the Street called Drury Lane the Sum of 2,400l. which now remain unpaid; and that the Petitioners are at a very great annual Expence in keeping the said Streets in Repair, and in lighting and cleansing the fame, and are at present rated in Holborn at Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound, and in Drury Lane at Two Shillings in the Pound; and that the Petitioners apprehend the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parts of the said Streets might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Direction and Management thereof were vested in the Vestrymen of the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parts of the said Optional Streets under the Direction and Management of the said Vestrymen, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses and other Buildings in the United Parishes of Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of Arun- St. Clement dell Street, Norfolk Street, Surrey Street, Howard Street, Danes Butcher Row, Part of Clements Lane, Blackmore Street, l>aving' Clare Street, Holyrcell Street, Vere Street, and Peter Street, or Denzel Street, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, in the County of Middlesex, as within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and also, of those Parts of Stanhope Street, Wyche Street, Cedi Street, and Druty Lane, as lie within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings in the said Parish hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Power and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, so far as they in anywise relate to the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and for giving proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, to a certain Number of

Inhabitants

23 Geo. III. 6 Februarii 15,5

Inhabitants of the said Parish; and, represen ting to the House, that the several Streets and Places inhabited by the Petitioners were paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners by virtue of a Clause) called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; ever since which, the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Optional Streets and Places, have been at a very great Expence in paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places might be more conveniently done; and at a much more moderate Expence than at present, if the Direction and Management thereof were given to a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for putting the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Optional Streets and Places under the Direction and Management of a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, in like Manner as is intended to be done with respect to the other Streets and Places within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, in the County of Middlesex, as within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

i.ockton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, certain Open Fields and Commons, Moors, or Parcels of Waste Ground, known by the Names of The Team Fields and Commons of Lockton, containing upwards of Two thousand Acres, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement} but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Proprietors of Land in the said Township, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, and all or certain Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Parcels of Waste Ground, for making Compensations for the Tythes of the said Township of Lockton, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feeiu meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. Weddell, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Stafford to Mr. Noel Hill presented to the House, according to Sandon Road. Qr{]er> a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cleobury Mr. Noel Hill presented to the House, according to

Mortimer, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

&c. oads. an(j enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Vol. 39.

Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, and the

Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several IJersons, whose Names are Rowdford thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the several Towns Road, of Devizes and Chippenham, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Devizes to Chippenham aforesaid is a public Road, much frequented by Travellers, and a Part thereof has been already repaired by Means of several Acts of Parliament obtained for that Purpose, but such Part, thereof as lies between Rorwdford and the Top of Red-hill, in the said County, is ruinous and unlafe for Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair the said Road leading from Rowdford to the Top of Redhill aforesaid, and for such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddock,

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders, or Persons Boilftone seised of Freehold Estates, lying within the Manor Inclosure. or Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby, and others, Proprietors of, or Persons entitled to, Common of Pasture upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Parish of Boilstone aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons having Right of Common upon the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof assigned to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Wilden Ferry Paget, Baron of Beaudhert in the County of Stafford, to Bu;_l,oa Owner and Proprietor of the Navigation of the River ^vi-'a'uon. Trent, from Wilden Feny in the Counties of Derby' and Leicester, or one of them, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of Isaac Hankins, Sampson Lloyd, Nehemiah Lloyd, Charles Lloyd, Joseph Wilkes, Thomas Wilkes,

John Simmonds, Abraham Hoskins, Henry Evans, John Wyatt, Thomas Wyatt, John England, Richard Dear-man, and Sampson Freeth, Lessees of the said Navigation, and of the Gentleman, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented

156 6° Februarii. 1783.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Farms in the Parishes of and , in

the Navigation of the said River is much impeded, the County of , in which Estates there are va-

many Delays and Disappointments in Trade are oc- rious Mines and Veins oflronftone, and a Vein of the caiioned, great Expences incurred, and heavy Da- Species of Coal which is found suitable to the smelt-mages sustained, for Want of a Towing Path along ing of such Ironstone; and that the Petitioner and the Side of the said River, in order to hale their Vef- his Family, as well as the Public, would derive great fels with Horses; and that the Petitioners, the Lessees Advantages by the getting and working such Iron-of the said Navigation, are desirous to have those stone, and several Persons of Fortune in the Iron Grievances redressed, and are willing to make a Com- Trade are willing to undertake to erect on the said pensation to the several Proprietors and Occupiers of Estate the necessary Houses and Furnaces for smelt-Lands along the Banks of the said River for as much ing and working the fame, and to purchase of the Pe-Ground as will be necessary for the Purposes afore- titioner large Quantities of such Ironstone, and also laid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be of Coals, if they can be allured of the Possession of given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Works, and of a sufficient Quantity of Iron-a Towing Path or Paths along the Banks of the said Hone and Coals, for a Term of Thirty-five Years, River, from the aforesaid Place called Wilden Ferry which Term the Petitioner is willing to grant them, to the said Town of Burton upon Trent, sufficient for but he hath not a Power by his Marriage Settlement the Use of One or more Horse or Horses, in such Man- to grant such Lease and Powers: And therefore pray-ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall ing the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, seem meet. and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the enable the Petitioner, with the Concurrence of the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Ord,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trent and A Petition of the several Proprietors of the Navi-

v.erfy, gation from The Trent to The Mersey, whole Names

avigd ion. are thereunt0 subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners, with others therein named, were united into a Company, and thereby, and by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were enabled to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, which they have feme Time since fmished; and, by another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the said Company were enabled to make a Navigable Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to and

a Railway from thence to or near in the said

County, which they have allb finished; and that the said Acts require feme Alterations and Amendments, particularly with respect to the Termination of the Canal at Froghall, and the Railway from Froghall to Caldon; and feme other Powers and Provisions are wanting, for the well conducting, ordering, and regulating the Affairs and Concerns of tire said Navigation and Undertakings: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Acts, and for giving further Power to the said Company, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-strictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Sir Mr

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cieile) ’» A Petition of NigelBmcyer Grejley, of in

Wanes. the County of Derby, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of the Petitioner’s Marriage Settlement, he is seised as Tenant for Life, with Remainder to his first and other Sons, Remainder to himself in Fee, of divers Messuages and

Trullees in his Marriage Settlement, to make the necessary Leases and Contrafts for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir John IVrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Newton, Esquire, Lord of the King's Brom-Manor of King’s Bromley, in the County of Stafford, ley Inclosure. and of several other Persons having Right of Common or other Interest in certain Waste Lands, Common Fields, or Meadows, within or belonging to the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Waste Lands called Bromley Common, Alrewas Hay, and other Waste Lands belonging to the said Manor, and the Com-

o n '

mon Fields and Meadows therein, to have the same inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir John IVrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Pitt, of Boconnock, in the Pitt’s Grant County of Cornwall, Esquire, being offered to be pre- of at fcnted to the House; Peteriham.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent bearing date the 2Jd Day of March, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did detnife, grant, and to farm let, unto William Lord Harrington, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground situate in or near the Parish of Petersham, and formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, therein particularly described by Abutments, and containing in the Whole 24 Acres and 3 Roods, and also a small Piece of Land at the South West Corner of the said Piece of Land lait-mentioned, containing 274 Feet in Length, and 17 in Breadth, together with a Right to the Water arising from Four Springs within the said Park, as is

therein

33 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

>>57

therein mentioned, with all usual and accustomed Ways, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land belonging or appertaining, which said Premises were Parcel of his said Majesty *s Possessions in the said County of Surrey (except, and always re-servedout of the said Grant, all Timber and other Trees then standing or growing, or which thereafter should stand or grow, on the Premises, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, found, or to be found, in the said Premises, or any Part thereof) to hold the said Two Pieces of Land, with their Appurtenances (except as before excepted) to the said William Lord Harrington, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One-and-thirty Years from the Date of the said Letters Patent, at the Yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings; and that His present Majesty, by Letters Patent bearing Date the 2 2d Day of February, in the Fifth Year of His Reign, did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, demise, lease, and to farm let, unto William Earl of Harrington, Son of the said William Lord Harrington, all the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground by the said last-recited Letters Patent demised (except as in the said last-recited Letters Patent is excepted, and also except all that Pleasure House situate on the Summit of Richmond Hill, which was erected and built

by the then late Earl of Harrington, and the Ground thereto belongirg and held therewith) to hold to the said William Earl of Harrington, for the Term of Twenty-eight Years and an Half, from the 2d Day of April 1760, under an Annual Rent of 2/. 10 j.; and that, upon the Decease of the said William, the lall Earl of Harrington, Charles the present Earl of Harrington, his Son, who was entitled to the said demised Premises for the unexpired Remainder of the said Term, applied for and obtained like Letters Patent from His present Majesty, bearing Date the 18th Day of No-v ember, in the Twenty-first Year of His Reign, demif-ing the said Premises to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Considerations therein mentioned, for a reversionary Term of Sixteen Years and an Half, commencing from the 2d Day of 1794, under an Annual Rent of 2/. 10&; and that the Summer House, excepted in the Two last-recited Letters Patent, has been long since removed and taken away; and that the Petitioner has purchased from the said Charles Earl of Hairington the capital Messuage called Petersham Lodge, with the Buildings, Ground, and Land, thereunto belonging, among which are the Premises so demised as aforesaid; and that the other Part of the Premises so purchased by the Petitioner, being an Estate of Inheritance, and he being desirous of purchasing the Inheritance of the said Ground and Premises lo demised by the First-recited Letters Patent to the said William Lord Harrington, with the Trees growing or to grow thereon, and allb the said Rent of Fifty Shillings so reserved and made payable by the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner hath made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He would be graciously plealed to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament, to enable His Majesty to grant him such Inheritance: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant him the Inheritance of the Premises, in Oonli-deration of such Fine and Fee-Farm Rent as shall be adjudged by the proper Officers of the Crown to be a full and valuable Consideration for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Yol. 39.

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Mence, of Moorfields, Glove Mence’s Dyer, being offered to be presented to the House; Lodes by the

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Riotsinl780* Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner being a Papist, became one of the Objects of the Outrages committed in the Month of June 1780, in and about the Metropolis, and his Loss amounting to more than 100l. he could derive no Benefit from the Vote which passed this House in the last Session of Parliament, for reimbursing such Sufferers by the said Riots whose Lois or Damage amounted to 100l. or less; and that the Petitioner’s same is lb circumstanced, that as to the chief Part of his Loss, the Statute of the First of George the First, called The Riot Act, affords him no Relief, for the Petitioner being out of Town when the Rioters sent a Message that they intended to pay him a Visit, his Servants thought it prudent to, and did, remove the chief of his Effects, amounting to 160 /. to the House of a Neighbour for greater Safety; and that on the 7th. of June the Rioters performed their Promise, in afiem-bling at, and beginning to pull down, his House, but being informed by some of the Bystanders of such previous Removal, they instantly repaired to the Place where they were deposited, carried them to a Fire, and there completely destroyed them; and that the Petitioner brought his Action in the Court of Common Pleas, with Intention to recover his whole Loss, but the Judge who tried the Cause was of Opinion, that the Goods being removed off the Premises previous to the Riot, and no Felony committed at the House where they were deposited, by " pulling down or demolishing,

" or beginning to pull down or demolish," as described in the above Act, lie certainly could not recover for those Goods, and the Jury thereforeonly found a Verdict for the Damages done to the Petitioner’s own House; and that the Petitioner having thus suffered by a public Calamity, his Servants having endeavoured to prevent the Mischief as much as lay in their Power, by previously removing the Goods oft’ the Premises, and the Petitioner having in vain uled his utmost Efforts to recover a Recom pence by Law, and not being in Circumstances to afford such a Loss, therefore prays the House to grant him the like Reconipence as was granted to the Sufferers whose Loss or Damage amouhted to 1001, or less, or such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of George Sharrow, and Company, of shanWs Dundalk, in the County of Lawth, and Kingdom of Procefe for Ireland, Linen Manufacturers, being offered to be pre- drcfling fented to the House; Backlngs’

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, after much Study and Application, and at a great Expence, have invented a Ample and easy Process for dressing Backings or Hirds, being the common Refuse of Tow, drelied from Flax, so as to answer the same End in several Manufactures as Cotton, particularly in the

S f Manufacture

6* Februarii. A. 1783,

Manufacture of Checks, Stripes, and low-priced Fustians; and also for Candle Wick and Lamps, where real Cotton is used; and the same has met the Approbation of several eminent Manufacturers who have uied it; and that the said Backings and Hirds, when manufactured fe as to referable Cotton, will come at lets than Half the Price of real Cotton when it is at its usual Value; and that the Petitioners apprehend if their Method of dressing the said Backings or Hirds was to be made public, it would be the Means of a great Saving in the Imports of a foreign Article of Commerce, and would be of important Advantage to the Cotton and Linen Manufactories of this Kingdom, and render an Article useful, which at present is of little Value; and that the Petitioners, in order to procure to the Public every possible Benefit that may be derived from their laid Discovery and Invention, are willing to dif-close the Whole of their Method of dressing Backings and Hirds, so that the same may become of general Use in the Cotton Manufactories, upon receiving such Satisfaction, for their Labour and Application, and the Expence they have incurred in prosecuting their Experiments, as the House shall judge adequate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief and Encouragement as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Margaret, A Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by an /tc.* - v -Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year

Paving/*1^ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting u feme of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places in, the " Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded " from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made 4< relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, " Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and " liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for " preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the M feme; and for making an Opening from Orchard " Street, and widening feme Part oi Wood Street, and " of Little Peter Street? being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in purseance of the Powers vested in them by the above Act, have proceeded with all possible Diligence to carry the Intent of the feme into Execution, by repairing fe much of the Pavement within the said Parishes as the Money borrowed by virtue of a Power given by the said Act (except the Sum of 100l. not yet raised, though a Debt is contrafted equal to the feme) would enable them to do; and that, in consequence of Orders annually made by the House of Peers, and this House, no Carts Waggons, Drays, or other such Carriages are permitted to pals through Old Palace Yard during the Sitting of

either House of Parliament; and that there ore a great many Wharfs, Warehouses, Brewhouses, Sugarhouses, and Manufactories, situate to the South of Old Palace Yard, through which is the usual and direct Way to the feme from all Parts of the Metropolis; and that, by reafen of the above-mentioned Orders, a very great Number of Carriages, with heavy Ladings, are cotn-r pelled to go a considerable Space round, and through the Streets and other Places, called the Little Almonry, Greed Almonry, New Way, Part of Orchard Street, Saint Anne's Lane, Part of Peter Street and Wood Street, within the said united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John; the Pavement of which is thereby, und from the Narrowness of almost the whole Tract, become so very ruinous as to be injurious to Carriages and their Tackle, and dangerous to the Cattle drawing the fame, several of which are frequently killed or maimed thereby; and that another Cause of the Pavement in the above enumerated Streets and Places having gone fe totally to Ruin is, that betides the great Wear thereof during the Sitting of Parliament for several Years pall, the Houses therein have been annually diminishing in Rent, and much the greater Part thereof are now fb far gone to Decay, as either to be entirely uninhabitable, or let to Tenants fe poor as not to be the Objects of any Taxation whatever; and that the Streets and Places comprehended in the Petitioners Act being excluded by the General Acts for paving the City ana Liberty of Westminster, from the Provisions thereof they did not receive the least Assistance, or derive the smallest Advantage from the Sum of 12,0001, which was

fiven towards the paring of Westminster, out of the urplufles of the Orphan’s Fund in London; but such Portion thereof as was allotted to the said united Parishes was entirely expended in repairing the Pavements of Parliament Street, the Bridge Streets, George Street, and others of the bell inhabited and highest rented Streets within the same, notwithstanding the Inabitaots of the Streets included in the Petitioners Act, together with the Persons concerned in the Wharfs, Warehouses, Brewhouses, Sugarhouses, and other Manufactories afore* feid, and those whose Cattle and Carriages are injured by the Badness of the Pavements, considerably contribute to the Duty on Coals, from which the Monies so granted arise; and that several Inhabitants of the Streets enumerated in the Petitioners Act, and the rest of the Inhabitants of Saint John the Evangelist, desirous to contribute as far as their Abilities would enable them,

to the Safety and Accommodation of the Public, applied, in the last Session of Parliament, for Powers to repair their Streets, when, and as well as their present distressed Circumstances would permit them to do; and having obtained an Act for that Purpose, the Petitioners were appointed Commissioners to put the same in Execution, but the Pavement in the said Tract, through ffie Streets called The Almonries, New Way, Orchard Street, Saint Anne's Peter , and Wood Street, is as bad, and in many Parts so broken up and destroyed, as to require entire new Paving, the Expence of which is much too great for the Parish to bear, and the Inhabitants of the said Streets

and Places are totally incapable of railing a Sum sufficient for that Purpose amongst themselves; and that, upon a Survey of the Pavement of the before described Streets being taken, it appears upon the most moderate Calculation, that the amending of the feme will amount to the Sum of 1,500 And therefore-the Petitioners entreat the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and presume to hope, as the ruinous and dangerous Situations of the Pavements in the before described Streets and Places are in a great Degree occafipned by the Orders annually made *» and

Ear! of

Pembroke's

Elates,

3 Geq, III.

6° Februa

*59

and enforced for the Accommodation of the Houses of Lords and Commons (which Orders they allow are of most efleutiftl Convenience to the Accommodation of the Members of both Houses, and without which the Approaches to the Houses would be dangerous and troublesome) that the House will grant such Aid towards putting the said Pavements into good and sufficient Repair, as to them flaall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir C Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they thall think fit.

Then the said Person was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, as Heir Male of William First Earl of Pembroke, being Tenant in Tail, with divers Remainders over, of the Hundred of Kyn~ zpardston, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also of certain Arable, Pasture, and Woodlands, called The Broyle, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Great Beduyn, in the said County of Wilts, and of certain other Meadow, or Paliure, or Woodlands, called Southgnroe, in the Parish of Burbage, in the said County of Wilts, by virtue of certain Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the 7th Day of May, in die Sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, did, in or about the Month of February 1782, in Consideration of the Sum of 8,750 /. agree to convey the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the same to Thomas Bruce Earl of Ailesbury, and his Heirs; and that a Doubt having arisen upon the Petitioner’s being capable of making an effectual Conveyance of the Premises to the feud Earl of Ailesbury, according to such Agreement, it was found, upon examining the Petitioner’s Title, that the Reversion in Fee expedant on the said Intail and Remainders over was in the Crown, and that the Petitioner could not, by suffering a Recovery, make a Title to the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, without His Majesty’s Consent for an Act to be passed in Parliament lor divesting the Crown of such Reversion; and that the said Lands and Premises, by Reason of their Contiguity to, and Intermixture with, the Estates of the said Earl of Ailesbury, are a very deferable Purchase, and the Petitioner, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the Earl of Ailesbury, is desirous that the said Agreement may be carried into Execution; and that there are several Persons now living, besides the Petitioner, who are entitled in Remainder, as Heirs Male of the Body of the said William First Earl of Pembroke, the Grantee in the said Letters Patent, viz. George Lord Herbert, Henry Lord Porchester, the Honourable Henry George Herbert, Charles William

Herbert, George Herbert, and Percy Herbert, Sons of the said Henry Lord Porchester, Charles Herbert, and Robert Caroline Herbert, Brothers of the said Henry Lord Porchester; therefore there is little Probability of any Advantage accruing to the Crown by Failure of Issue Male of the Body of the said William First Earl of Pembroke: And therefore praying, That Leave may Vox. 39.

be given to bring in a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion of the said Premises, and vesting the same in feme Person or Persons who may be barred thereof, to the End that the Petitioner may be enabled to perform his Agreement with the fetid Thomas Bruce Earl of Ailesbury.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the said Petition.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of Newgat* the City of London attended at the Door; they Gaol-were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord. Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled,

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Gaol of Newgate, having been in great Measure burnt and demolished during the Riots and Insurrections in the Month of June 1780, the Petitioners found them-felve3 under a Necessity of applying to the House, in the Two last Sessions, for the Assistance of Parliament towards repairing and rebuilding the fame, and, in consequence of such Applications, the Sum of 20,000l. hath been granted to the Petitioners; and that the said Gaol, being under the immediate Care and Direction of the Petitioners, they have proceeded with all possible Dispatch to lay out the Money so granted, in fitting up and providing different Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners, whereby the Middle Quadrangle (which is now occupied as a Prison for Felons) with the Chapel and Lodge, is finished; the North, or Debtors Quadrangle, is also very nearly finished, and will be fit to receive Prisoners on or before Lady Day next; a spacious Infirmary is built and finished, the Cells for the condemned Prisoners substantially repaired and improved, and a defective Part thereof rebuilt, the Press Yard paved, and the Passage for conveying the Prisoners to the Sessions House arched over, in order to prevent Escapes; and that, in the Prosecution of this Business, the Petitioners have expended the Sum of 18,105/. 10 s. 9 (including the Sum of 1,428/. os. 5 for Fees and incidental Charges) and the Sum of 1,947/. 135. 2 is due for finishing Works contrafted for, and nearly completed, making together 20,053 £ 3 * and

that, by an Estimate delivered to the Petitioners, of the Works necessary for restoring the South Quadrangle, rebuilding the Keeper’s House, and making a covered Way at the Entrance of the Sessions House, for the Convenience of the Judges and Magistrates whose Attendance is required, it appears that the further Sum of 9,460/. 3 s. 3 d.will be wanted, which being added to the said Sum of 20,053 /. 3 lid. makes in the Whole (Fees and incidental Charges included) the Sum of 29,513/. 71. 2d.; and that, out of the Monies already granted by Parliament, there is a Balance of 1,894/. 9 s. 3 d.now remaining in the Chamber of

London, and which with the further Sum of 9,513/- 7 2d. will be necessary to defray the Charges of completing all the Works agreeable to the said Estimate; but that, in order to provide for every contingent Expence which may unavoidably be incurred in unforeleen Articles attending the Execution of the Works, the Petitioners are advised, that the Sum of 10,000l. will be fully sufficient for the proper finiflting and effectual Completion of the whole Plan; and that every Attention bath been given to reduce the Expence of the several

Works,

Bishop's

Maidstone

Geneva.

i 6o 6C Februarii. 1783.

Works, so far as the fume were confident with the since used his utmost Skill and Diligence to discover Strength and Security of the Prison; and that the said some Mode of Working, by which he might make Spi-Gaol is not only the Gaol for the City of London rits as good as those he used to do, conformably to the and County of Middlefe.r, but is in reality the Gaol Provisions and Restrictions of the said Act, but with-of the whole Kingdom, in respect to Smugglers, State out Success; and that the Petitioner hopes, if some Prisoners, Pirates, and Debtors to the Crown; and Relief was to be granted him, respecting the Method that the speedy Completion of the Works remaining to of chaining and collecting the Excise Duty on the Spirit be done is necessary for the Safety and Convenience of he manufactures, he might be enabled to carry on his the Public, and the Petitioners have no Fund appli- Trade as well as he did before the passing of the said cable to that Service: And therefore praying the House, Act, by which the Revenue would be very materially to give them such further Aid and Assistance as to the' benefited, and the smuggling of Holland's Geneva into House shall seem meet. this Country in some Degree prevented: And therefore

And a Motion being made, That the said Petition praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And tion, and grant him such Relief as the singular Hardship that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report of his Cede may be found to merit, and as to the House the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; shall seem meet and reasonable.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Orde> That the said Petition do lie upon the Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, Table, having been informed of the Contents of the said

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the A Petition of Benjamin Lacam, foie Proprietor of Lacam's House. New Harbour, in , being offered to bepresented New Harbour

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the House; "

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, appear to them, to the House. having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet To- House.

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- Setting forth, That the Dangers, Difficulties, and In-pers, and Records. conveniences which attend the Navigation of the River

Hooghly, through the old and accustomed Channel, are A Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the so great, as to prevent His Majesty’s Line of Battle

Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, was presented to the Ships, stationed in the East Indies, from entering the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by said River, either for the Protection of the British Ac-many Years Residence in Holland, and great Attention quisitions in that Country, or to refit and accommodate to the Method of making Spirits there, which are known the said Ships during the Change of the Monsoon in the by the Name of Geneva, made himself Mailer of the Bay of Bengal: and that the Petitioner did, in the Art and Mystery of preparing the fame; and that the Month of June 1770, examine a new Track, called Spirit so manufactured in The United Provinces, w as Channel Creek, or the Baratulla River, and finding the always allowed to be far superior in Quality to the great Depth of Water in this Navigadon to be an Ob-same Kind of Spirit made in any other Country, until ject of Consequence to the Public, he continued from the Petitioner, after repeated Experiments, and a very Time to Time to survey and explore the said Channel; great Expence in providing and constructing the necef- and, in the Year 1775, became confident, from long fary Buildings and Implements, established his said Experience, that the largest ships in his Majesty’s Navy Manufactory at Maidstone, where he has, till lately, might pass with great Safety through this new Naviga-made Spirits fully equal in Flavour, Strength, and Pu- tion, and that dry Docks for their Reception might be rity, to the bell made in Foreign Countries, insomuch made at a Place called New Harbour; it also appeared, that it is very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish that the Impediments and Losses which occur to the the same from the bell Holland's Geneva; and that, East India Company, and others trading to the Port of in onler to make the Spirit he manufactures, the Nature Bengal, might be prevented, by bringing the said Navi- , of his Procefe requires a much larger Proportion of gation into general Use; and that the Petitioner at this Walh to a given Quantity of Geneva, than by a lately Time held Offices on the Fortifications at Fort William, made Law is permitted; for which Reason the Petitioner in which Station he had served the East India Company applied to the House in the last Session of Parliament, for Thirteen Years, but the Object now before him to be exempted from the Provision of an Act, intituled, claimed so much of his Attention, as a Matter of great " An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Cho.- Magnitude, and having suffered from the Nature of his " colate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Employments in the Company’s Service, he resigned '* inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the said Offices: and that the Petitioner having received " the better and more effectual securing the Revenue w ritten Assurances from the Governor General and " of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Ma- Council, of their Support in the further Prosecution of " nagement of the Commissioners of Excise, and for the Harbour, devoted the whole of his Time and For preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual tune to that Work, and in June 1776 the Governor " and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made General and Council, consisting of Warren Hastings,

" to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on John Clavering, George Monson, Richard " Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made and Philip Fraticis, Esquires, did unanimously make " in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to and execute, for and in the Name of the United " the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty Company of Merchants of England trading to " of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise the East Indies, a Grant or Pottah for the said " imposed by the said Act;" and that the Petitioner, Property in New Harbour to the Petitioner and his not succeeding in his Application, and being most griev- Heirs for ever, together with certain Harbour Rates, ously injured in his Property, and embarrassed in his to be collected from all Vessels which should anchor Trade, by the Provisions of the said Act, hath ever within the Limits of the Harbour for a longer Space

than

Geo. Itt 6° Februariu i

than Two Tides; and that Reports oh the Harbour* and Navigation to it, were made by the late Sir John Clarke, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Captain George Farmer, of His Majesty’s Ship Sea Horse, but late of the Quebec Frigate, Captain John Ritchie, Marine Surveyor to the East India Company at Bengal, Captains SavSmith, Ogilvie, Arthur, Maw, Applegarth, and several other Commanders of East India Ships, who all agreed in Opinion, that the Place was well adapted to receive and refit both His Majesty’s Ships of War, and all Merchant Ships of the largest Burthen; because the Rife and Fall of the Spring Tides are at least Twenty Feet; because the new Track reduces the Run into the Ganges from 150 Miles to 40 only, during the North-east Monsoon; because the new Track furnishes a larger Draught of Water at Low Tide than the old accustomed Channel does at High Water; and because His Majesty’s Ships, being compelled to leave the Coast of Coromandel during the Change of the Monsoon, will fail with fair Winds to New Harbour, and in November will have fair Winds to blow them back to their Station again; whereas, according to the present Method of going round to refit at Bombay, they are totally prevented from returning to the Coast of Coromandel till March or April following; and that, notwithstanding these Reports, which promise every Convenience to His Majesty’s Ships, and to the general Trade of India, the Petitioner has found himself deprived of his Rights in New Harbour, and of the Means of realizing his Property therein, while the Nation and the Public suffer in the Loss of all Benefit from this Place during the pre -sent War: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Exportation A Petition of the several Manufacturers and Persons

of Draft. interested in the Exportation of Brass, 4’C. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Acts of the 33d of Henry the Eighth, and the 2d and 3d of Edward the Sixth, the Exportation of Brass, 8$c. is prohibited under very severe Penalties; and that, for many Years pall, several Companies have been established in this Kingdom for the making of Brass,;

and that the above Laws being passed at so remote a Period, have been looked upon as obsolete, the Exportation of Brals having been constantly permitted, tl^at Article constituting a large Proportion of the Cargoes sent to the Coast of Africa, and many other Parts of the World; and that, some Months since, a considerable Seizure was made of Brass sold by some of the Petitioners for Export, and upon Application to the Commissioners of the Customs, they did not think themselves authorized, under the aforesaid Acts, to allow of the Exportation; and representing to the House, that from the large Capitals, and Numbers of Persons employed in the said Manufacture, it is an Object of considerable Consequence to the general Commerce of the Kingdom; and, as the Tenor of the above Acts is so incon-fiftent with the Interest of the British Manufacturer, therefore praying for the Repeal of the Prohibitory Clauses in the said Acts, or for such other Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Lever's A Petition and Representation of Sir Ashton Lever,

Museum. Knight, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in the early Part of his Life, having a Turn for Natural History, began to collect Specimens of every Kind, and being flattered by his great Success, resolved to remove his Museum to the Vol. 39.

Metropolis, not doubting but he could make it, by its Pre-eminence over all other Collections, a national Honour; and that, notwithstanding the Difficulty and Expence of this Undertaking, he entered upon it with determined Spirit, and has pursued it in such a Manner as to have secured every capital Article that has offered itself, and by selecting out of some Hundred thousand Specimens, has actually formed a Collection superior to any Thing of the Kind in Europe, or perhaps to them all united, as it comprehends Subjects not to be found in any other Cabinet, with others more elegant in their Attitudes, and more perfect in their Preservation; and that the Petitioner has persevered in this Pursuit at a very great Expence, encouraged by a firm Belief that it might be rendered worthy the Attention of the Nation, in which he has been confirmed by the Opinion of Persons of the first Consequence, so that it is now grown too great a Concern for any Individual; and that, notwithstanding this Collection had been thus made, in hopes that it would have been purchased for the Use and Benefit of the Public, yet, from the critical Situation of the Times, it has been thought improper to apply for the Indulgence of Parliament in the Mode he intended otherwise to have done: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and impower the Petitioner, his Executors, Administra-. tors, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of the said Museum and Collection, and the several Pieces composing the lame, in such Manner as the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall think proper, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament against any Sale or Sales by Way of Lottery, or Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figures; and that such Sale or Sales lb to be made of the said Museum, and of the several Pieces composing the fame, by the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (before a Day in the Act to be specified) may be good and valid, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Chamberlains and Four-and- Alnwick twenty, and the rest of the Freemen of the Borough Inclosure. of Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland, and of the Widows of deceased Freemen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Almcick is an ancient Borough* consisting bf ancient Burgages or Borough Houses, for which there are certain small Burgage Rents, or Quit Rents, paid to the Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the Manor and Borough aforesaid; and that there are, within the said Borough, Ten Companies or Fraternities of Freemen, who are a Body corporate by Prescription, and are fcifed of certain ancient Estates within the said Manor and Borough; and the Management of the Business and Concerns of the said Freemen has, for Time immemorial, been performed by a fclcCfc Number of the Freemen, called Chamberlains and Four-and-twenty, amounting to Twenty-four Persons in the whole, Eight of whom have been annually returned by the said Chamberlains and Four-and-twenty, to the Court Leet Of the Lord of the said Manor, out of which Number Four Persons have usually been eleCled Chamberlains by the Lord’s Steward at thb said Court for the Year ensuing, and fwbrii before him to the due Execution of their Office; and that there is adjoining to the said Town or Bbrdugh, a large TraCl of Land, called Almcick Moor, situate within and Part of the said Manor of Alnwick, and, by virtue of certain Grants from the Lords of the said Manor, the said Freemen are entitled to Common of Pasture, and to divers other Privileges on the said

T t Moor,

Alnwick

Inclosure.

16z

6° Februariu

A. 1783.

Moor, they paying to the Lord of the Manor Two Shillings per Annum for the Liberty of depasturing their Cattle thereon in the Fence Month; and that the said Freemen, or such of them as have been resident in the Town or Parish of Alnwick, have actually enjoyed such Right of Common, and other Privileges, over the whole of the said Moor, until the Time of making the Inclosures therefrom, and the Widows of Freemen, as well as the said Freemen themselves, resident in the said Town, have allb uniformly enjoyed the said Right of Common and other Privileges; and that long after the making of the said Grants, and for some Time past, divers Parcels of the said Moor have from Time to Time been inclosed therefrom, and cultivated by the Chamberlains and Four-and-twenty, and some of the said Freemen, but without the Conient of the Lord of the said Manor and the rest of the said Freemen of Alnwick; and that the Lord and Lady of the said Manor and Borough for the Time being, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 6th Day of March 1762, did consent that the said Inclosures should be established to the said Freemen and Widows, and should continue to be let to Farm for their Benefit, and also to grant to them certain Privileges therein mentioned, and did likewise agree to such other Matters as are in the said Articles contained; and that the Rents and Profits of the said Inclosiires respectively, have from Time to Time been received by the said Chamberlains and Four-and-twenty, and have, or ought to have, been applied for the Use of the said Freemen, and the Widows of Freemen deceased; and that the said Duke of Northumberland, being desirous of shewing further Favour and Regard towards the said Freemen of Almcick, hath consented to permit an Improvement

on other Parts of the said Moor, and to grant certain Privileges for that Purpose, as well for the Accommodation of the said Freemen, as for the ornamenting that Part of the Country; and the said Chamberlain and Four-and-twenty, with the rest of the said Freemen, are desirous that the same should be carried into effectual Execution; and that divers Disputes have arisen, touching the Application of the Rents and Profits arising from the said several Inclosures, as also of the Rents and Profits of the said ancient Estates, and other the Properties or Revenues of the said Freemen; for Remedy whereof, divers of the said Freemen, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Freemen (except the Members of the Four-and-twenty) and also divers of the Widows of deceased Freemen, residing within the said Borough, have filed a Bill in Chancery against the said Chamberlains and Four-and-twenty, for the Time being, praying a Discovery and an Account of the Matters therein mentioned, and also that the Rights and Interests of the said Freemen resident in the said Borough, to their laid Estates, Properties, and Privileges, might be established, and that proper Directions might be given for the future Enjoyment thereof; and that divers Disputes have also arisen among the Petitioners, the said Freemen of Alnwick, touching the Government and Conllitu-

tion of the said Corporation; and the Petitioners are desirous of putting an End to such Litigations and Disputes, as well touching the Revenues of the said Corporation, as the Government and Constitution thereof, and that the Affairs of the said Freemen, particularly with respect to the Revenue belonging to them, should in future be subjected to certain Regulations, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will greatly conduce to secure to the Freemen of the said Town, the Benefit of the several Grants made to them by the Lords of the said Manor, and of the other Properties, Rights, and Privileges belonging to the said Freemen, and that the Articles of Agree-06

ment entered into as aforesaid, should in Part be effectually established and confirmed, and also that such further Improvements of the said Moor, as have been proposed by the said Duke of Northumberland, should be made, and that there is no Free School within the said Borough, for the Education of the Children of the Freemen (except a very inconsiderable Charity School, at which some of the Children of the poorer Sort of Freemen are taught to read) and it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Freemen to have such a Free School instituted, and to have Part of the Revenues of the said Corporation appropriated for the Support of the lame, and for building a new' School and School House for that Purpose, and to have certain Regulations elta-blished touching the Choice and Removal of such Schoolmaster, and for the good Order and Government of the said School: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying the Intentions of the said Parties into effectual Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Will Middleton, Sir Thomas Clavering, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Leeds and

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool w;as re- aim' ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And it appearing that no Mention is made in the said Report whether the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according Dyed Way to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of R<jacls. an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from Dyed JVay to Sumerton,

" and from Gazvbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a

" Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Mar took,

" in the County of SomersetAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Meredith, Clerk of the Birmingham Company of Proprietors of the Canal Canal Books.

Navigation, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Minute Books and Committee Books of the said Company.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, pursuant to India their Address to His Majesty, Affairs.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Directors of the East India Company, to the Right honourable Sir Thomas Robinson, dated East India House, 27th June 1755* inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of Provisional Treaty, signed by Mr. Godehea, December 26th, and by Governor

Saunders, December $ift4 1754.

N° 3-

23 Geo. III. 6° Februariu 163

N° 3. Copy of Truce, signed by Mr. Godeheu, Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing Buildings and the 26th Day of December, and by Governor the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Repairs of Saunders, 31st December, 1754. presented to the House, pursuant tb their Addrest to His Sh'P®*

N° 4. Copy of additional Articles to Truce, signed Majesty,

by Governor Saunders, December 31st 1754, An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary and by Mr. Godeheu, January 4th 1755. for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships

Together with a List of the said Papers. of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and

And the said Lift was read. other extra Works, over and above what are proposed

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and

to be peruied by the Members of the House. Ordinary, for the Year 1783.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

other Papers of this Session. The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vox.. 39. NAVY

NAVY OFFICE, 31 & January 1783. w

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1783; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter of the 8th November last, from Philip Stephens, Esquire.

Time when may be Charge of their

Place where* Guns. Ships Names. Nature of their Repair# Taken in Hand. Completed. "N ( Hulls, Malts, and Yards. A Rigging and Stores* TotaL

£. £. £

Deptford 98 Impregnable - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - - August 1784 a# 18,000 - - . 18,000

Windsor Castle - - - Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - - 8,000 - 8,000

74 Vanguard ----- Building ----- In Hand - - . - Uncertain - - 16,000 * 16,000

32 Thames ----- Middling Repair - - - In Hand - - - March 1783 - 4,000 a,800 6,800

Woolwich 98 Prince ---- Building ----- In Hand - - - December 1783 - 30,000 4,600 34,600

Boyne ---- Minotaur ----- Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - - 2,000 - - - 2,000

74 Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - - 2,000 - 2,000

50 Europa ----- Building ----- In Hand - - - March 1783 - - 5,000 3,300 8,300

28 Resource ----- Small Repair - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 2,000 1,000 3,000

Chatham 100 Royal George - - - - Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - - 5,000 mm mm m 5,000

- - - Queen Charlotte - - - /Ordered to be- built on! 1 the Diadem's Slip - -J 1,000 m mm 1,000

74 Leviathan ----- Building ----- In Hand - - - Uncertain - - 24,000 8,500 32,500

9° Sandwich ----- Great Repair - - - - Uncertain - - - Uncertain - - - 18,000 6,500 24,500

74 Albion ---- Middling Repair - - - In Hand - - - Next Month - - 10,000 6,400 16,400

Russell ---- Middling Repair - - - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 15,000 6,200 21,200

- - - Robust ---- Middling Repair - - - Uncertain - - " Uncertain - - - 15,000 6,100 21,100

Sheerness 32 Mermaid ----- Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 7,000 3,400 10,400

20 Galatea - - - / Between Small and Mid-' dling Repair - - - Uncertain - - - Uncertain (- - - 1,550 2,300 3,850

Portsmouth - 98 Saint George - - - - Building ----- In Hand - - - Uncertain - 8,000 8,000

74 Bulwark ----- Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - - 500 - 500

50 Leopard ----- Building ----- In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 5°° — 500

74 Hector ---- /Between Small and Mid-/ / dling Repair - - -J In Hand - - - Next Month - - 4,100 4,400 8,500

Pr ince of Wales - - - Great Repair - - - - Uncertain - - - Uncertain - - - 18,000 5,600 23,600

- - - Montagu - - - - -Canada ----- /Between Small and Mid-/ / dling Repair - - -J Great Repair - - - - In Hand - -Uncertain - - - This Month -Uncertain - 5,720 18,000 4,400 4,700 10,120 22,700

’ 64 Trident ---- Middling Repair - - - In Hand - - - Uncertain - mm 18,100 3,150 21,250

28 Pomona ----- Small Repair - - - - Uncertain- - Uncertain; ' 1,250 2,650 3,900

£>° Fehrmrii, ji. j.

Plymouth

o

p

CO

CD

100 Royal Sovereign -

98 Glory -

74 Cesa r -

50 Medusa -

74 Kent -

Intrepid - -

3 2 Amazon -

Building -

Building - -

Ordered to be built Building -Middling Repair Small Repair -

Small Repair -

M E R

River Thames

o

CQ

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

74 Defiance -

Culloden -

- Ramillies - -

- Audacious -

44 Expedition - -

36 32 Leda - - -Southampton

74 Thunderer - -

Terrible - ! -

- Sic ft sure - -

32 Pearl - -

28 Lizard -

32 Aquilon- - -

3<) Romulus - -

Sloop! i(3 / Calypso -

28 Triton - -

64 Dictator - - - - 9

74 Captain -Guardian -

44 - -

32 Tones to//e - -

74 Carnatic -

- Majestick - -

- Orion - -

32 Iris - -

- Solebay- - -

28 Cary fort - -

74 Tremendous - -

- Zealous -

3<3 Inconstant - -

1 32 1 Niger - w

Building - -

Building -Building - -

Agreed for to be built Agreed for to be built Building -

Small Repair - -

Building -

Agreed for to be built Agreed for to be built Middling Repair Middling Repair Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Middling Repair Built ----- Agreed for to be built Building - -

Large Repair - -

Fitting for Sea - -Building - -

Agreed for to be built Building - -

Agreed for to be built Small Repair - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building ——

Middling Repair.

m > In Hand - - April 1784 - -

- In Hand - - Uncertain - -

- - - - Uncertain -

- In Hand - - Uncertain - -

- Uncertain - - Uncertain -

- Uncertain - - Uncertain -

- Uncertain - - Uncertain -

Total King's Yards -

C HANTS Y ARDS.

- In Hand - - January 1784

- In Hand - - August 17S3 - -

- In Hand - - January 1780 - -

- April 1786- - -

- ... June 1784 - -

- I11 Hand - - April 1784 - -

- Next Month Uncertain -

- I11 Hand - - December 1783 -

- - July 178.5 -

- - January 1786

- In Hand - - Uncertain -

Next Month Uncertain -

- In Hand - - March 1784 - -

- In Hand . - - March 1784 - -

- In Hand - - May 1783 - -

- Next Month Uncertain -

Fitting for Sea - -

I - May 1,786

- In Hand - - June 1783 - -

Next Month - Uncertain -

« In Hand - . February 1785

- - April 1786 - -

- In Hand - - March 1783 - -

- - March 1784 - -

Next Month Uncertain -

- In Hand - - July 1785 -

- In Hand - . January 1786 - -

- In Hand - - December 1783 -

- Next Month - Uncertain -

r

M O O - 16,700

1,000 - 1,000

5,000 - .5,000

4,5oo I,8j0 6,350

17,000 - - - 17,000

8,600 4,100 12.700

3,200 2,750 5,950

3*3,7*> 84,700 398,420

19,000 8,000 27,000

17,000 8,000 2.5,000

6,q8o - 6,980

6,980 - - - 6,980

5,200 - 5,200.

5,300 - 5,300

(>,000 2,000 8,000

17,440 8,000 2.5,440

13.840 - 13,840

3,400 - 3,400

6,000 3,870 9,870

4,000 3,0.50 7,050

4,060 1,580 5,640

5,220 - 5,220

5,oooo 2,620 7,620

4,000 3-050 7,0.50

5,5oo 6,000 ' 11,500

3,480 - 3,480

9,200 5,560 14,760

4,000 3,000 7,000

1,500 7,730 9,230

10,280 - 10,280

3,400 - 3,400

5,200 4,7io 9,910

5,9oo 1,500 7,400

4,000 2,000 6,000

10,440 - 10,440

6,800 - - - 6,8oo

10,150 5>47° 15,620

5,000 3>oooo 8,00a c s= x c or. — —

on

Vi

43 Geo. III. 6° Februarii

74 Powerful Building - -

I encrable Building - -

- Victorious Building * - - - .

- Iiauuibal Agreed for to be built -

Theseus Agreed for to be built

44 Adventure Building - -

Gorgon Building -

32 Boston - Middling Repair -

28 Alaidstone Middling Repair m

G'UAVESEND ... 74 Colossus Building - -

Frindsbury - - - 64 74 Director Bellerophon Building - - - -Agreed for to be built

32 Meleager w? Building ..

« Sandwich - - - - Brig JVeazle - Building -

Ferret - Agreed for to be built -

Sandoate - - - - 28 Hussar . Building - -

- Hind Agreed for to be built -

Sloop ] ->6 / Rattler - Building - -

28 Alligator Building - -

- Laurel - Agreed for to be built -

Sloop "I 16 j m m Brisk Building - -

Serpent Agreed for to be built -

28 Rose - Building - -

- Dido - Building - -

Dover ----- Thisbe Building ..... Agreed for to be built

m Lapwing -

- Circe Building - - -‘ - -

WlVENHOE - - - - Fireship Comet <- Building - -

Mistleythorn - - 32 Greyhound Terpsichore Building - - - -Building - -

Harwich - - - - 74 Excellent - Building - -

32 Castor - m Building - -

Ipswich ----- Fireship Mcgaera - Building - - - - " J

East Cowes - - - 64 44 Veteran Experiment - - Building - - -Building -

SlIOREfJAM - - - - Sloop I 1 16 / Scorpion - - Building - -

In Hand - - April 1783 m

In Hand - January 1785 -

In Hand - - - July 1785 -

m 4* - January 1786 - -

m - May 1786 -

In Hand - - - Peceinber 1783 -

In Hand - m June 1784 - -

In Hand - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - August 1785 -

In Hand - - October 1783 - -

_ August 178.5 .

In Hand m - March 1784 -

In Hand - - Next Month -

- - July 1783 - -

In Hand - - August 1783 -

- Match 1784 -

In Hand - - - March 1783 -

In Hand - - September 1783

m m March 1784 -

In Hand - - June 1783 -

_ March 1784

In Hand - - August 1783 -

In Hand - - - October 1783 - -

In Hand - August 1783

- March 1784 -

In Hand - - - August 1783 -

In Hand - - - June 1783 -

In Hand - m November 1783 -

In Hand - - - July 1784 -

In Hand - February 1785 - -

In Hand - March 1784 -

In Hand - - June 1783 -

In Hand . November 1783

In Hand - July 1783 -

In Hand - - January 1784 - m

11,500 3>230 Building9 and Repairs o of Ships.

11,200 - 11,200

11,200 - 11,200

o 00^0 0 0 c 0 - 10,200

- 6,800

10,900 4,50 15,400

0,300 - 6,300

6,000 1,450 7,450

4,000 1,450 5,450

4, Coo . 4,600

15,900 5,39° 21,290

6,800 6,800

<0 c 0 2,000 6,900

1,360 1,330 2,690

1,980 1,330 3,310

6,800 4.170 10,970

3,120 - 3,120

1,700 2,620 4,320

6,800 4,170 10,970

3,120 3,120

OO O 2,620 5,100

1,360 - - - 1,360

5,4oo 4,170 9,570

6,520 4,170 io,6go

6,520 4,170 10,690

2,080 - - - 2,080

7,560 4,170 n,73o

3,060 580 3,640

8,350 4,300 12,650

1,300 - 1,300

10,200 - - - 10,200

4,900 2,000 6,900

3,470 2,100 5»570

15,360 *1,200 21,560

6,400 3,920 10,320

2,920 2,370 5,290

ON

On

6° Februarii. 1785*

o

05

*o

Fireship Conflagration m

m Vulcan - -

Northam- 74 Saturn - -

64 Stately - -

44 Regulus

Burslidon 74 Elephant -

44 Dover -

36 Phenir - -

44 Wooiwich -

36 Crescent -

32 Blotule - - m -

Blanche

Bucklersiiard- 74 Illustrious - - - _ .

64 Indefatigable -

44 Sheerness -

32 Heroine

Itchenor- 44 Chichester -

Sloop "1 16 / Nautilus -

Bucklershard- 44 Gladiator - - - .

Bristol - . - - Charon

- # - Severn - -

36 Melampus- - -

I 64 Nassau - -

33 Druid - -

Liverpool - Andromeda m

- Penelope -

24 New - - . m

Building - -

Building - -

Building -

Building - -

Building -

Agreed for to be built Agreed for to be built Building - -

Building - -

Building -

Agreed for to be. built Agreed for to be built

Agreed for to be built Building - -

Agreed for to be built Building - -

Building -

Building - -

Built - -

Building - -

Agreed for to be built Building - -

Agreed for to be built Building -

' Building - -

Building - -

Agreed for to be built

D

cqI

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

eg

FT

In Hand - - - July 1783 - - - 3*66o 1 1,720 1 5,38b

- In Hand - - - July 1783 - - - 3,660 1,720 5,380

- In Hand - - - July 1785 - - - 6,700 - 6,700

- In Hand - - - June 1783 - - - 10,100 2,000 12,100

- In Hand - - - May 1783 - - - 5,200 3>920 9,120

July 1785 - - - 10,050 *" - 10,050

September 1784 3,840 - - - 3,840

m In Hand - - - Augui't 1783 - - 5,400 3,76o 9,160

- In Hand - - July 1784 - - - 1,300 - 1,300

- In Hand - - - September 1783 8,300 3,76o 12,060

- - October 1784 - - 2,600 2,600

October 1784 - - 2,600 - 2,600

September 1785 3,400 ... 3,400

In Hand - - - November 1783 12,660 6,200 18,860

August 1784 - - 1,300 - 1,300

In Hand - - - April 1783 - - - 5,300 4,500 9,800

- In Hand - September 1784 5,200 — 5,200

- In Hand - - - October 1783 - - 2,460 2,370 4,830

2,000 - - - 2,000

In Hand - - - April 1783 - - - 8,030 3,480 11,510

August 1784 - - 6,400 - 6,400

- In Hand - - - March 1784 - - 7,440 - 7,440

June 1786 - - - 5,400 - 5,400

- Iu Hand - - April 1783 - - - 6,000 - 6,000

In Hand - - - July 1783 - - - 6,000 - 6,000

In Hand - - - July 1783 - - - 6,000 4,270 10,270

July 1784 - - - 2,600 - 2,600

Total ]V lerchants Yards - - 580,930 189,250 770,180

Total King’s Yards - - - 313,720 84,700 398,420

Grand Total ----- 894,650 273,950 1,168,600

On

a 3 Geo. Ill* 6°

Woolwich

g

(Q

i — h

N'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

c§

FT

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth

On Works of the Yards.

Towards building the Boundary Wall, including Stone Piers to Gates, and Gates, &c. -

To levelling the Ground purchased of Mr. j Sweater, and forming it previous to the Consideration of a Plan for improving the same To building new Offices for the Clerk of the Cheque and other Officers - -

To completing the Porter’s Lodge ——

To building Marine Barracks ——

To building 190 Feet of the New Storehouse ——

To completing the Storehouse for fitted Rigging, with a Sail Loft over it ——

Towards building the new South Storehouse ——

To 250 Feet in Length of Foundation at the Landing Hulk -

To 400 Feet in Length of Foundation at The Watering Island ——

To 110 Feet in length of Foundation at The Camber -

To building a Stone Wall at Haslar Hospital ——

Towards building a new House for the Commissioner ——

Towards Improvements in the Victualling Preinil'es at Weevil ——

Towards completing the Crols Wall between the Mast and Boat Ponds, except where the Opening is left for a Communication to the Pond, until the Excavation of the new Part is finithed ——

Towards carrying on 200 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall, on the East Side of the Mast Pond, with Three Walls for forming the Locks for Masts, and Two Bays of Plank Houses over them ——

Towards forming a Dam for building the South Pier of the New Dock, proposed to be built at the North Part of the Yard - -

Towards building the South Pier and Drains to the New Dock ——

Towards building Marine Barracks, with Suttling House and Infirmary, with Offices, at St outhouse, near Plymouth -

ABSTRACT.

Total - - - 89,407

Grand Total - £ 1,2.58,007

1.000 800

i>992

95

800

8.000

1,360 11,220

8.000 12,800

3.4io

2,200

4.000 15.000

300

5,000

4,200

3,830

5,400

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards For the Ships in Merchants Yards -

313 720\

84.700)

580,030!

189,250/

£ s.

398,420-----

770,180-----

89,407 -

/Hulls - -

/Rigging and Stores -

fHulls - - -"lit igging and Stores -Towards the Improvements in the Yards....

For paying the Amount of the Bills drawn for the Value of the French Ships of War underonentioned, with their Furniture and Stores, captured by the Fleet late under the Command of Admiral Lord Rodney, and purenafed by his Lord-lliip’s Order for His Majesty’s Service; viz.

Villede Paris -

Glorieu.i' -

Hector -

Inserted in the Extra Estimate for this Year, purl'uant to an Order from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 29th Inltunt.

Grand Total --««£. 1,311,843 1

24,693 l 7 18,370 17 9

10,772 1 n|

SI-

Viz. The Sum of One Million Three hundred Eleven thousand Eight hundred and Forty-three Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence.

N.B. The Ships inserted in this Estimate are thought the most proper Objects of Expence, under the present View of the Works carrying on at His Majestys several Yards; and the Sums that may laid out on them calculated accordingly. But as this Service, from the Variety of Accidents the Fleet is expofl'd to, must be l'ubject to continual Alteration, and it becomes frequently necessary, in consequence of them, to lay out the Sums intended for extra Service on the Ships in actual Service, it is impossible at any Time, but more particularly so in Time of War, to tix an Estimate for particular Ships, that is not subject to be varied from in the Execution of the Works of the Year.

Chat Middleton,

Os

00

Geo. Marsh,

Sam' W.

6* Februariu A. 1783.

3 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 169

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Pool* Gate A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Road*. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, appointed Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, " leading from a Gate in the Town and County of " Poole, called Poole; and for repealing Two " Acts of Parliament of the figth and 30th Years of " his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also " for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein men* " tioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street " or Way within the said Town and County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Effect or Construction of a certain Clause in the said Act, the Petitioners, and a great Number of the other Trustees therein named, are become disqualified to act in the Execution thereof; and that the Trustees lb deemed to be disqualified, are, amongst others, nearly all the Gentlemen of Property and Consequence in the Counties of Dorset and Hants, for that of Eighty-three Trustees named in the said Act, who are now living, and either reside or have considerable Estates in those Counties, Seventy-three at least come within the Description of those disqualified as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, and the said other Trustees, have incurred their present Disqualification, either by being unacquainted with their Appointment as Trustees for executing the said Act, till after the Time limited for their taking on themselves the Trull was elapsed, or by not being apprized that their desisting to act for a certain Length of Time, would render them incapable of ever acting in future; and that the said Act, in the above-mentioned Instance, and in other Particulars, requires Amendment and Explanation, and it will be for the Benefit of the Roads if the Term of its Continuance is enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

East India The House being informed that Mr. Holt, from the

Affairs. Directors of the East India Company, attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies and Extracts of sundry Letters and Papers transmitted from Bengal to Fort Saint George in 1781; also, Extracts of Minutes of Proceedings of the Governor and Council at the latter Presidency in 1781 and 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copies and Extracts, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

West Florida. The House being informed that Mr. Lemon, from the Rolls Chapel, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Commission to George Johnstone, Esquire, to be Governor of the Province of West Florida, in America, so far as it respects the Boundaries of the said Province; dated the 21st of November 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Vol. 39-

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety-six thousand Five hundred and Seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two and the Twenty-fifth Day of March following, and between the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred, and Eighty-two and the Sixth Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Forty thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Niue Pence be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Ninth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two and the Ninth Day of November following, and not provided for by Parliament

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common- Bedford alty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level Level Bond of the Fens, was presented to the House, and read; Debt*. Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act " for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the " Fens, called Bedford Levelfit was enacted, that William then Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis then late Earl of Bedford, and of the said Earl William, their Heirs and Assigns, should be a Body Politic and Corporate, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of " The Governor, Bailiffs, and " Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens," and they were thereby impowered to lay Taxes on Ninety-five thousand Acres of Land within the said Level (allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Level, and whereof Twelve thousand Acres had been designed for his then late Majesty) for the' Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level, and to levy the same with Penalties; and that by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the same King, it was enacted, that all Taxes imposed, or to be imposed, for the Preservation of the said Level, should be assessed upon Eighty-three thousand Acres, Parcel of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres, by a gradual Acre Tax of different Sorts and Value of Lana, and Surveyors were appointed to digest the same into Sorts and Degrees, to be returned to the Fen Office, according to which the same were in future to be taxed; and the said Twelve thousand Acres were to be rated at a Medium of the said Tax; and that, in pursuance of the said Act the Surveyors thereby appointed set out the said Eighty-three thousand Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees, according

Xx to

170 6° Februarii.1783;

to which the same have since been taxed, and the said Parts of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres so taxed Twelve thousand Acres have been rated at a Medium of and taxable as aforesaid, lying within the said Middle such Tax; and that the said Great Level is divided into and South Levels, have been heretofore cut or dug for Three Parts, distinguished by the Names of the North Turf, and the same and other Parts of the said Lands Level, the Afiddle Level, and the South Level, and, the are now or hereafter may be fit to be cut or dug for

Taxes and Revenues of the said Levels having been that Purpose; and it will be expedient to enable the

found insufficient for supporting the Works for draining said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, to fell the

and preferring the fame, the said Governor, Bailiffs, and said Tax or Taxes wherewith such Lands are now Commonalty, were obliged to borrow Money at Interest charged by virtue of the Acts of Parliament aforesaid, for that Purpose, and by Means thereof contrasted very and also such further Taxes as might hereafter be charged* large Debts, feme of which were incurred generally on by the said Corporation by virtue of the Power of Tax* account of the Whole of the said Great Level, and ation vested in the said Corporation by the said Acts; others on account of the said Middle and South Levels; or any of them, upon the said Lands which have been and that, by an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of so already cut or dug, or now are or hereafter may be King George the Second, the said Corporation was dif- fit to be cut or dug for Turf as aforesaid, and to apply charged from certain Debts therein mentioned on ac- the Monies arising from such Sale towards discharging the count of the said North Level, but remained subject to a laid Bond Debts of the said Corporation on account of Debt of 12,500l. and also to a Debt of 15,940/. the said Middle and South Levels: And therefore pray-making together 28,440 /. upon account of the said ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Middle and South Levels, owing to sundry Persons, the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common-upon Bonds from the said Corporation, under their Com- alty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great mon Seal; and, by the said last mentioned Act, the Level of the Fens, to fell their Taxes of certain Lands Taxes arising from the North Level were discharged within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said from those Debts, and were not to be liable to any Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf, future Debts, which might be contracted by the said Cor- and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards poration on account of the said Middle and South discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation,

Levels, nor were the Taxes of the Two last mentioned upon account of those Levels.

Levels to be liable to any Debts which might thereafter Or, That the said Petition be referred to the be contracted on account of the said North Level and Consideration of a Committe: And that they do examine that by another Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-of King George the Second (taking Notice that the said pear to them, to the House:

Debt of 28,440/. had been reduced to 27,440/.) it was And it is referred to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Yorke, &c.: enacted, that during such Time as any Debt should be And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of clue on account of the said Middle and South Levels, the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power such Parts of the said Eighty-three thousand Acres as to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, were within those Levels should be taxed with a single

gradual Acre Tax, and the Bonds for the said Debt The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Fenchurch

were to be changed, and new Bonds given for the fame, City of London attended at the Door; they were called Street,

specifying that the Money secured thereby was due in ;and, at the Bar, presented to the House, London.

upon Account of the said Middle and South Levels, A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

and the Taxes and Revenues of those Two Levels Commons of the City of London, in Common Council

were made a Security for the fame, and the said Cor- assembled.

poration was impowered to borrow further Sums thereon And then they withdrew.

for the XJfe of the said Middle and South Levels, not And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That

increasing the said Debt beyond the Sum of 32,000 /.; the Croffway or Passage between Fenchurch Street,

and that new Bonds were given pursuant to the said Gracechurch Street, and Lombard Street, within the said last mentioned Act; and that by another Act, passed in City, not being of sufficient Width, is often, and for a

the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty (taking Notice long Time, obstructed by the great Number of Carts

that the said Debt of the said Corporation upon ac- and Carriages daily passing the re, to the Danger and

count of the said Middle and South Levels had been Inconvenience of the Public; and that the Buildings* at

increased to the Sum of 30,700l.) the said Corpora- the North-Well Comer of Fenchurch Street being lately

tion was impowered to borrow further Sums for the Use damaged, and nearly destroyed by Fire, has suggested to

of those Levels, not increasing the said Debt beyond the the Petitioners the Possibility of improving the said Paf-

Sum 44,000l. and it was thereby enacted, that during sage before those Buildings shall be rebuilt: And there-

such Time as the Debt of the feud Corporation upon fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

Account of the said Middle and South Levels should for widening and improving the Well End of Fenchurch

exceed the Sum of 32,000 /. such Parts of the said Street, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as

Eighty-three thousand Acres as were within those Le- to the House shall seem expedient.

vels mould be charged with a gradual Acre Tax and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

a Quarter, and such Parts of the said Twelve thousand Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

Acres as were within the same Levels with a Medium amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

of such Tax, and the said Corporation was to have shall appear to them, to the House:

Po wer to affel’s such further Taxes thereon as the said And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Corporation might have done before the passing of the Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet To-said Act; and that, in pursuance of the last mentioned morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Act, several Sums were borrowed for the Purposes afore- Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, said, by the said Corporation, upon Bonds under their and Records.

Common Seal, on account of the said Middle and South

Levels, by Means whereof the Debt of the said Corpo- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Naval Pro-

ration, on account of those Levels, is now increased to an Account of all Promotions made to the Rank of motions, the Sum of 37,500 /. for which the Taxes and Re- Mailers and Commanders, and to the Rank of Post venues of the said Corporation arising within the same Captains, by the Commissioners for executing the Levels are a Security as aforesaid; and that divers Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, from ’ the

3 3 Geo. III. 6° — 70 Februarii. 171

the lit of November 1782 to the 31st of 1783;

specifying respectively the Names of the Officers promoted, the Dates of their Commissions, and the Names of the Ships into which they have been promoted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pains, &c. on The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun-IIumbold and fel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties Herring. on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill produced further Evidence, and examined a Witness, in Support of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

Rtmoval of Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale have leave to make a I'*- Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Dealers in Tea, in the City of Bristol.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are greatly injured in their Trade, not being on an equal Footing with those resident in and near London, by reason of an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, whereby it is enacted, that no Tea exceeding Forty Pounds Weight (not being in the original Chest in which the same was imported by the East India Company) at any Time dirtfted to the same Person, shall be removed from any Place in the Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, to any other Place out of the said Limits not within the Place from which the same shall be so removed, upod Pain of being forfeited; and, by another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, the Quantity is limited to Twenty Pounds Weight; and that the City of Bristol is the principal Market for the greatest Part of Wales, and the Vessels that come from Cardigan arrive but Once in Three or Four Months; from Haverfordwest Once in a Month, from Pembroke Once in a Month or Six Weeks, from Tenby, Swansea, and Neath, Once in Six Weeks or Two Months, and from Newton btit Once in Two Months, so that they cannot take a sufficient Quantity to supply the Demands from one Voyage to another; and although a Vessel arrives from ry Fortnight,

that Place and the Country round it cannot now be sufficiently supplied, notwithstanding the Petitioners may have a Sufficiency in their Warehouses, by Means whereof great Encouragement is given to Smugglers; and that, in the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts, where there are several Carriers, the Shopkeeper who may want about Eighty or One hundred Pounds Weight of Tea, mull send to several Wholesale Dealers, and be' a 1 the extra: Expence of several Packages, and employ many Carriers, when One may take the Whole; and a Shopkeeper may have Occasion for Eighty or One hundred Pounds Weight of Tea of divers Sorts, but not know how to dispense With Sixty or Seventy Pounds Weight of Green Tea, or Three or Four hundred Weight of Bobea Tea, which the Chests from the India House Vo l.39.

usually contain, and there being but One Carrier to several Places where those Shopkeepers reside, they cannot be supplied; and that it often happens that a Tea Dealer has Orders given him for Six or Eight different Sorts of Tea, and according to the Act, he can only fend Two or Three Pounds Weight of each; and that in case the before-mentioned Clauses are not repealed, the Trade of the Petitioners will be almost annihilated, and Smuggling of Necessity be greatly encouraged: And therefore praying the House to repeal such Parts of the before-mentioned Statutes as are so prejudicial to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary Tonmshend presented to the House, ac- Ireland — cording to Order, a Bill for removing and preventing Legislative all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning ®-'8hts of the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of 'ar iament-Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error or Appeal from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Townshend have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 7° die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783-Prayers.

A PETITION of the Occupiers of Houses in St- Clement that Part of Wyche Street which lies in the Parish Panes of Saint Mary le Strand, in the City and Liberty of avinf‘

Westminster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses and other Buildings in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the said City and Liberty of has

been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets,

Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty, and for vesting the same in a certain Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also, a Petition from the Inhabitants of that Part of Wyche Street aforesaid, and other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, called Optional Streets, praying to be included in the Bill, and to be in like Manner under the Direction of a certain Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that a small Part only of Wyche Street Wes within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, but the Whole thereof was together paved, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause, (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing,

Die ized by

St. Martin's in the Fields Faving.

172

70 Februiirii. A. 1783.

and lighting, the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty, and an Account hath been kept of the Expence thereof, separate from the other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and the Money borrowed for the paving thereof stands charged upon the Houses and Estates within the Whole of the said Street; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Street may be more conveniently done, if such Part thereof as lies within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand be put under the Direction and Management of the same Persons as the other Part of the said Street, lying within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, shall be put under: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for taking such Part of JVyche Street aforesaid, as lies in the said Parish of Saint Maty le Strand, from the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, and putting the same under the Direction of a certain Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in like Manner as the other Part of the said Street, lying within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, is intended to be put and placed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster in the County of Middlesex, as within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is referred j And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Occupiers of Houses in that Part of Great Drury Lane, which lies in the parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the said City and Liberty of Westminster, has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty, and for vesting the same in the Vestrymen of the said Parish; and also a Petition from the Inhabitants of that Part of Great Drury Lane aforesaid, and other Streets and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, called Optional Streets, praying to be included in the Bill, and to be in like Manner put under the Direction of the Vestrymen of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that a small Part only of Great Drury Lane lies within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, but the Whole thereof was together paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of a Clause (called the Optional Clause) contained in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty, and an Account hath been kept of the Expence thereof, separate from the other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and the Money borrowed for the paving thereof stands charged upon the Houses and Estates within the Whole of the said Street; and the Petitioners apprehend that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Street may be more conveniently done, if such Part thereof as lies within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand be put under the Direction and Management of the same Persons as the other Part of the said Street, lying within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields,

shall be put under: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for taking such Part of Great Drury Lane aforesaid, as lies in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, from the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, and putting the same under the Direction of the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in like Manner as the other Part of the said Street, lying within the said Parish of Saint Alartin in the Fields, is intended to be put and placed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Grocers and Tea Dealers in the Rtmoval of City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Tea. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, and other Purposes, it is enacted, that no Tea exceeding Forty Pounds Weight (not being in the original Chest in which the same was imported by the East India Company) at any one Time, directed to the same Person, shall be removed from any Place in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the chief Office of Excise in London, to any other Place out of the said Limits, not within the Place from which the same shall be so removed, upon Pain of being forfeited; and, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His laid Majesty’s Reign, the Quantity is limited to Twenty Pounds Weight; and that although 1 the Intent of the said Acts appear to have been the Prevention of Smuggling, yet, the Petitioners apprehend, they obviously tend to promote, instead of preventing it; and as Tea is an Article of almost univerlal Consumption in this Kingdom, and for which there is consequently a general and large Demand, the Opportunities of Conveyance from Place to Place, in many Parts of the Kingdom, cannot, under the Restrictions of the said Acts, be frequent enough to supply the necessary Demand; and, if the legal Dealers in the Country are restrained from supplying their Customers with as much Tea as they may want, it will be an additional Inducement to Retailers and Consumers to buy it of Smugglers; and that the Opportunities of Conveyance to many of the Towns and Villages in the County of Norfolk, from the City of Norwich (which is the principal Market for Tea for the whole County) come only once a Week, and to some of them still seldomer, and therefore the Restrictions alluded to must affect the Tea Dealers in the said City and County in a very considerable Degree; and that, even where the Opportunities of Conveyance are frequent enough to supply the usual Demand for Tea, still it is a Hardship upon the fair Dealer, that the Quantity he may have Occasion for, must be sent in several Packages, and by several Carriers: And therefore praying, That lb much of the aforesaid Acts as respects the Conveyance of Tea from Place to Place, not being within the Limits aforesaid, may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom Doncaster,

jjg &c. Roads.

23 Geo. III.

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Bower? of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the lleign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of TadcasterCross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-nnto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leeds and Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to rln^rP°°l whom the Report was re-committed, which was made d" ' from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, or to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had directed him to report the fame, together with the Matter of the said Petition, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the " River Ribble, to IVig, in the County Palatine of Lancasterand also, an Act passed in the Tenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut,

" or Canal, from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York,

11 to The North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey," were read: And,

Mr. John Hardy, Law Clerk to the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, being examined, informed your Committee, That in pursuance of the said lirft-mentioned Act, the River Douglas hath been made navigable; and, in pursuance of the second-mentioned Act, a considerable Part of that Canal, to the Extent of Sixty Miles, hath been made, and is now navigable, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the adjacent Countries and the Public.

That the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, finding it efl'ential to their Interests to be possessed of the Right of Navigation on the said River Douglas, they agreed with the Proprietors thereof for the complete Purchase of it, and are accordingly now the Owners of that Navigation — That a considerable Part of the Purchase Money has been paid, but that there is a Balance yet undischarged, which the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Canal find

themselves unable to provide for without the Aid of Parliament.

That the Powers of the said Act of the Sixth Year of King George the First, have proved insufficient for effecting the Purposes thereby intended, and feme of the Provisions thereof are incompatible with the Pro-Vo l, 39.

T73

visions contained in the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, particularly with respect to the Tenure of the Property, which is Part Freehold and Part Leasehold, in the Douglas Navigation, and all Personal Estate in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal; and that it would be for the Benefit of the Whole, that all the Shares should be made of the Nature of Personal Estate.

That in order to complete and preserve the Navigation of the said River, it is necessary that feme further Powers should be granted, particularly with respect to the Choice of new Commissioners — to varying the Tolls — punching Persons destroying the Works — weighing Boats, and making Bye Laws.

That the Powers of the said Act of the Tenth of His present Majesty also want Amendment, Addition, and Alteration; and the Sanction of Parliament is requisite for confirming the Purchase of the said River Douglas Navigation.

And being further examined, he said, That the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal have incurred a Debt of above lb,000l. the greater Part of which Sum hath been expended in the Improvement of the said River Douglas; and that about the Stun of 4,000l. is wanted to complete the Purchase of that Navigation — That in order to Secure the Discharge of the said Debt, and the Balance of the said Purchase Money, it is expedient and necessary, that a Sufficient Sum should be borrowed on the Credit of the Tonnage Duties granted by the said Acts of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias navigable

from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds " Bridge, in the County of York, to The North Lady's " Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey," to purchase the Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts: And that Mr.

Duncombe and Sir Cecil Wrey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to NorthDeigh. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open 10,1 bicloiure. Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 27 Acres of the said Lands, who refuled to sign their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed contain 519 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-

Y y wards

70 Februa

Expiring

Laws.

Italian Thrown Silk.

Weil Florida.

I.each lade Canal.

174 70 Februarii. A. 1783.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Offices of the Customs and Naval Officers in Amer; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the I Vest; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Athes, imported into Great , and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Lemon, from the Rolls Chapel, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Commission to George Johnstone, Esquire, Governor of the Province of West Florida, in wherein the Limits and Bounds of that Province are altered; dated the 6th of June 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read-, Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Thames, at or near Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or by Sidding through Sapperton Hill, and lb on to or near Stroud, there to join and communicate with the Stroud Canal Navigation, in the said County of Gloucester, so as to form a Junction between the Rivers Thames and Secern, which, the Petitioners

conceive, must be of great Benefit to tire Landed and Trading Interest of the Kingdom in general, and of tire said Borough and Neighbourhood in particular, by operK ing a navigable Intercourse between the different trading end manufacturing Towns bordering upon those large Rivers, and also between all the great Sea Ports hi this Kingdom, which will reduce the Price of Carriage, equalize the Price of Provisions, and, in many other Respects, be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in fuel!

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and the adjoining Counties, is referred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Army — last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Paymaster " better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General Gwieral’s " of His Majesty’s Forces," might be read. ce‘

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Secretary at War,

General Conway, and Sir George Howard, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Earl of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pembroke'* consider of the Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke, be Ert, we*' now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into tire said Committee.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House Call of the being read; House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That this House be called over upon Wednesday Seven-night, the 19th Day of this Instant February',

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ft. Yea.. {£^§5*, } >?6-

Teller* forth* Noes, $l'£uirray: } ,01-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hear- Bilston Navi-ing of Counsel upon the Bill for malting and maintaining gation. a navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Pariftes of Sedgley,

Tipton otherwise Tibbtngton, Wedncsbury, and Westbrom-zvich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of W arwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near in the

Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford',

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, whose Birmingham Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- Canal, selves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented from the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend their Canal into Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in tire several ParHlies of Sedgley, Tipton, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, and also to extend their Canal

from

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Crick lade Election*

Logwood*

23 Geo. III. 70- — 10° Februarii.

*7$

from Birmingham to Fazeky; and that, since the said Petition hath been presented, Doubts hare arisen, whether the said Company of Proprietors, in their corporate Capacity, under their Common Seal, can bind any Proprietor to contribute towards the Execution of such Extensions of Canal without his express Signature for that Purpose; and that, to convince the House of the Intentions of the said Proprietors to carry into effectual Execution such Extensions of Canal without Delay, the Petitioners pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower them, with other Proprietors of the said Navigation, to make and maintain such Extensions of Canal, and Collateral Cuts, as have been petitioned for by the said Company of Proprietors, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, ana tinder and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House may think meet; and that this Petition hiay be annexed to the former Petition, Plans, and Estimates, presented to the House by the said Proprietors.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ins next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House' adjourned till Monday Morning next, Teh of the Clock.

-3. — -V--Li-,.J.

the 5th of January 1763 and the 5th of January 1777, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is* preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several North Deigh-Open Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within ton lDclosure. the Township of North Deigkton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved \That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Opeti Fields, and d Parcel of Meadow Ground, within life Township of North Deighton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill ib the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Doncaster, of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty- &<= Road*, sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second; for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadeaster , and allb from Finybridge to Wetherby, and from thence tb Borctughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence td Boroughbridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second,' for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from theriee to Boroughbridge^ in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, arid from thente to Boroughbridge.

Ordered That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their GdttcufferiCC,

Lima, 10 adie Februarii;

Anno 23® Georgii Hr11 Regis, i 783.

PrayerS.

THE House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Motion made upon I Tuesday last. That Samuel P Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Eltftion and Return for (he Borough of in

the Count v of Wilts.

And a Member in his Place having acquainted the House, That he had Authority from the Honourable George Richard Saint Johni the Sitting Member, to consent to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordirigly;

Ordered, That the fold Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Samuel Petrie, EsqufrO, hrive Leave to withdraw his laid Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Ttrtnlcyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at foe Door; he was called in'; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Logwood imported into that Part of Great Britain called , betweerf

Vo 1* $9.

Ordtredi That there be laid before friis Horise, ari Floor, AcCourit of till FlOur, Com, and Malt, exported frorii exported. England, from the 1st Of Ottobkr 1782 to the lit Of January i 78g; distingriishing the Parts to Which such Exportation has bedn made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; ari Spirit* Account of the Quantities of Spirits made iri England and Wales, from the 5th of July 1770 to the 5th of January 1782; diflingriHhing each Year, and the Materials from which made.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Italian to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Thrown Silk, upon foe Bill for further continuing an Act; made in the Nineteenth Year of the Relgri of His present Majesty; for allowing the Importation of firie orgariziried Italian Thrown Silk, iri any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left (lie Chair.

Mr. Otd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when (he' House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mofning.

]o° Februarii. 1783.

Pitt’* Grant The House, "according to Order, resolved itself into of Lands at a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the eter lam. petjt'(on of Thomas Pitt, of Boconnock, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of , to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and hi? Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Rkhmond Park, or Nexc Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Representa- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Lament!'81" bridge, whose Names are thereunder signed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present disproportioned and unequal Representation of the Commons of this Realm appears to be in no Instance more remarkable than in that of the Privileges of Election exercised in great Towns, by a finall Proportion of the Inhabitants, to the Exclusion of the rest, who cannot without Regret feel themselves defiitute of the first of Constitutional Rights, a Share in the Election of those who are chosen to represent them: Under these Circum-liances, the Petitioners desire to state to this Honourable House, that the Two Members of Parliament to represent the Town of Cambridge, are elected by One hundred and Eighty Free Burgesses of the Corporation, of which not more than One hundred are resident; and that the Number of Inhabitants in the said Town is by Computation Seven thousand, of which about Twelve hundred are assessed to the Parish Rates; to the Wisdom and Justice of this Honourable House the Petitioners therefore respectfully apply, praying that their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted as is agreeable to the Confiitutional Principles of Representation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Stafford to A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Sandon Road. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford, to in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Hill, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from 03

Cleobury Mortimer, 6c. Roads.

Mortimer, The Cross House#, and the Turn-

pike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable George O'Brien Earl of Egremont, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing divers large Tracts of Open Ground, within the Parishes of Saint John in Bevetiey and Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for.draining the same through the Townships of Cottingham and Sculcoates, into the River Hull; and that the Petitioner is Owner of a certain Tra6l of Low Ground called Arram Carr, containing upwards of 300 Acres, and also of divers other Parcels of Low Ground situate in the Township of Arram, and within the Petitioner’s Manor of Lee-conjieid, in the said East Riding, which Low Grounds are overflowed with Water, and incapable of Improvement in their present State; and that the Petitioner’s said Grounds are upon the same I-evel with, and do nearly adjoin upon, the said Tracts of Open Ground proposed to be drained by the intended Bill, and the proposed Course and Outfall of the said intended Drainage are the only ones which the Nature of the Country is capable of for draining the Petitioner’s said Low Grounds, and would effectually drain the fame; and that the Petitioner’s Agent attended a Meeting of the Proprietors interested in the said proposed Drainage, held at Hull, on the 25th Day of January last, for the Purpose of signing the said Petition, and did apply and propose to have the Petitioner’s said Grounds included in the said proposed Drainage, upon the Terms of paying a proportionable Share of the Expence thereof; but several of the Proprietors then present objected thereto, on account of the Petitioner’s said Grounds not being included in the Notices which had been given pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, and that the Petitioner, residing at a great Distance from his said Estate, was not apprized of the said intended Application to the House early enough to cause such Notice to be given within the Time required by the said Standing Order: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for draining his said Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, " and from Gazvbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from " a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cart gate, in Marlock, in the County of Somerset," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition

Beverley, &c. Inclosure and Drainage,

Dyed Way Iioads.

Copper Coin.

Office* of the Treasury, &c.

Offices of the Customs.

Officers of Customs,

Fees, &c. of Calk) ms.

Ditto.

East India Customs.

23 Geo. III. 10° — 11# Febtu&riu 177

A Petition of the Tradesmert of the City and Liberty Ord, That there be laid before this House, a List ^,h'Ps !" of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and Trade in of the Ships in Commission, with their Names and Rates, 0Iumi on’

general, was presented to the House, and read; Setting on the 20th Day of January last; also the Names and forth, That the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved by the Rates of Ships of the Line in Progress to be in the Circulation of base Copper Coin, and have done all in Water before the lft Day of May next; and also the their Power to put a Stop to the Circulation thereof, but Number of Seamen and Marines borne and mullered find their Inability in lb doing, without the Interference on the lft Day of January last. of the House: And therefore praying the House to take

their Petition into Consideration, and afford them such Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Relief as to the House shall seem meet. of the Ships in Commission, with their Names and Rates

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the on the 31st Day of March last; and also the Number

Table. of Seamen and Marines borne and mustered on the

feme Day.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, The other Orders of the Day being read,

upon the 5th Day of December last, as relates to Regu- Resolved, That this House will, upon W Supply:

lations to be made with respect to the several Establish- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ments, incidental Expences, Fees, and other Emoluments whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted of Office, might be read. to His Majesty.

And the same being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Momirw next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means*

for preventing Abuses, and establishing certain Regu- whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

lations, in the several Offices of the Treasury, Admiralty, for raisiqg the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other

Offices to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Chan- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Jack- Morning, Ten of the Clock.

son, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and ._____________________

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obfb-lete and useless Offices in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, born in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Bufinefc and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the established Officers of the Customs in England and Scotland, with the Salaries now paid to them out of that Revenue.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in England and Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together with their respefitive Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, acknowledged to have been received by the several other Officers of the Customs in England and Scotland (not being Patentees) on a like Average of Three Years, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the usual Value of their respective Employments.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a State of the Customs and Duties paid in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, by the French East India Company, or the private Merchants of that Nation, before the Dissolution of the French East India Company.

Vo l. 39.

Mortis, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

ERS.

AN ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Forces.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Naval Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- motions, fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Officers promoted to the Rank of Mailers and Commanders, and to the Rank of Post Captains, from the ift of November 1782 to the 31st of January

*1783.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Henry Beveriey.&c. Etherington, Baronet, Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, Inclosure and John Hoggard, Esquire, Thomas Marr, William Wasney, Draina8e-Richard Fox, John Farrer, Gentlemen, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands in Weel, Woodmancy, Theame, Beverley Parks, Figham, and Skidby Car, and Skidby Ings, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant February, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the said 3d Day of this Instant February, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

Z z . And

ii° Februa

J. 1783.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ord, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Sdk. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their.Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had made a further Enquiry; and had come to One other Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered'it in at the Clerks Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the lft Day of June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said* late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 24th Day of June 1770, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further

Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pain*, &c.nh Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Baronet, Rumbold and

and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Pernn6-public Trust, and High Crimes and Mifdenleanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Bill produced further Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Bill.

And the said Counsel having desired Leave of the House, that they might now be permitted to produce Evidence, which had been before postponed, to shew that an Appeal had been instituted before the Governor and Council at Madras, from a Judgment of the Mayor’s Court there, in a Cause between the Executors of Mr. Redhead and Sitteram Rauze; and the said Coun-lel having informed the House, that the Proceedings upon the said Appeal, or authentic Copies thereof, were lately in the Possession of Mr. Jacomb, an Attorney in London, to whom they had been transmitted from

India, for the Purpose of instituting an Appeal from the Court of the Governor and Council at Madras to the King and Council here, and who attended this House, in order to produce the same in Evidence at the Bar on Thursday last, but who was not then called as a Wit-nels; and that the said Mr. Jacomb, on being requested to attend this House again with the said Papers this Day, had, by Letter, informed the Solicitor employed in Support of the Bill, that a Member of this House had received the said Papers from him, and that he, the said Mr. Jacomb, had no further Concern with the Cause;

And the said Solicitor, employed in Support of the Bill, having been examined thereto; and the Letter written by the Direction of Mr. Jacomb to him having been read, by which it appeared, that Mr. Walpole was the Member of this House, by whom the said Papers were received from the said Mr. Jacomb

The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Walpole being in his Place, and being desired to inform the House, whether he had any Objection to the producing of the said Papers, the said Member informed the House, that he did not think himself justified in producing them, without the House made au Order directing him so to do.

Ordered, That the Honourable Richard Walpole do produce the said Papers.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Evidence already given in Support of the said Bill be printed, for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Ireland — upon Thursday last, for reading a Second Time, To- Legiflauv* morrow Morning, the Bill for removing and preventing

2 3 GeO. IIL i i ° — i 2° F. i 79

ing all Doubts which ha ve arileh, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal; from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom; from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Scvennigiit, the i yth Day of this Instant February.

i.* India Ordered, That the India Company do lay be-Afiairs. fore this House, the Report of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, their Chief Engineer at Fort of the

State of the Ditch made by the French Factory near Chandernagore, with the Resolution of the Council of Fort William thereon.

SmugglingResolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-IndiaMnflwi, ing, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ae* to consider of better preventing the Running and Re-

landing, in this Kingdom, MuOins, Callicoes, Nahquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts, within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of better preventing the fraudulent Relanding of British or Irish Linens, after the same have been entered for Exportation from Great Britain, in order to receive the Bounties granted thereon.

D«ties m> The House was moved, That an Act, made in the WinM,&c. Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several " additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported " into this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the preventing the clandestine Importation of Wines in small Calks, and landing the same in this Kingdom, without Payment of Duties.

Contend Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Grain. Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain, as certified to the Collectors of Customs in the Ports of Chichester, Coues, Portsmouth, Southampton, Poole, Bristol, Liverpool, Chester, Hull, Great Yarmouth, and by the Justices of Peace from their several Quarter Sessions, between the lit of January 1775, and the 30th of January last inclusive; and also a Return’of the Quantities of each several Sort of Corn, Grain, and Hour, imported into, and exported from, the said Ports or Places, during the same Period, with the particular Dates w hen such Corn, Grain, and Flour were imported or exported.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo l. 39.

Mercurii, 12* die Februarii;

Anno *23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town cieobury of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was pre- Mortimer, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Ac‘ an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cieobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazcley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, one Branch of the Road therein mentioned is described so extend from Cieobury Mortimer, in the County of Salop, through Glazeley and Oldbury, in the said Cdurity, to Bridgnorth; and that the Limit prescribed by the said Act, viz, to Bridgnorth, is vague and uncertain, and productive of a Diversity of Opinion as to its Exteufion; and that the Trustees under the said Act, foori after it was obtained, erected a Gate on that Part of the said Road which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, which was soon afterwards removed, and erected in the Parish of Oldbury aforesaid, where it hath ever since continued, and is distant from the Place from which it was taken about 390 Yards; and that it will be very inconvenient to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and also to the Public at large, to have any Toll Gate erected nearer to the Town Of Bridgnorth than the Place where the Toll Gate now stands in the said Parish of Oldbury, or nearer to the said Town than the Extent of the said Parish of Oldbury; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented to the House, by the Direction of several of the Trufc . tees appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and for enlarging the Pow ers, of the said Act: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said intended Act of Parliament, to restrain the Commissioners, to be appointed under the said Act, from erecting any Toll Gate or Turnpike, or to demand or receive any Tolls at any Place on the Road from Glazcley, through Oldbury, to Bridgnorth, nearer to the said Town of Bridgnorth than the Place where the said Toll Gate is now erected in the said Parish of Oldbury, or nearer to the said Town than the Extent of the said Parish of O; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-fel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afteft the Petitioners as aforesaid; and that such Relief may be granted to them as the House shall think just ana reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, w idening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cieobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate oh Abberley Hill, in the Counties of S and Worcester, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices w ho come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The

i8o

i 2°Februarii.

A. 1783.

The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Furs exported from the Province of Canada, between the ill of January 1763 and the lft of January 1777; distinguishing the Species, the Places, and the Years: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega, and of the Number of Slaves, exported from any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Africa, between the lft of January 1763 and the ill of January 1777; distinguishing the Places and the Years: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton exported from the Island of Tobago, between the lft of 1763

and the ill of January 1777; distinguishing each Year: And allb,

An Account of the Quantity of Gum Senega exported from His Majesty’s Dominions in Africa, between the ill of January 1750 and the ill of January >755-

And then he withdrew.'

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for retraining Sir Thomas Baronet,

" and Peter Perring, Efeuire, from going out of this " Kingdom for a limited Time, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting " or alienating the fame;" without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Compion Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-lide at Whit stable, in the County of without any Amend-

ment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnachtwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinhold Seehl; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ship* of the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Line- of the Names and Rates of the Ships of the Line in

Progrefe (on the 31st of March lasty to be in the Water before the lft Day of May next.

Rnmbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

Turvey

Inclosure.

Park there called Richmond Parle, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his

Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Or- Laftage and der, a Bill for continuing several Acts passed for the Bailaitage i« better Regulation of Laftage and Bailaitage in the River the Thames: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Maidenhead the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Bridge, &c. larging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His Roa *' present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for further continuing an Act, made Italian in the Ninteenth Year of the Reign of His present Thrown Silk. Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Ninteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Canterbury

Boad.

&c.

Fafn&cht’s

Nat.

Seehl’* Nat

Benaud’ij&c.

Nat

Pitt’s Grant Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to of Land* at Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the

Petersham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Smuggling E. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to India ftluflins, consider of better preventing the Running and Relanding in this Kingdom, Mullins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Inches, or other Parts within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the ltunning and Relanding in this Kingdom, Mullins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter; and for stamping British or Irish Linen entered for the Bounty on Exportation.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

08 Ordered,

23 Geo. III. i a° Februarii. 181

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the Running and Re-landing in this Kingdom, Muslins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the

East India Company’s Charter; and for stamping British or Irish Linen entered for the Bounty on Exportation: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dutiei on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Wines, &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional " Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this ‘ Kingdom," as relates to the preventing the clandestine Importation of Wines in finall Calks, and landing the same in this Kingdom, without Payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Persons found Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for with lloufe- Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons upon whom breaking Implements for Housebreaking, or Offensive Weapons, ni ruments. ^a|| foutl(j in the Night-time: And that Mr. Secretary Tawnshend, Mr. Haworth, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Receiving The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Sto en . Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the receiving of Stolen Jewels, " and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary " and Highway Robbery, more penal," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, and for further preventing the receiving of Stolen Goods: And that Mr. Secretary Tawnshend, Mr. Haworth, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Newcastle Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to under Lyme whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Inclosure. of the Borough of Newca under in the County of Stafford, under their Common Seal, and of the Freeholders and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, w as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Vol. 39.

Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Parish and Borough, was read: And,

Mr. Caldwall being examined, said.

The Power by the said Act given to grant Leases of the said Marsh, wheu divided into Lots, being confined to the Space of Twenty-one Years, the Trustees find, that they cannot reap the Benefit they expected, and presume the Legislature intended they should derive, from the said Act of Parliament — That if the said Limitation was taken off, and Power granted for making Leases of the said Ixits of Ground of such a Length of Term as might induce Persons to build Houses thereupon, it would be productive of very considerable Benefit and Relief to the Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the said Parish and Borough.

That Heads of a Bill for the above-mentioned Purpose were read at a General Public Meeting of the said Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, and met the Approbation of all present

The Witness concluded with saying. That it will be necessary to make feme other Alterations in the Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing " and leafing a Piece of Waste Land called The Marsh,

" within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under " Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the " Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said " Parish and BoroughAnd that Sir John IVrottesley, the Lord Trentham, and Mr. Macdonald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, Trent and to whom the Petition of the several Proprietors of Mersey the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, whose Navigat‘on. Names are’ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and.that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, made in Sixth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Staff ord:

And also.

An Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His said Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Company of " Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The " Mersey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecasfle, in the " County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway from " thence to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to " make other Railways," were read: — And,

John Sparrow, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That the said Company of Proprietors have finished the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and also the Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecastle, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon.

Mr. Thomas Dadford, Engineer, being examined, said, That it is proposed, that the Termination of the Canal shall be a little beyond Froghall; and that instead of the present Railway, which is meant to be

3 A discontinued.

Lavrton, &c. Road.

Matters and Commanders.

182 12° Februarii. A. 1785.

discontinued, it is proposed to make one in a more level Line.

Mr. Sparrow farther informed your Committee, That there are large Arrears of Interest now due to the Proprietors of Shares in the said Company, which are proposed to be made Principal bearing Interest — and that some other Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Acts for the well conducting the Affairs of the said Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghaand a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford: And that Sir John Wrottesley and the Lord Lewisham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under " Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads

" therein mentioned," was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

John Sparrow, Esquire, being examined, said. That a great Progrei's hath been made in repairing the said Roads; in the doing of which, the Tolls, together with a considerable Sum of Money, taken up at Interest on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the Money lo borrowed is still owing, and that the same cannot be paid off, and the Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of , to Burslem

and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned: And that Sir John Wrottesley and Mr. Crewe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Matters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed on the 1 ft Day of November last.

Committee to whom the Petition of George ShanWs

and Company of Dundalk, in the County of Process for

and Kingdom of Ireland, Linen Manufacturers, is -reffi"g referred.

Barkings.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, American That there be laid before this House, Copies , of all In- LoyaMs-struftiens to Richard Oswald, Esquire, from any of His Majesty’s Ministers, on Behalf of the Loyalists in North America;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te„erS for ft. Year,^^^} 6,.

Tellers for the Noes.^; " W"-j 104.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies officers of of the Minutes of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs. Customs, containing any Complaint against any Deputy, or Deputies, of Officers holding by Patent for Term of Life, for Abuse, or Neglect of Duty, together with the Proceedings thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Fees of pies of the Minutes of the Commissioners of His Customs. Majesty’s Customs, on Complaints from Merchants, and others, concerning the Amount and Growth of Ices paid to Officers of the Customs, and their Proceedings thereon.

The Lord Mayor of London, from the Select Com- Corn and mittee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, Grain, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Com and Grain, within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned;" and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited.

And the Lord Mayor of London moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Rollc, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Matters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed on the 31st Day of last.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Matters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed on the 31st Day of March 1782.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the

R

Whitehill’s

Forfeiture.

33 <3eo. III. 130 Febfuarii.

Jovis, 13° die Fdbruarii;

Anno 230 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1783.

Prate rs,

MR. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Esquire,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for compelling John J Esquire, to return " into this Kingdom, and for restraining him, in case of " his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a " limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and " Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating " of the lame," was read: And,

The Agent for Mr. Whiteh delivered in to Your Committee, a Particular and Inventory of all the real and personal Estate, which Mr. was possessed of upon the ill of April 1781, or any Time after, with

I&3

an Account of the Manner in which the same had been disposed of; which Particular and Inventory is hereunto annexed: Then

Mr. Whitehill was called, who informed your Committee, that he left this Kingdom in November 1781.

And being asked, Whether he was at that Time under any Apprehension from his private Creditors? he said. He knew they might call on him, and he had it not in his Power to comply with their Demands if they had done so; that he had not at that Time Property in England nearly equal to his Debts, but he since has had remitted to him from Abroad between 20 and 30,000l.

And being asked, Whether he was in perfect Health when he lett this Kingdom? he said, No, far from it, being very much afflicted with the Gout.

And being asked, If he was able at that Time, to find Sureties to the Amount of the Sum required by Act of Parliament ? he said, He believed he should have found great Difficulty, he did not think he could have procured Suretiek immediately; that these Apprehcn-fions remained upon his Mind during the Time he was Abroad; and if Bail to that Amount had been procured, it would moll likely have brought his Creditors upon him.

And being asked, Whether the Bulk of his Fortune was then in India? he answered, Yes, and still is.

And being asked, If the Particular and Inventory, which had been delivered in to the Committee, was a full and true State of his Affairs ? he said, It was.

1

The PARTICULAR and INVENTORY of me John Whitehill, Esquire, according to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, of all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate whatsoever, in Europe, the East Indie, China, or elsewhere, which I the said John Whitehill

was seized or possessed of, or entitled to in my own Right, and which any other Person or Persons was or were foiled or possessed of, or in Trull for me, or to or for my Use or Benefit, upon the ill Day of 1781, or at any Time after (my Wearing Apparel, and the Furniture of any House or Houses belonging to me the said John Whitehill excepted) and an Account of the Manner in which the same hath been disposed of.

In the Year 1777, I purchased the Lease of a House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Queen Anne Street TVest, in the Parish of St.Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, for the Sum of 4,800l. and the same was by Indenture of Assignment, bearing Date the 2d Day of June 1777, made between Sir Henry Peyton, of the First Part, Sir Patrick Blake, of the Second Part, and me the said John Whitehill, of the Third Part, in Consideration of the said Sum of 4,800l. by me paid to the said Sir Patrick Blake, assigned to me for the Remainder of a Term of Ninety-six Years and an Half, wanting Ten Days.

In June 1777, I mortgaged the said House, with the Appurtenances, for the Sum of 4,500l. to General Joseph Smith, and during my Residence in India, in the Year 1780, having an Intention of promoting a Marriage betw een One of my Nieces and Thomas Lewin, Esquire, my Secretary at Fort St. George, in India, I did promiseto give him the said House, and the Furniture therein, freed and discharged from the Principal and Interest due to the said General Smith on the said Mortgage; and the said Mr. Lewin having, in my Absence, as my Attorney, been called upon by the said General Smith for the said Principal and Interest, he did thereupon pay to the said General Smith the Sum of 5,157/. 15s. 5 d.the Amount thereof, and an Assignment of the said Mortgage was thereon made and executed by the said General Smith to Mr. Lewin, in February 1782, which Assignment has not yet been executed by me, though I think myself bound in honour to execute the same in pursuance of my said Promise.

I have no Right Title, or Interest, nor hath any other Person or Persons whomsoever in Trull for me, any Right, Title, or Interest in or to any other House or Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Europe, the East Julies, or China, or in any other Place whatsoever, except the Estate in Tobago herein after mentioned.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies, Debts, Property, and Effects in Europe, as were due, owing, or belonging to me

on the ill of April 1781.

On the ill April 1781,1 was at Sea, in my Voyage from Madras to England, on board the Duke of Kingston East Indiaman, and had with me about 90 /. in Money -

ill April 1781, East India Stock ——

House in Queen Ann Street, promised to Mr. Lewin, as before-mentioned -Balance in the Hand of Coutts and C*, including Government Securities -D° in the Hands of Messrs. Charles Bourchier and James Bourchier Share in the Ship Vansittart, 3-16 -

£ s. d.

90-----

3,000-----

4,800 -

5,352 13 — 2,4*4 4 3 3,990-----

Vol. 39.

19,646 17 3

Vv hi tillin'* Forfeiture*

Bad

Bad

Bad

Doubtful

Doubtful

D*

D*

D°

D#

D*

Doubtful

Bad

Bad

Bad

Doubtful

Bad

13° Februarii,

Debts which, on the ist April 1781, or at any Time since, were due to me the said John Whit chill} from Persons resident in Europe.

Debtors Namts. Sums.

John Sullivan ---- 8,635 7 6

Rob* Latham - - - - - 50-----

---- Crozat ---- 1,836 5 8

Messrs. Admyrald and Son - - - 6,500 — —

Representatives of Captain Sam1 Hough 1,000----

Captain Brook Sarapfon - - - -. 300 — —

The Representatives of Edwd Stevenson - - - - 4,932 13 1

Remittances of my Property, which, on the lft April 1781, were on the Voyage from China and the East Indies; viz.

Bill on the East India Company, drawn by the Presidency of Fort St. George, dated ..... payable, ..... now in the Hands of my Attorney, Mr. Tho* Lewin - £. 8,081 16 9

Draft on Messrs. W" and Tho* Raikes, and Augustus Greenland

Esquire, for ---- 6,000----

A Set of Bills on the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, for 5,000-

Draft on Sir George Wombwell, Baronet - - - - 63-----_

Sets of Bills, amounting to 9,211 /. 2 s.9 d. paid into the Hands of Coutts and C*, the Bankers, and accounted for by them -

Two Sets of Bills, amounting to 7,114/. 18 s. 3 for which Cacti has been received, and Credit is hereafter given -

Two Sets of Bills, for 7,776/. 12 s. 4 d.not yet due, and now in the Hands of

Mr. Lewin, my Attorney - - -....

A Bill on the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by the Supra Cargo at China, not yet due, and now in the Hands of Mr. Lewin - Bill for Messrs. Gregory, Aratoon, Sheruman, and Otto Franks and C°, atA

Leghorn, for 6,000-----

D* upon Respondentia Bond on the Portuguese Ship Nostra Sen-tiora de Canne Sartita Enlara Calmus, payable by Santiora Domingo Comes Lorenza, and Manuel Joseph de Freitas

Guimarains, at Lisbon ---- 2,400-----

D° another Respondentia Bond for 2,400 — — - /

D°, by way of France, for ---- 2,014 l7 3

D° - -- - 707 9 6

D° - -- - 2,760----

D* - -- - 2,000 — —

D°, by way of Copenhagen ---- 522 11 —

Debts which, on the 1st April 1781, were due to me, the said from Persons resident in India.

Debtors Names.

The Nabob of Arcot old Fund -

D* New Consol. -

D° - - D°....

W" Duff - -....

Sam1 Statham -

Phineas Hunt ' - -

James Hodges -

Joseph Baker -

W" Sydenham -

Arthur Lylaght -

R. J. Sulivan -

Benj. Sulivan -

T. Orpin -

Sir Hector Munro -

---- D°....

Mr. Mainville - -

The Reverend Mr. Fabricius -

Mitchell Bum Knox -

Stephen Sulivan -

Rob' Gibbings, by Assignment of Rob* Smith Bird John Brighton, by Decree of Mayor’s Court — Bagot....

Sums., Pagodas.

2,800 -

8,000 -

4,285-----

19,326----

6.000 -

1.000 -

2,000 — — -

1,000 -

2,000 — — 9,000 -

10,000 — —

2,300 — —

200 -

2,496----’

20,200----

1.000 — —

1,500-----

200-----

3.000 -

11,723 28 — 86,037 29 40

500----

194,568 15 40| Pagodas, at 8 s. per Pagoda

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

23,254 6 3

Credit for these Sums hereafter given in the Account of Monies received.

19,144 16 9

9,211 2 9

7,114 18 3

7,776 12 4

3,137 5 i

All received, and herein after given Credit for.

18,804 17 9

77,827 7 —

Reverend

a 3 Geo. III.

130 Februarii.

Reverend Mr. Yate -

Total of my real and personal Property, on the lft of April 1781, including bad and doubtful Debts, subject to the Debts at that Time due from me, as next hereafter mentioned -

An Account of such Debts as were due from me on the ift of April 1781.

£ s. d.

To Peter Perring - -- -- - 17,937 10 —

To Ditto, for the Use of his Brother John Perring - - 930 7 6

Sir Tho* Rumbold - -- -- - 21,616 — 7

Cha' Bourchier, with Interest - - - 4,932 13 —

General Jof. Smith, with Inlereft - - - 5,157155

Owners of Ship Vansittart ---- 3,990-----

Rob* Smith Bird - -2,100-----

W" Petrie - -- 1,000-----

Captain Nutt - - 1,200 — —

Sundry Persons holding my Bills in Europe - 2,726 13 4

Debts due from me to Persons resident in India.

To Joseph Martoot Jafeph Utterson Rob' Smith Bird

Pagodas.

15,000 — — 5,500 -

6,627----

8»o8i 16

3,137 5 not paid.

27,127-1

At 8$. per Pagoda j

An Account of what Part of the foregoing Debts and Remittances have been received since the ift April 1781, and what Part of the aforesaid Bills remain in the Hands of my Attorney, Mr. Tho* Lew in, this 7th February 1783, unpaid; -

Received of Mess. Coutts and C*. the Balance before mentioned to be in their Hands ift April 1781 -

D® of MelT. Bourchier, the Balance before mentioned to be in their Hands ift April 1781 ——

9 D* the afore-mentioned Bill on the East India Company, in the Hands of Mr.

- Lewin, not due - -- -- - 8,081 16 9

D* the aforesaid Bill on Raikes and C®, for - - - - 6,000 — —

D° the aforesaid Bills of the Victualling Office, for - - - 5,000-

— D® the aforesaid Bill on Sir George Wombwell - - - 63-

1 D® the aforesaid Bill on the East India Company, now in the *m

Hands of Mr. Lew in, not paid - - - 3,137 5 1

522 11

Received the several foregoing Remittances, amounting to £. 18,804. 17 s.9 d.viz. in Money - -

A Bond from Metzendorff, remains unpaid for

- 18,282 6

522

11

7,776 12 not paid.

1781." April 2.

May 8. 24. 31. June 27.

28.

27.

3*

6.

13-

14.

i>

22.

28.

Vol. 39.

Received of Mr. Crozat the before-mentioned Debt

Of Messrs. Admyrald and Son, the before-mentioned Debt of

Received Cash for the aforesaid Remittances from India, for

D® the aforesaid Remittances for -

Two Bills in the Hands of Mr. Lewin, not due, for

£. 18,804 17 9

7,776 12 4

An Account of the several Sums paid, lent, advanced, and expended by me since

the ift April 1781.

Miss Draper, my Niece -

To my Niece Mrs. Peinble -

To Insurance on Remittances by Lisbon -

To my Father Cha* Whitehill, Esquire, a Year’s Annuity -

To Mrs. Pemble, a Quarter’s Annuity -

To Mr. Peter Perring, in Discharge of a Debt due to him on Bond, dated April 1778, and of the Interest on other Bonds To paid Owners of Ship Vansittart, in part for a Share -To Mrs. Pemble, Mrs. Parsons, my Niece, and Mils Draper - -

To Tatterfal - -- 45 3 —

To Mackay, Upholder - - - - 90 — —

To Christie, Auctioneer - 97 19 —

To Avery, Organ Builder - 11510 —

To J. Blewart ---- - 50 26

To John Auther - 200 — —

To Mackay, Upholder - - - - 300 — —

3 B

185

£. s. d. 117----

186,035 3 5

61,590 19 10

10,850 16 —

72,441 15 10

5.352 13 2,414 4 3

6.000 -

5.000 — —

63-----

18,282 6 9

1,836 5 8 6,500 — . — 9.211 2 9

7.H4 18 3

61,774 10 8

200 — —

500-----

781 4 —

200-----

50-----

3.164 14 9

3,500 -

600 — —

Whitehill's

Forfeiture.

Whitebill’*

Forfeiture. June 30.

December 1.

7-

21.

26.

29.

1782.]an.23.

16.

25.

28.

February 7.

12.

25-

March 4. April 18.

24.

25-

May 17.

21.

June 8. July 5-»3-

13° Februarii.

1

To Bill Holder in India - - - -' - 60 — ~

To Mrs. Parsons - - 50 — —

Lent on the Assignment of a Mortgage on an Estate in Tobago -To Jones, Silversmith - - 105 4 —

To E. Nicholson, Haberdasher - - - t 82 —

To Bill Holder from St. Helena - - - - loo 15 — -

To John Clark - - 7 - - - 70-----

To Bill from St. Helena - 5°-----

To Captain Nutt - - - - 1,200-----

To Mrs. Pemble.....-

To Guillod, Coal Merchant - - -....

To Cha* Bourchier, Esquire, in Discharge of a joint Bond given by me and Edw* Stevenson to him -

To Mrs. Parsons ——

Lent to Duke of Rutland and General Monckton, on their joint Bond To Wickendon and C°, in Discharge of a Bill from Madras -To insurance on Share in the Ship Vaufittart -

Hatchett, Coachmaker -

To Rob' Smith Bird, in part of a debt of 2,100.

To D°, in Discharge of a Bill from Madras - -

To Cha* Whitehill, Esquire, One Year’s Annuity - -

To General Smith, in Discharge of Principal, Interest, and the fnterest on a Note payable at a future Day ——

To Mackay, Upholder -

To Mrs. Pemble ——

To Owners of the Vansittart, in further Payment of the Share purchased -

To Tho* Lewin, in Discharge of a Bill from Madras -

Paid Commissions and Charges upon Remittances from India to different Parts

of Europe, about .....* .

There is now remaining to be accounted for by Mr. Lewin, my Attorney -1 D* in the Hands of Lee and Ayton, Bankers -

Laid out in the Purchase of an Annuity, for my own and another Person’s Life ——

To House, Pocket, Equipages, Horses, Travelling, and other general Expences, since my Return to Europe, about -

London, 7th February 1783.

John WhitehUt.

£. s.

6,000-----

2,542 15 6

200----

65 12 —

4,932 13 l 500-----

1.000 — — >

300-----

788 14 — 219 14 6

700-----

766 13 4

200-----

5,i57 15 5

400-----

100-----

500 — — 1,600-----

2,700-----

12,282 2 5

19 16 3

6.000 -

5,803 3 5

61,774 lg »’

r

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

s*. James Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

(Westminster) whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of

Paying. Houses

in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of WcJlmmjler; and also, the Petition of several principal Inhabitants of Bury Street, Charles Street, Panton Square, Arundel Street, Tyler Street, Vine Street, Little Saint James's Street, and Thatched House Court, within the Parish of Saint James, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and also of those Parts of Coventry Street and Princes Street as lie within the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, several Acts made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, were read; from which it appeared, that Power was given to certain Commissioners, to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof — Then

Another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was also read; by which it appeared, That the Power of making Contracts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the greatest Part of the Streets

07

and other Places within the respective Parishes, and of doing and performing several other Matters and Things* relating thereto; and also the Power of raising Money for those Purposes, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and vested in a certain Number of Inhabitants of each respective Parish, who were annually to be appointed by the Vestry to be Committee Men for those Purposes — And

Mr. Luke Idefon(Clerk to the Parochial Committee for the Parish of Saint James) being examined, said. That the paving of all the Streets and public Passages within the said Parish, over which the said Committee have any Controul, is completed (except foinC finall Courts and Yards where the Inhabitants are poor); and the same are properly cteanfed and lighted; in doing which a Debt of 26,650/. has been contracted, and the Sum of 23,318/. 15 s.Part thereof, still remains unpaid.

That the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee of the Parish of Saint James, is attended with a eonfkierable Annual Expence, the Average of which, for the last 6 or 7 Years, has Annually amounted for the said Parish to 146/. for which the Parish receives no Benefit, and the Interference of the said Commissioners is now become unnecessary.

And the Witness added, That if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners were to be abolished, and proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish were given to the Vestry, and a Committee of the Inhabitants, the different Works would be better and more conveniently executed, and at a much leis Expence, than at present.

Then

23 Geo. III. 13" Februarii. 187

Then to prove the Allegations of the Second-tachtioned Petition, Mr. Ideson, informed your Committee, That the Streets, called Optional Streets, within the said Parish, have been paved under the Direction of the General Commissioners at a great Expence - -That the Inhabitants of most of the said Streets are at present rated at from 2 s.6d. to 3 in the Pound — That the ~ paving, cleansing, and lighting of the said Streets, might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Management thereof was put under the Direction of the Vestry and Committee of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of West minand for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Covent' Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

Garden whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens,

Paving,4c. Vestrymen, and several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the City and Liberty of Westminster-, and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Chandos Street, Bedford , King Street, Part of Rose Street and New Street, Tavistock Court, James Street, Part of Great and Little Hart Streets, Russell Street, Bridges Street, York Street, Tavistock Street, Southampton Street, Henrietta Street, and Covent Garden, in the Parish of Saint Paid, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the iaid Petitions, and had directed hhti to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeih; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years Of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Laues, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminslet and Parts adjacent, were read; from which it appeared, that Power was given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants, for defraying the Expences thereof — Then

Another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was also read; whereby it appeared, That the Power of making Contracts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the greatest Part of the Streets and other Places, within the respective ParishcS in the said City and Liberty, and of performing several other Matters relating thereto; and also the Power of railing Mohey for those Purposes, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and Veiled in a certain Number of Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who are appointed Committee Men for those Purposes, subject in foniO Cafes to the Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners.

Mr. James Tapper, Clerk to the Parochial Committee For the said Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, being examined, said. That such Part of the said Parish, over Which the said Committee have any Controul, hath been paved; in doing which, a Debt of 2,4501, has been contracted, and the Sum of 600 Part thereof still fetnains urtpaid.

That the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee of the Parish Of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, is attended with a considerable Annual Expencfe, for which the Parish receive no Benefit, and the Interference of the said Commissioners is now become unnecessary.

Add the Witness added, That if the PoWef and ‘Itfrildiction of the said Commissioners were to be abo-Vol. 39.

IHhed, and proper Powers fdr paving, cleansing, and lighting such Part of the said Parish as aforesaid, were given to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Veltrymen of the said Parish, the different Works would be better and more Conveniently executed, and at a much leis Expence, than at present.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Tapper informed your Committee, That the Streets, called the Optional Streets, and Places Within the said Parish, have been paved under the Direction of the General Commissioners, and a considerable Debt hatli been incurred — That the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and Places might be more conveniently done, and at a much mori . moderate Expei ce than at present, if the foie Management thereof were vested in the Rector, Churchwardens, And Veltrymen of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of

Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Cecil IVray, Mr.

For, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to St. Martin’s

whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers in the Fields of Houses in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, Paving, within the Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Petition of the several principal Inhabitants of Northumberland Street, the several Streets and other Places in York Buildings, the several Streets and other Places in The Adelphi, Salisbury Street, Little Russell Street, New Street, Great Suffolk Street, Panton Street, Hwngerford Street, and also all those Parts of Coventry,

Little Saint Martin's Lane, Drury Lane, Cecil Street, and Chandos Street, as lie in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields: and also, the Petition of the Occupiers of tioufes in that Part of Great Drury Lane which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, were sevendly referred: Thai the Committee had examined the blatters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; smd afterwards delivered it ih at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-menfioned Petition, several Acts, made in the Second, Third,

Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets,

Squares, Lancs, and other Places, Within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, Were read; by which it appeared, that Power was given to certain Commissioners to make Rates oh the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof — And another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Was also read; by which it appeared, that the Power of making Contracts for paving, ctearrfing, and lighting the greatest Part of the Streets and other Places, within the respective Parishesj and of doing and performing several other Matters and Things relating thereto; and also the Power of raising Moriey fdr those Purposes, were taken from the Commilffiohers appointed by the said Acts, and veiled in a certain Number of Inhabitants of each respective Parish, who were Annually to be appointed by the Yeltry, te be Committee Mert for those Purposes.

Mr. EitwurdWaters being then examined, said,

That he is Inspector for the Parochial Committee of the said Parrlh of Saint Martin in the , under whole Management and Direction the Pavement of tha the greater Part of the Parish has bren eoinptetecM-Arid

Mr. Joseph Hollbeing examined, said, That the

Parish

188 130 Februarii. A. 1783.

Parish have incurred, and (till owe, a very considerable Debt, in making and maintaining the said Pavement.

Mr. Watei's being again examined, said, That the Streets and public Passages within the said Parish, under the Controul of the Committee, are well and sufficiently clean fed and lighted; that the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee of the Parish of is attended

with a very considerable Annual Expence, for which the said Parish does not receive any Benefit, and the Interference of the said Commissioners is now become unnecessary.

And the Witness added, That if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners were to be abolished, and proper Powers for paving, clean sing, and lighting such Part of the said Parish as aforesaid, were given to the Vestry and a Committee of the Inhabitants, the different Works would be better and more conveniently executed, and at a much less Expence, than at present.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Waters informed your Committee, That the Streets, called Optional Streets, within the said Parish, have been paved under the I)ireclion of the General Commissioners at a great Expence, and a considerable Debt has been incurred on Account thereof — That the paving, cleansing, and lighting of the said Streets, might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Management thereof was put under the Direction of the Vestry, and a Committee of the said Parish.

To prove the Allegations of the Last-mentioned Petition, Mr. Waters being again examined, said, That a small Part of the Street, called Great Drury lies within the Parish of Saint Mary , but

the Whole thereof was paved together, under the Direction of the said General Commissioners, under the Optional Clauses; and an Account hath been kept of the Expence thereof, separate from the other Streets and Places in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand — That the Money borrowed for the paving thereof, Hands charged upon the Houses and Estates within the Whole of the said Street; and that the paving, cleansing, and lighting of the said Street may be more conveniently and effectually done, if that Part thereof, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary le , be, for those Purposes, put under the Care and Management of the same Persons, under whose Care that Part of the Street lying in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields is to be placed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Alartin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and such Part of Great Drury Lane as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

St. Anne Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

OVestminster) whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and avu,£' several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of We*; and also, the Petition

of several principal Inhabitants of Gerrard Street, Greek Street, Dean Street, Frith Street, Macclesfield, and Nassaio Street, all in the Parish of Saint Anne, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and of those Parts of Princes Street, and Little Saint Martin's Lane, which are in the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

03

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, were read; from which it appeared, that Power wa9 given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof — Then

Another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was also read, by which it appeared, that the Power of making Contracts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the greatest Part of the Streets, and other public Places within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and of doing and performing several other Matters and Things relating thereto; and also the Power of raising Money for those Purposes, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and vested in a certain Number of Inhabitants of each respective Parish, who were Annually to be appointed Committee Men for those Purposes — And

Mr. Christopher Fowler, Clerk to the Parochial Committee of the Parish of S Anne, being examined, said, That the Whole of the Streets and public Places in the said Parish, under the Controul of the Committee, have been paved according to the Direction of the said Acts, and are properly cleansed and lighted; in doing of which a Debt of 7,200 I. was contracted, of which the Sum of 4,400 /. now remains unpaid.

Mr. David Salter, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Saint Anne, being examined, said, That the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee, has been attended with a considerable Expence, to the Amount of upwards of 498 /. from the Year 1772 to the Year 1781, and for which the Parishes receives no Benefit — Then

Mr. Thomas Banfield, One of the Parochial Committee of Saint Anne's being examined, said, That the Interference of the said Commissioners is now not only become unnecessary, but occasions a very considerable Annual Expence — And the Witness further added, That if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners were to be abolished, and proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting such Part of the said Parish as aforesaid, were given to and vested in a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, he apprehends the same would be done better, and at a less Expence, than at present.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. David Salter said, That the Streets, called the Optional Streets, within the said Parish, have been paved under the Direction of the General Commissioners at a great Expence — That the Inhabitants of those Streets are at present rated from One Shilling and Six Pence to Three Shillings in the Pound — And

Mr. Thomas Banfield further laid. That the paving, cleansing, and lighting of the said Streets might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the lole Management thereof was put under the Management of a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Cecil I Cray, Mr. Fox, and Mr.

Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

whom

23 Geo. III. 13° Febru. 189

St. Margaret's, Westminster, Paving.

whom the Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for " lighting some of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and " Places in, the Parishes of Margaret and " John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at " present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, " passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, " and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other " Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, " and Parts adjacent, and for preventing Nuisances " and Annoyances in or near the fame; and for " making an Opening from Orchard Street, and " widening some Part of Wood Street, and of Little " Peter Street," was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. George Byjicld being examined, said, That the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, as far as the Money they were impowered to borrow, and the Time they have had, would enable them to do — That the Sum of 900l. has been raised, pursuant to the Powers given by the said Act, and the same has been expended, besides a Debt which they have contracted of upwards of 100 /.

That, in consequence of Orders Annually made by both Houses of Parliament, no Carts, Waggons, Drays, or other such Carriages, are permitted to pass through Old Palace Yard, during the Sitting of either House} and that there are a great many Wharfs, Ware-houses, Brewhouses, Sugar Houses, and Manufactories, situated to the South of Old Palace Yard, through which is the usual and direct Way to the fame, from all Parts of the Metropolis — That, in pursuance of the said Orders, a very great Number of Carriages with heavy Ladings, are compelled to go a contiderable Space round, and through the Streets and other Places, called The Little Almonry, Great Almonry, New Way, Part of Orchard Street, Saint Anne's Lane, Part of Peter Street and Wood Street, within the said Unitdd Pa-riffies of Saint Margaret and John, the Pave-

ment of which is thereby, and from the Narrowness of almost the whole Tract, become so very ruinous, as to be injurious to Carriages and their Tackle, and dangerous to Cattle drawing the fame: The Witness having been informed, that within these few Years, several Horles have been killed in passing along those Places, bolides several which have been maimed — -That another Cause of the said Pavement’s being in inch bad Repair, is that the Houses in the said Tract have for several Years past been annually diminishing in Rent, and most of them (particularly the Houses in Saint Anne's Lane) are lb far gone to Decay, as either to be entirely uninhabitable, or let to Tenants so poor as not to be Objects of Taxation.

That the Streets and Places comprehended in the said Act, being excluded by the (General Acts for paving Westminster, from the Provisions thereof, the

Petitioners did not derive the linallelt Advantage from the Sum of 12,000l. given towards the paving of Westminster, out of the Surpluses of the Orphan's Fund in London, but such Portion thereof as was allotted to the said united Parishes, was expended in repairing the Pavements of Parliament Street, 'Lhe Bridge Streets, George Street, and others of the belt Vo l. 39.

inhabited and highest rented Streets within the lame, notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the Streets included in the present Act, together with the Persons concerned in the Wharfs and other Places before mentioned, and those whose Cattle and Carriages are injured by the Badness of the Pavements, considerably contribute to the Duty on Coals, from which the Monies lb granted arise.

That the Pavement of the Streets and other Places through the Tract before mentioned is so bad, and in many Parts so broken up and destroyed, as to require entire new paving; the Expence of which is much too great for the Parish to bear, and the Inhabitants of the said Streets and Places are totally incapable of raising Money sufficient for that Purpose amongst themselves.

And the Witness produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of new' paving the before-def bribed Streets and Places, which amounts to the Sum of 1,503/. gs. 3d. and said, He was concerned in making it; and that it has been made as low as poffihle — That he has shewn it to several Tradesmen conversant in making Estimates, who approved of it — Then

Mr. James Air mo (Surveyor to the Admiralty and Victualling Office) was called, who confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Wrottesleypresented to the House, accord- Lawton, &c.

ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Road-Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford,' and other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, accord- Newcastle

ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act passed in the under Lyme Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign Inclos‘jre' intituled, "An Act for inclosing and lealing a Piece " of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the " County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Parish and " BoroughAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, accord- Trent and ing to Order, a Bill to amend and render more eft’eftual Mersey several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and ISavl°ll:on' Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley be added to the Dunnington Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Heath inclo-in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fure‘

Right Honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, accord- Ditto, ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 C Admiral

Catwater

Harbour.

190 130 Februarii. . 1783.

Admiral Darby reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of Stephen Drew, of Stoketon, in the County of Cornwall, and William Dunsterville, of Plymouth, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for cleansing, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of

uter, lying near Plymouth, in the county of;

" and for the cleansing and keeping clean the Pool, " commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth " aforesaid," was read; whereby it was enacted, That Benjamin Joules, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should, at his and their own proper Costs, dear and cleaofe the said Harbour of Catwater, and tire said Pool, called Sutton Pool, in Manner therein particularly mentioned, and under the Direction of certain Supervisors therein named; and that he and they should, from the 25th of March 1710, have the foie ballasting and unballafiing of all Ships and Vessels in the Harbours and Waters, called Plymouth Sound, Hammoaze, Catzvater, and Sutton Pool, or within the Road between Saint Nicholas Island and the main

Land; to bold the said foie Privilege of ballasting and unballafiing for Seventy-one Years; and the said Act ascertains what Rates should be paid for ballasting and unballafiing, and was to continue in Force for Seventy-three Years — And

Mr. John Bud informed your Committee, That certain Shoals and great Banks of Sand, which have been caused in the said Harbour of Catwater, by the Tides and Violence of Storms, have not been removed and carried away, nor the Water flowing over 4he Middle Bank or Middle Ground deepened, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Supervisors thereby appointed have, not of late Years inspected, supervised, or given any Directions whatsoever in relation to the Undertaking of the said Benjamin Joules, and the Performance and Execution thereof, nor made any Orders relating thereto.

And the Witness further said, That the said Harbour of Catwater, is separated and divided from the Sea, called Plymouth Sound, by a Peninsula, or small Neck of Land, called Mount-Batton Field, which was formerly fenced and secured on the West Part thereof towards Plymouth Sound, by a strong Wall, long since destroyed and beat down by the Violence of the Winds and Seas, by which great Quantities of the Soil of the said Peninsula have been washed away; and unless the said Wall be rebuilt, there is great Reason to believe, that by the high Tides and Violence of Storms, a thorough Breach will be made from Plymouth Sound through the said Peninsula, into the said Harbour of Catwater, which will entirely ruin and render unfit the said Harbour for any Ships or Vessels to be or lie therein. — Then

Mr. Drezo, the Petitioner, informed your Committee, That he and Mr. Dunsterville have made Proposals for undertaking, at their own Costs and Charges, to deepen and cleanse the said Harbour, and to keep clear and cleanse the fame; and also to rebuild the said Wall at Mount Bat ton, and secure the said Peninsula or Neck of Land from being washed or destroyed, upon receiving such Encouragement, and under such Regulations, as to Parliament dial I seem meet; and that the Expence of building the said Wall will amount to 4,500l.; the other Works will be an Annual Expence — Then

Mr. John Bidcock, a Builder, was called, who said,

e.

He would undertake to build the said Wall for the above Sum; the Dimensions of which is proposed to be 320 Feet in length; the Height above the Beach 15 Feet; and to be 7 Feet thick at Top, and 11 at the Bottom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, clearing, and rendering more safe and commodious, the Harbour of Catwater, within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And that Admiral Darby, Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Mr. Parker, and Mr. Rolle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Newgat* Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Gaol. Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, wherein the Sum of 20,000l. was granted towards rebuilding His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, were read: And,

George Dance, Esquire, Surveyor to the City of London, being examined, said, That the said Gaol of Nezigate being under the immediate Care and Direction of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, they have proceeded with all possible Dispatch to lay out the Money so granted by Parliament, in fitting up and providing different Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners, whereby the middle Quadrangle (which is now occupied as a Prison for Felons) with the Chapel and Lodge, is finished, the North, or Debtors Quadrangle, is also very nearly finished, and will be fit to receive Prisoners on or before Lady Day next.

That a spacious Infirmary is built and finiftied, the Cells for condemned Prisoners substantially repaired and improved, and a defective Part thereof rebuilt; the Press Yard paved, and the Passage for conveying the Prisoners to the Sessions House arched over, in order to prevent Escapes.

That in the Prosecution of this Business, there has been expended the Sum of 18,105/. 10 9 (includ-

ing the Sum of 1,428/. os. 5 d.for Fees and incidental Charges) and the Sum of 1,947/ 13 s. 2 is due for (inishing Works contracted for and nearly completed, which makes together 20,053/. 3s. lid.

That the Estimate of the Works necessary for restoring the South Quadrangle, rebuilding the Keeper’s House, and making a covered Way at the Entrance of the Sessions House, for the Convenience of the Judges and Magistrates, whose Attendance is required, amounts 109,460/. 35. 3 d.which being added to the said Sum of 20,053/. 3$. lid., makes in the Whole (Fees and incidental Charges kocluded) the Sum of 29,513 I- 7s. 2d.

Mr. William Montague, Principal Clerk in the Chamberlain’s Office, being then examined, said, That there is a Balance out of the Monies already granted by Parliament, of 1,894/. 9s. 3 now remaining in the Chamber of London, which, 'with the further Sum of 9,513/. 7 s.2 d.will be necessary to defray the Charges of completing all the Woirks, agreeable to the said Estimate.

Mr. Dance being further examined, said, That in order to provide for every contingent Expence, which may unavoidably be incurred in unforeleen Articles attending the Execution of the I Forks, the Sum of 10,000l. will be fully sufficient for the effectual

Completion

33 Geo. III.

130 Februarii.

191

Array — Paymaster General's Office.

Importation of Rice, &c.

Representa-non in Parliament.

Completion of the whole Plan; and to provide a Room for the Accommodation of Witnesses, which is much wanted.

And the Witness further said, That every Attention hath been given to reduce the Expence of the several Works, so far as was confident with the Strength and Security of the Prison; and he added, That the said Gaol of Newgate is not only the Goal for the City of London and County of Middlesex, but is in reality the Gaol of the whole Kingdom, in respect to Smugglers, State Prisoners, Pirates, and Debtors to the Crown.

Mr. Montague, being further examined, said, That the speedy Completion of the Works remaining to be done, is necessary for the Safety and Convenience of the Public, but that the City of London have no Fund applicable to that Service.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General " of His Majesty’s Forces:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inequality of the present State of Representation, though derived from a Variety of concurrent Causes, appears to the Petitioners to be m no Instance more remarkable than in that of the Privileges of Election exercised in Towns by a very small Proportion of the Inhabitants, to the Exclusion of the rest, who feel themselves destitute of the first Constitutional Rights, a Share in the Electron of those who are chosen to represent them; and that the Two Representatives for Lyme are elected by the Corporation, consisting of a Mayor and Fifteen capital Burgesses, and a few Honorary Freemen, most of whom live at very considerable Distances from the Town; and that the Town of Lyme is an ancient and well-inhabited Town, consisting of more than Six hundred Inhabitants, of whom upwards of One hundred are regularly assessed to the Parish Rates; to the Wisdom and Justice of the House, the Petitioners therefore respectfully apply, praying that their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted in the Premises, as shall appear best adapted to the State and Circumstances of the Town, agreeable to the Principles of Representation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Knare {borough Forest Inclosure.

A Petition of the Right honourable Alexander Lord Loughborough, and the humble Petition of Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, and Daniel Laseelles, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners obferye, by the Votes, that by an Order of the House, made in the early Part of this Session, the Time for presenting Petitions for Leave to bring in Private Bills was limited to the 6th Day of February Instant; and that the Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves, and of divers other Persons, being Owners of a considerable Part of the late Waste Lands, containing Vol. 39-

upwards of 20,000 Acres, lying within the District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, which have been lately inclosed by virtue of Two Acts of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, proposed applying to Parliament for a Bill for explaining and amending the said Acts, and reviving certain of the Powers therein contained; but the Petitioners then conceiving, that such Bill would from its Nature have been considered as an Estate Bill, they meant to have applied, in the ordinary Course, for Leave to have presented such Bill id the first Instance to the House of Peers, but now find it expedient to make some Variations therein, which are of such a Nature as to make it necessary, by the Rules of Parliament, that the said Bill should originate in this House, which the Petitioners were not aware of till since the Time as limited for bringing in Private Bills had expired; and therefore praying, That the House will so far dispense with their said Order, as to permit the Petitioners at this Time to present their Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Two several Acts, and for reviving certain of the Powers therein given and contained.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Alexander Lord Loughborough, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, and Daniel Laseelles Esquire.

Then a Petition of the Right honourable Alexander Lord Loughborough, and the humble Petition of Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, and Daniel Laseelles, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves, and of divers other Persons, being Owners of Lands heretofore lying open and uninclosed, within the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, or being interested in other Lands in the said District, called The Two Hundi'ed Acres, still being open and uninclosed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two Acts of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, upwards of 20,000 Acres of Waste Land have been allotted to the Persons entitled thereto, within the aforesaid District, and great Parts thereof have been inclosed and improved at an immense Expence; and that, by the said Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Provisions were made for the Protection of certain Springs of Medicinal Waters at or near Harrogate, within the said District, and for allotting 200 Acres of Land, Part of the said Wastes, near unto the said Springs; and it was thereby enacted, That the said 200 Acres should remain for ever open and uninclosed, and that all Persons should at all Times have free Access to the said Springs, and In-gress and Regress in and upon the said 200 Acres, without any Molestation; and, that the said 200 Acres should be a feinted Pasture, to be enjoyed by such Persons, and in such Manner, as in the said Act is directed; and that it was by the said Provisions meant and intended, that the said 200 Acres of Land should be levelled, drained, and laid out into Rides and Walks, and a sufficient Number of Trees planted thereon, for Beauty, Shade, and Shelter, for the Recreation of Persons referring to Harrogate for the Benefit of the said Waters; and, for that Purpose, the said 200 Acres were, by the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, so allotted as to extend from the principal Place of Residence of the Nobility and Gentry, during the Seasons for taking the Benefit of the said Waters, at or near the Village of Higher Harrogate, to the Village of Lower Harrogate, where the said Springs arise, but such good Ddigns and Intentions have been hitherto fruitrated; and that, no Provision having been made by the said Acts for ascertaining and settling, or for giving any Powers whereby may be settled, the Extent and Boundaries

of

192 130 Februarii.A. 1783.

of the several Townships or Constableries in the said Wallbridg near the Town of Stroud; and also a Col-

District, over the said Waste Lands, great Doubts and lateral Cut from the said Canal at or near

Difficulties have arisen in the Adjustment of Rates and to or near the Town of Cirencester, all in the County

Taxes, as well amongst the Assessors thereof, as amongst of Gloucester': And that Sir William Guise, Mr.

the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the Mr. Barrow, Mr. Blaclewell, Sir William Codrington,

said new Inclosures; and much Strife, Variance, and and Mr. Webb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Controversy have already arisen, and are daily arising

in respect thereto, and the same cannot be quieted, The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Edinburgh and the Boundaries established, but by the Authority Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heretors of Shire Statute of Parliament; and that Provisions were also made the County of Edinburgh, whose Names are thereunto Work, by the said first-mentioned Act for effecting and con- subscribed, for themselves and the remaining Heretors firming Exchanges of Lands within 'the said District, of the said County, was referred; That the Com-and many Exchanges were made in consequence thereof, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and other Persons are desirous of making further Ex- and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-changes between each other, which would be to their peared to them, to the House; and he read the Remutual Advantage; but Doubts have arisen whether port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the such Exchanges will be now legal and effectual, unless Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as the said Powers were revived: And therefore praying, followeth; viz.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several several Purposes aforesaid. Members present informed your Committee, That the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- present Laws for obliging Occupiers of Land in the said sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine County to do Statute Work, or to work for a certain the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear Time Annually, in the Repairing of the Highways and to them, to the House: Roads within the same, are attended with many Incon-

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe. the Lord Beau- veniences in the Execution. — That if certain Regulations

champ, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liachl&de Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to

Canal. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners,

Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and the adjoining Counties,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Whitworth and Mr. Benjamin Grazebroo/c, Surveyors, being examined, said, That they have explored the Country between the Navigable Part of the River Isis and Severn, and find that a Communication between those large and extensive Trading Rivers the Thames and Severn, by a Navigable Canal, is practicable.

That it appears, by Levels and correct Surveys which they have since taken, that a Navigable Canal may be conveniently made from and out of a Navigable Part of the River Thames and Isis, at or near Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or near Stroud, in the said County, there to communicate with the Stroud Canal Navigation, which passes into the River Severn; as also, a Collateral Branch from or near Siddington to or near the Town of Cirencester, whereby the Two great Rivers will be united, and a Communication opened between the Port of London, and the principal Trading Towns in the Kingdom by Means of the different Canals and Rivers communicating with the Severn.

And the Witnesses added, That the above Work will be attended with great public Utility, by promoting the Circulation of Trade, lowering the Price of Carriage, improving the Landed Interest, and will be a great Relief to the Poor, and tend to preserve the public Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Canal at

were made, the Statute Work would in future be properly exacted, and pecuniary Conversions ought in certain Cafes to be taken in lieu of Work, and applied in making the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and the Lord Maitland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Children of Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Natural-born Anne, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing Foreign Subjec!sProtestants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further explaining a Clause in the said Act, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain: And that Mr.

Dempster and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Duties on Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, Tobacco.

" An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon " Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in small Packages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Wines, &c. ferred to consider of lb much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several " additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported " into this Kingdom," as relates to the preventing the clandestine Importation of Wines in small Calks, and landing the same in this Kingdom without Payment of Duties, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

23 Geo. III. 13" Februarii.

193

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional

teDuties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this " Kingdom," as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines, except French Wines, to be imported in small Calks for private Use, be repealed.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Laftage and A Bill for continuing several Acts, passed for the better the Thame Regulation of Laltage and Ballaltage in the River was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, were read; from which it appeared, that Power was given to certain C'ommissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expences thereof. Then

Another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was also read; by which it appeared, that the Power of making Contrafts for paving, cleansing, and lighting, greatest part of the Streets, and other Places, within the respective Parishes in’ the said City and Liberty, and Parts adjacent, and of performing several other Matters relating thereto; and also the Power of raising Money for those Purposes, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and vetted in a certain Number of Inhabitants of such Parishes respectively, who are appointed Committee Men for those Purposes, subject in some Cafes to the Controul and Direction of the said Commissioners. And

Mr. Herbert Robertson, Clerk to the Parochial Committee for the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, being examined, laid, That the greatest Part of the said Parishes have been paved; in doing which, Debts amounting to 21,650/. have been contracted, and now stand charged upon the Estates of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses in the said Parishes — That the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee of the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George

Smuggling East India Mullins, &c.

Maidenhead Bridge, &c. Roads*

St. Giles and St. George Bloomsbury Paving.

Mr. Ordepresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for the better preventin'! the Running and Relanding in this Kingdom, Mullins, Callicots, Nanquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter; and for ttamping British or Irish Linen entered for the Bounty on Exportation: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and tram the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Elxccs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses and other Buildings in the United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Occupiers of Houses in those Parts of the Streets called Holborn and Drury Lane, which lie in the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee (had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Vol. 39.

Bloomsbury aforesaid, is attended with a considerable Annual Expence, for which the said Parishes receive no Benefit, and the Interference of the said Commissioners is now become unnecessary.

And the Witness added, That if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners were to be abolished, and proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting, such Part of the said Parishes as aforesaid were given to the Vestrymen, the different Works would be better and more conveniently executed, and at a much less Expence, than at present.

Then to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robertson informed your Committee, That the Streets called Optional Streets, within the said Parishes, have been paved, under the Direction of the General Commissioners, at a great Expence; for defraying which they have incurred a very considerable Debt — That the Inhabitants of the said Streets are at present rated from Two Shillings to Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound — That the paving, cleansing, and lighting, of the said Streets might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Management thereof was vetted in the Vestrymen of the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, in the County of Middlesex, as within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also the Petition of several principal Inhabitants of Arundell Street, Norfolk Street, Surrey Street, Howard Street, Butcher Rono, Part of Clements Lane, Blackmore Street, Clare Street, Hollywell Street, Vere Street, and Peter Street, or Denzel Street, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, in the County of

3 D Middlesex,

St. Clement

Danes

Paving.

194

13* Februarii. A. 1783.

Middlesex, as within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and aUb of those Parts of Stanhope Street,

Street, Cedi Street, and Drury as lie within the said Parish; and also the Petition of the Occupiers of Houses in that Part of Wyche Street which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary k Strand, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, were severally referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as. they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethviz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Filth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, were read; from which it appeared, that Power was given to certain Commissioners to make Rates upon the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof. Then

Another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was also read; by which it appeared that the Power of making Contrafts for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the greatest Part of the Streets, and other public Places, within the respective Parishes in the said City and Liberty, and of doing and performing several other Matters and Things relating thereto; ana all'o the Power of railing Money for those Purposes, were taken from the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts, and veiled in a certain number of Inhabitants of each respective Parish, who were Annually to be appointed by the Yeftry to be Committee Men for those Purposes. And

Mr. Matthew ChessaU, Clerk to the Parochial Committee of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, being examined, laid, That great Part of the said Parish hath been payed, according to the Directions of the said Acts, in the doing of which a Debt of 4,800 /. has been contracted, of which the Sum of 1,367/. ioj. remains unpaid — That the Controul and Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners over the said Committee has been attended with a considerable Expence, amounting in the Whole to upwards of 570/. from the Year 1771 to the Year 1782, and for which the said Parish receives no Benefit Then

Mr. Sampson Rainforth being examined, said, That the Interference of the said Commissioners is now not only become unnecessary, but occasions a considerable Expence — apd added, That if the Power and Jurisdiction of the said. Commissioners were to be abolished, and proper Powers for paving, cleansing, and lighting, such Part of the said Parish as aforesaid were given to and vested in a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, he apprehends the same would be done better, and at lei's Expence, than at present

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentionedi Petition, Mr. Rainforth laid, That the Optional S tree to and Places within the said, Parish have been paved, under the Directions of the General Commissioners; for defraying the Expence whereof a very considerable Debt hath been incurred for that Purpose.

And he further laid. That the paving, cleansing, and lighting, of the said Optional Streeta and Places might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence than at present, if the foie Management thereof was put under the Care of a certain Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Then to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. Rainforth being examined, said. That a small Part only of Wyche Street lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand; but the Whole thereof has been together paved by the said Commissioners,

by virtue of the Optional Clause in the Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, the City and Liberty of WestminsterThat an Account has been kept of the Expence thereof separate from the other Streets and Places within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand; and that the Money borrowed for the paving thereof Hands charged upon the Houses and Estates within the Whole of the said Street.

And the Witness added. That he apprehends the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Street may be more conveniently done, if that Part which lies in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand was put under the Management of the same Persons as the other Part of the said Street, lying in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, shall be put under.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of and such Part of Wyche Street as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Bung, Mr. Alderman Wilkes,

Mr. Fox, and Sir Cedi Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Exports and Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer- Imports, chandize, exported from and imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1778 to Christmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Army and of the lall Returns of the Army and Militia. Militia.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pains, &«. Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and on R"mbolcl Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter an<1 Pernu8‘ Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, CouQfellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coatl of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in;

And the Honourable Richard Walpole, being in his Place in the House, delivered in at the Table the several Papers, pursuant to the Order of the House of Tuesday lall.

Then the Counsel for the Bill proceeded further in their Evidence, and closed the Evidence in Support of the said Bill.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill was heard, to observe upon the said Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and' against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer officer* of have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of Customs. the Clock.

And be moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged1 to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in England and Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Cirofs Produce of the Employment, together with their respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for

Deputies

33 Geo. III. i3" — t4° Februarii. 195

Deputies end Clerks, fb as to shew the TbW! Net Vahte of the Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1772, 1773, and 1774.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Adjournment. n ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Barnard sir Thomas Clacering reported from the Committee,

sure*6 lnC °" to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields within the Township of Barnard in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Ten Pasture Gates, or Twenty-five Acres of Land in the Pasture; and allb, except the Owners of Forty-seven Days and a Half Work, or Thirty-five Acres and Three Quarters of Land in the Fields; and also, except several Persons rated to the Poors Rates of the said ParHh, to the Amount of 216/. 155. id. who refuted to consent to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property in the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of One hundred and Forty-five and a Half Pasture Gates, or 1 hree hundred and Sixty-four Acres in the Pasture, and of Six hundred and Twenty-one Days Work, or Four hundred and Sixty-six Acres and a Quarter in the Fields; and that the Whole of the Poors Rates within the said Parish amounts to the Sum of 2,360/* 13 s. 7 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppote the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to die House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Wilden Feny Mr. Anthony Eyre reported from the Committee, to toGainflw- whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Nation. aV1* Owners, Tradesmen, and other Persons, residing

0 in the several Counties of Stafford, Derby, Leicester,

Nottingham, and Lincoln, and interested in die Navigation of the River Trent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Vol. 35).

Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for making " and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of " Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, Navigable," was read; tod

Mr. fVHham Jessop, Engineer, being examined, said.

That the Navigation of the said River is greatly obstructed by Shoals, and other Impediments — That he had made a Survey of it, and found Sixty-seven Shallows, of which there are Twelve Fords.

And being asked. What Depth were those Shallows ? he said, Upon the Shoal at Holme Ford, Seventeen Inches in the dry Seaibn; at Fiskerton, Twenty-seven Inches; at Hoveringham, Twenty-seven Inches; at Gunthorpe, Nineteen Inches; at Burton, Thirty-two Inches; at Stoke, Twenty-five Inches; at Church, Nineteen Inches; at Eighteen Inches;

at Chilwell, Twenty-nine Inches; at Thrumpton, Twenty-

nine Inches; at Moses’s Mouth, Thirty Inches; at Sawley, Seventeen Inches. — Being asked, If it was practicable to make those Fords of a proper Depth? he laid, It was. — And being asked, What was the Depth of Water he proposed in those Fords which are not navigable ? he said he meant to allow Eighteen Inches moveable Water; which Deepening might be done according to the Estimate. — Being asked, What Burthen a Vessel must be to carry Eighteen Inches Water? he said, When new, and in good Condition, and of the largest Size now used upon the Trent, they will carry Twenty-four Tons; but when old. Twenty-two Tons — That Ten Tons could not pass the Fords at present — That the Shoals have less Water upon them than the Fords — That he has made Two Ellimates. — And being asked, What was the Subject of the other Estimate ? he said. To make it capable of carrying Vessels drawing Two Feet of Water — That the Amount of that Estimate was 7,064/. and an Annual Ekpence of 1,330/. — That the Amount of the Estimate annexed to the Petition is 4,431/- and an Annual Expence of 795/. — And being asked, What Tonnage would that carry? he laid, Under similar Circumstances, Vessels of Thirty-six Tons. — And being asked, What Burthens do the Vessels bear which are now used upon the River ? he said. Probably they will carry Forty Tons. — Being asked, What is the shalloweft of all the Shallows? he said. He thought on Dunham Rack, which is Eight Tenths of a Foot. — And being asked, Supposing the Profit to answer the Expence, and not taking the Fords into Consideration, would a greater Depth of Water than Eighteen Inches be more beneficial? he said, It would. — Being asked, How many Fords exceed Twenty-four Inches in Depth ? he said. Seven out of Twelve — That Thirty-two Inches was the greatest Depth of any of those Fords — That the least of the other Five, which do nbt exceed Twenty-four Inches, is Seventeen Inches deep — That be means to make the Channel of the River nowhere less than Thirty Feet in Breadth; but in many Parts he means to allow more. — And being asked, Whether the River was capable of a greater Depth than Eighteen Inches ? he said, It was capable of being made any Depth at a greater Expence. — And being asked, Whether he conceived any Inconvenience would arise from deepening the Fords to the Depth of Twenty-five or Twenty-six Inches ? he said, If he was a Land Owner, he would prefer a Ford of Twenty-four Inches, flatted even at Bottom, to an uncertain one of Eighteen Inches. — And being asked, Whether Carriages and Horses muke a Difficulty of fording at Thirty Inches deep? he said, He believes not. — Being asked. Whether he proposed making any1 Side Cuts ? he said. No.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That at present, Boats and Vessels navigating upon the said River are haled by Men; but that if Power was given

Earl of Pembroke's

Estates.

Birmingham

Canal.

196

given to hale them with Horses, it would save One Half of the Expence, and the Navigation on the said River would be attended with greater Expedition and Convenience. — And he added, That the Attainment of those Objects would complete the Communication with the Port of Hull, and greatly tend to the Encouragement and Increase of Trade carried on in the Neighbourhood of the said River, and consequently be of public Utility.

Mr. Joseph Wilkes being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to haling with Horses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called WildenFerry, in the Counties of Derby

and Leicester, or one of them, to , in the County of Lincoln, and for empowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses: And that Mr. Anthony Eyre, Lord Edward "Mr. Medows, and Mr. Melhsh, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elites took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elu es reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Elites accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kymardston, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great and

Burbage, in the said County, expectant on certain Estates Tail, and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the tame may be barred by proper Methods in Law for the Purposes therein mentioned.

And Mr. EL ccs moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kynwardston, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the said County, expectant on certain Estates Tail, and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law for the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Ekces and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors, of the Birmingham Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the mingham Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the Two last mentioned Petitions (no Person having appeared in Support of the first-mentioned Petition); and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

4. 1783.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

An Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines: And also,

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to rectify a Mistake in the said Act, and to explain and amend the fame; were read.

Mr. John Houghton being then examined, laid, The Canal from Birmingham to Bilston, and thence to Autherley, hath long since been completed under the Powers of the said Acts, as have the several Collateral Branches therefrom to certain Coal Mines: — And

Mr. Samuel Bull being examined, said, That there are several other Tracts of Land near the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, in which there are valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone.

Mr. Houghton being again examined, said, That the extending of such Canal and Collateral Cuts up to the Mines mentioned by the other Witness, with additional Collateral Cuts, and also extending the said Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazelcy, in the Parish of Tarmorth, in the County of Stafford, may be a Means of inducing the Proprietors of the O.iford and Coventry Canals to complete the lame, and thereby form a Communication between the said Mines and other Mines on the Line of the present Birmingham Canal, and the said Oxford and Coventry Canals;. as also between the Counties of Buckingham, Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick, and the Ports of Bi'istol, Liverpool, and Hull; which would be productive of great commercial Advantages to those Counties, and the Public in general.

Mr. Bull being again examined, said, He had had many Years Experience in making Canals, and particularly for Fifteen Years as principal Engineer to the O xford and Coventry Canals — That it is very practicable to make the Extensions of Canal and Collateral Cuts specified and described in the Plans annexed to the said Petitions; and that a Supply of Water, amply sufficient for the Purposes of a complete and useful Navigation, will easily be procured and kept up.

Your Committee then examined John Smeaton, Esquire, who said he had seen the w hole Tract of the Country through which the said Extensions of Canal and Collateral Cuts are intended to be made, and very carefully examined the Supplies of Water that may be procured for their Use; the Result of which Examination was, a full Assurance, in his Opinion, that there must be Plenty of Water to be had for the Purposes of Navigation on the said Extensions of Canal and Collateral Cuts; and that, if the Demand for Water should be greater in the Course of Time, by Means of an Increase of Trade thereon, the greater will of course be the Quantity of Water to be procured from the Mines, beyond what will be necessary for the Supply of the Extensions' and Collateral Cuts.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition,

John Meredith, Esquire, Agent for the said Company of Proprietors, being examined, said, That the Company are willing and desirous to undertake the making of the Extensions of Canal and Collateral Cuts above-mentioned, as specified in the Plans annexed to their said Petition; and that the Individuals who have signed the said last mentioned Petition, are very considerable Proprietors of the present Birmingham Canal.

Ordered,

140 Februarii.

23 Geo. III. I40 Februarii, 197

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbromzcich, to Broadwa Fire Engine, and to make

Six small Collateral Cuts from the lame, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the l’arish of Tam-worth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham: And that the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wilden Ferry The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, to Burton to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Navigation. rc* Eaget, Baron of Beaudesert in the County of Stafford, Owner and Proprietor of the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of Isaac Hawkins, Sampson Lloyd, NehemiahLloyd, Charles Lloyd, Joseph Wilkes, Thomas Wilkes,\John Simmcnds, Abraham Hoskins, Henry Evans, John Wyatt, Thomas Wyatt, John England, Richard Dear man, and Sampson Freelh, Lessees of the said Navigation, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills,

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Whitworth, Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Navigation of the said River is much impeded, and many Delays in Trade occasioned, for Want of a proper Towing rath to hale their Vessels with Horles, which would be done with more Expedition, and at Half the Expence of the present Method of drawing by Men — And added. That the Lessees of the said Navigation are willing to make Compensation for the Property necessary for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, "and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses: And that the Lord Lewisham, Sir JohWrottesley, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Papers re- The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from speAing East the Directors of the East India Company, attended at n ia Affairs. j)oor j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to The House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Customs and Duties paid by the French East India Company in Bengal, from September 1765, to the Difsolution of the Company: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Secret Department, containing the Report of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, Chief Engineer there, of the State of the Ditch made by the French Factory near Chan-demagore, with the Resolution of the Governor and Council thereon: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Survey of the Ditch and Rampart constructing round the Settlement of Chandernagore, referred to in Lieutenant Colonel Campbell's Report: Vol. 39.

Also the State of the Ditch and Rampart of Chandema-gore, after the Demolition thereof by Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, the loth Septembei' 1769.

Together with a List of the said Account and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from Fishery 00 the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the American Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Co the House,

A Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated 3d February 1783, " That there be laid before " this House, An Account of the Number of Ships " employed from Great Britain, or the Illes of sey or Jersey, in the Fishery on any of the Coasts of " North America, between the ill of .1763,

" and the lft of January 1777."

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other

> Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inha- Re prefen ta-bitants in the North West Division of the County of tion in L’ar-Devon, whose Names are thereunder written, was pre- lament, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to Two Subjects of Reformation, which the Petitioners conceive essential to the Preservation of the Constitution; one of them relates to the present Duration of Parliament, the other to the Mode of elefiting the Representatives of the People; and that the Petitioners learn, from a late Resolution of the Commons, " That the Influence of the Crown hath " increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished;" and gratefully acknowledge the Reform already begun in the Expenditure of the public Money, and consider it as a happy Prelude towards completing and confirming a Purpose, the Necessity of which so high an Authority hath so wifely and forcibly pointed out, and which, the Petitioners apprehend, can only be effected by shortening the Term for which Representatives are elected, and reforming the Mode of their Election: When the Number and Qualification of the Electors shall have been regulated and improved by the Wisdom of the Legislature, the best and most independent Men of the Country will be called into its Service by the disinterested Voice of the Nation: Such Men will be above the Reach of that Influence, whose baneful Effects the Petitioners have long felt, and much lamented; and that the more frequent Occasions upon which Representatives must account for their Conduct, will either keep them firm to their Duty, or enable Electors to dismiss them more speedily from a Trust which they may have betrayed; and that the Petitioners do not presume to dictate how far the Remedy they petition for should be extended, dr in what Form it should be applied, but complain of an Evil that they feel, and only point out the Cause from which it manifestly arises: It is, however, with great Concern that the Petitioners fee Boroughs, very inconsiderable in themselves, using every Measure still to lessen the Numbers of their Electors, and exclude Persons of Weight and Property, by which Means Venality is become so flagrant and enormous, and the Object of Temptation so alluring and irresistible, that Self-Interest too frequently prevails over general Benefit;

3 E at

Laftage and Rallaluge in the Thames.

Renaud’s>&c.

Nat.

SeebPs Nat.

Articles of Peace with Prauce, &c*

Pains, &c. on Rumbold and Perring.

198 140 Februarii. 1 1783.

at the same Time there remain large Distri&s, containing numberless Freeholders aHnoft without a Shadow of Representation, groaning under heavy Burthens of Taxes, which the generous Inclinations of the present Number of County Members can but feebly attempt either to lighten, redress, or lee properly accounted for: And therefore praying, That the Wisdom of Parliament will be pleased graciously to regulate the Inequalities and Disorders the Petitioners complain of; for as they are ready chearfully to contribute to the Defence of their King, Laws, Liberty, and Property in a just Proportion, lb they hope to share the common Advantages of a fair and more equal Representation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinhold Seehl, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Preliminary Articles of Peace between Great Britain, France, and Spain, and the Provisional Articles between Great Britain and America, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Townshend, upon the 27th Day of January last,

be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for adjourning the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring,

Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, till Tuesday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Commissions and Powers, by virtue of which Provisional Articles were respectively agreed upon by and between Richard Oswald, Esquire, the Commissioner of His Britannic Majesty, for treating of Peace with the Commissioners of the United States of America, in Behalf of His said Majesty on the one Part, and John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens, Four of the Commissioners of the said States for treating of Peace with the Commissioner of His laid Majesty, on their Behalf, on the other Part.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as. are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Commission, with their Names and Rates, on the 20th of January last: And allb,

A Lift of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Commission, with their Names and Rates, on the 31st Day of March last: And also,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines borne and muttered on the 1 ft Day of last:

And also,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines borne and muttered on the 31st of March last: and also,

A Lift of the Names and Rates of Ships of the Line in Progress to be in the Water before the 1 ft of May next.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, such Part of the State of the Negociation with Holland, as far as relates to the giving up any Place in the East Indies, now in the Possession of His Majesty’s Arms.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate for the Year 1783, Ordnance Land Service.

Mr. Steele allb presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Report on the Estimate of the Ordnance for 1783.

And the Tides of the said Estimate and Report were read.

The laid Estimate and Report are as followeth; viz.

STATE

Address — Commissions for treating withAmenca,

Ships inCoro-mission, &c.

Negociation with Holland.

Ordnance

Estimates,

aj Geo. Ill

14° Fdmarii.

Ordtt&hMi

jEftimirtw*

STATE of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the feme can at present be ascertalned: — P7z*

- i l. a' V / ‘ f -<

DEBENTURES matte tot, tod unpaid:

For Stores supplied and Services performed j - -

Sundry Freights.....-

Gunpowder - -

Small Arms - - *' -

Brals and Iron Ordnance, Shot, and Shells -

£. t.

618,675 4

- 107,804 7

- ' 135,244 ^3

- 131,949 7

295,269 3

1,288,942 16

d.

6

2

5

5

10

4

The Remainder of the Debt^ not ascertained by Debenture, i9 estimated as follow^;

Hire of Storeships and Bomb Tenders to 31st December 1782 Hire of Artillery Hoffes, Condu6tors and Drivers, to 31st December 1782 ——

Due to sundry Persons for Salt Petre — for Interest on Imprefts, and for Services performed, and Accounts not adjusted to 31 December 1782 - Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Fleet in the East Indies, payable in January 1783 -

Warrants and Orders issued for Supply of Stores, Carpenters, Masons, and Bricklayers Work and Materials, on Account of the several Fortifications and Repairs in Great Britain, to 31 December 1782, the Bills for which are not delivered in, but are supposed to amount to about ——

£. s. d.

101,814 — 4

16,382 10 2

9*>~U 15 9 18,578 8 ft

200,000-----

435,560 14 9

1 ^724,503 11

1

Note — In the Amount of the Debt, as here Rated, is included the following Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in 1782, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to 819,259/. 2

819,259 2 9

Which when paid will reduce the Debt to

- £.

905,244 8 4

i in m mi n a

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, purfoatit fb His Majesty’s Orders, and

not provided foT by Parliament in 1782.

NORTH AMERICA:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery Expence of Transports - -

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekeeper for1 Extraordinaries - - - - - -

Small Arms sent to New York and South'Carolina

0k/ o#

127,428 11 48^050 15

4,006 — 19,802 —

d.

11

dO d*

7 4

NOYA SCOTIA:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - ' D* - -- -- - drawn by the Storekeeper at Halifax, for Extraordinaries - - J -

Expence of Transports - -> - -

Brals and Iron Ordnance sent - -

w

1,487 19 1

3,200-----

2,023 —

2,289 5 —

9,000 14 1

Vo t. 39.

ISLAND

Ordnance

Estimates.

200

140 Februarii.

ISLAND OF ST.JOHN:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn for erecting Fort Charlotte

PROVINCE OF QUEBEC:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery -

D* - -- by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries -

Expence of Transports -

Artificers Tools and Materials sent to Quebec -

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery D° ---- for Contingencies of the Barracks

Expence of Transports -

Brais Ordnance, Powder, and Stores sent to St. John’s -To replace Stores, &c. captured on board the Milk Maid -Intrenching and other Tools -

WEST INDIES AND JAMAICA:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery, Leeward Islands - -

Expence of Transports to the Leeward Islands - -

D° - - - to Jamaica -

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries, at Jamaica - -

D*' - ----- for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery

at D* -

D* - -- -- - for building Barracks at St. Lucia -

D* - -- -- -- at Bermuda -

Purchase of Stores for Effecjuebo and Demerari -Small Arms sent to Jamaica - -

D° - - - - to the Leeward Islands -

Brafe Ordnance and Stores sent to Antigua -

EAST AND WEST FLORIDA:

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery at East Florida -

D° - -- -- - drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries at D° -

D° ---- at West Florida -

D° - - for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery,

at D* - ....

D* ---- for Works at D# -

For Skins used for the Defence of Mobile, by Order of the Lieutenant Governor ——

AFRICA:

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at Senegal and Gambia Purchase '"

Expence of Transports ‘ " 1 Officers a of Powder

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange from Goree, with the Pay of Officers, and Disbursements for Works -

Timber and Materials for erecting Barracks at Goree -

EAST INDIES:

Expence of Transports ——

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Artillery Staff.

9.

30,464 18 10

4,679-----

19*79 10 1,687 1 11

*57 »9 — 5*353 9 2,596 4 — 1,930 8 11 1,902 12 9 546 9 4

8,169 16 9

385 1 8

506-----

4,140 — ?

1,565 17 6

6,176 15 —

666 -

A. 1783.

£. 9. d.

7,993 ---

56,710 11 5

12,586 16 9

14,053 15 9

31,377 7 4

18,179 7 3

2,259 — 6

4,088 4 8

3,899 — —

224 16 2

650 15 —

4,050 — —

831 13 4

10,468 4 6

3,326 15 3

1,580 ,

1,928 6 8

7,465 12 9

2,815 15 4

2,789 16 4

90,082 4 6

19,906 6 4

14,766 16 7

6,842 15

GIBRALTAR;

23 Geo. III.

140 Februarii.

GIBRALTAR:

Augmentation to Company of Artificers, Raising and Pay, from 1 September to 31 December -

Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores lent -Expence of Tranl'ports lent to Gibraltar -

Imprefts for Bills drawn by Order of tl.e Governor - £. 51,283 9 61

The Value of Ships funk by Order of D* - 14,342 9 — J

MINORCA

Expence of Tranl’ports - „ - -1 - m - - __ - „

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange drawn, and the Value of a Ship funk by Order of the Governor -

JERSEY*

Powder and Stores sent

GUERNSEY:

Bra& Ordnance and Stores sent - -

IRELAND:

Pay and Victualling Two Hulks in Dublin Harbour -

SCOTLAND:

W v -

Barrack Bedding lent to Lerwick, in Shetland - -

Imprefts for Bills of Exchange on Account of the new Works at Lerwick -D° for a Battery at the North Queen’s Ferry, and at Inch Garvie For a new Battery erecting near Leith -

For Rent of the Lands of Fort William, due to his Grace the Duke of Gordon - ~ _

Hire of Artillery Horses in Scotland -

Regiment of Artillery and Engineers:

Additional Superannuated and Half Pay Officers and ^Men

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Staff -

Tents, Camp Equipage, Forage, and Incidents -

Hire of Artillery Ilorfes - -. - -

Arms, Tepts, and Ammunition for the Army:

Arpis to Two Regiments of Dragoons, Three of Foot Guards, Regiment of Artillery, &c. -

Additional Supply of Ammunition to the Foot Guards Ammunition to lundry Regiments for Service- " -

Tents to sundry Regiments at Home and Abroad -

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition, for Militia:

Arms delivered to Sixteen Regiments of Militia -Ammunition to Thirty-seven Regiments of Militia -Ammunition to Volunteer Regiments and Companies Tents supplied to sundry Regiments of Militia -

PLYMOUTH DISTRICT:

Small Arms, Ammunition, and Intrenching Tools -

Barrack Bedding sent to Plymouth -Intrenching Tools sent to Plymouth

Vo l. 39.

3 F

<£ s, d'

1,075 16 — 15L903 n — 119,303 3 1

65,625 18 6

2,014 8 3 12,543 14 10

328 9 4

4,813 14 4

352 — 7

942 1 3

3,889 3 2

1,082 13 8

1,074 1 7

3,938 5 —

5,930 — 5

39,254 17 8

21,432 3 8 804 8 2

2,522 10 — 15,696 11 7

6,192 11 8

2,448 18 1 1,121 — 8 8,444 — 1

10,095 11 3

222 8 4 465 3 4

20 r

£. s. d.

337,908 8 7

14,558 3 1

3,462 4 4

1,816 10 10

2,881 19 2

11,408 2 4

50,197 4 8

40,455 13 5

18,206 10 6

The

Ordnance

Estimates.

{j

204 <4 ° Februari 1783,

Fflw, nce Tents and Camp NecnOaries sent to Pendennis Castle - te#‘ Iron Ordnance and Stores Tent to Pendennis Cattle - - - D° - - - - to Dartmouth »---- - - D* - - - to Torbay ---- PORTSMOUTH: Barrack Bedding feqt 1 Intrenching Topis p* + *--- £. S. 227 2 6 £. s.

f 1*266 14 — 1,321 3 3 2,890 13 4: 1*207 15 6 2*113 10 3 . 16*488 16 — 3,32i 5 9

DOVER:

Intrenching Tolls feqt - 5 202 8 4

CHATHAM:

Intrenching Tolls - -- -r*'*’*' - H m 10,699 9 3

> V LANDGUARD FORT and HARWICH: Barrack Bedding lent to Landguard Fort - Ire© Ordnance sent tp Harwich - *' 170 5 — 355 10 1 525 15 1

YARMOUTH ROADS:

Iron Ordnaqce sent for Batteries there * - - - s 5 - - *. 9,498 11 11

RIVER HUMBER: Pay, Victualling, and Expences for Two Hulks £ S " 3 - 12,339 19 l

The TOWER:

Intrenching Tools for Store --§55- 5 E 10,440 2 5

SALT PETRE: Paid the Claimants of the Zeepart for a Cargo in 1779 -Paid Damages by blowing up of a Mill at Feverlham -Paid to John Townshp, Esquire, for Salt Petre - - 7,39 6 9 61 13 5 30,542 2 l 37,994 2 3

FOREIGN SERVICE:

Brafe and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores ordered to be sent - 4*,304 10 6

DeduCl - Voted for 1782, for Bills of Exchange - 0 5 c -D* - - Voted for D, for Hire of TVanfports - UNPROVIDED 1 91,507 12 6 »37,ii9 »4 3 1,047,886 9 228,627 6 9 819,259 2 9

ESTIMATE

1$ Geo. lit t4* Pebruaflt. 403

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Yfear 1783:

LANDSEEVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerics, and\ Attendants, employed at the Tower - - - -J

And at the following (Places; viz*.

Woolwich ——

PurHeet -

Gravesend and Tilbury - - - - *

Chatham -

Upnor Castle ——

Sheemels ——

Feverlham ——

Dover -

Portsmouth ——

[ Priddys-hard ——

Plymouth -

Isle of Man ——

f Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and S'. James’s

o. . fPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester, Carlisle, Berwick, I

Storekeepers Xinmouth Castle> Clifford’s Fort> Hull> Yar-i

[ mouth, Landguard Fort, Guernsey and Jersey -J Rent for Use of Land and Houses -

«£. S. d. 15,066 18 --

1»334 io — 54i 5 —

?55-----

too -

86----

380 -

290-----

120 — — 814 15 — 265 — — 644 i5 —

166-----

226 — - —

520-----

518 15 —

£. t. d

21,762 18 —

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - 1,888 5 —

Establishment of the Office of inspefikor of Artillery, and for proving Guns 923 7 6

Establishment of the Superintendant of Military Machines - - - 282176

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

34,857 8 —

Ray of Civil Officers( and Artificers at

/'North Britain -

Gibraltar - -

S*. John’s and Placentia in Newfoundland . East Florida - -

Quebec -

New York -

Halifax -

Goree -

Jamaica -

Ray bf Mailer Gunners at tire several Garisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at S'. James’s Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles - - -.- - - - L

Charges incident to the Tower and the several other Forts and Garisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, and Postage of Letters - -

Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Pallifades, making New and repairing Old Carriages, in the several Forts and Galties in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Eumishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, 8Cc. and repairing the lame, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Shot, Ladles, Spunges, Flags, and other small Stores, for the common Duty of Regiments and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey - -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers, purfoant to His Majesty’s Warrant 18th November 1782 Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, eonfifting of 5,337 Men, Officers'! £. s. included; purfoant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 31 October 1782, from> 73,633 16 1 January to 30th June 1783 - - - - -J

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 3,302 Mety Officers included; purfoant to His Majesty’s Warrant, from 1 July to 31 7 55,739 14 December 1783 - - , -

Establishment of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of Driughtfmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons; purfoant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 4 September 1782 -

Pay of foperannuated and disabled Men — Half Pay of reduced Officers — Widows Pensions — and Allowances to Officers for good 8etVteeS} purfoant W His Majesty’s Warrefrts Money to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer; for Fees on the Sum of 1,449,871/. 15s. 7 d.being the Ambunt of this Estimate -

Fee to be paid to the Auditor and Chief Baron, for passing this Account -

V4u ift.

Ordinary ---<£

12,428 14 —

554 10 — 1,329 5 — 1,277 10 —

657-----

843 10 — 328 10 — 602 5 — ' 556 12 6 182 io —

3»4i6 17 6

18.000 — —

15.000 — — 6,079 4 1

6.000 -

2.000 -

10,414 13 4

1*9*373 n ~ i>744 5 —

2,042 11 —

17,818 11 4

2,400-----

313 6 8

233.363 6 11

E X T R A O R-

Ordnance

Estim&tts.

Ordnance

Estimates.

204 14 0 Februarii.1783.

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NORTH AMERICA, and the WEST INDIES:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, &c. on the Artillery Staff ^-Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery To answer Bills of Exchange expected to be drawn by the f New York Storekeepers, for Extraordinaries at - - - - \ Jamaica-

Brass Ordnance and Stores ordered to be sent to Jamaica

10.000

35.000 3,000 2,000 1,340

s.

NOVA SCOTIA:

d.

4

£. *. d.

51,340 — 4

To answer Bills of Exchange expefited to be drawn by the Storekeeper, for Extraordinaries at Halifax -

For a Supply of Stores at D° - -

PROVINCE of QUEBEC:

To answer Bills of Exchange expelled to be drawn by the Storekeeper, for Extraordinaries -

For a Supply of Stores ordered to be lent -

4.000

2.000

6,000-----

3,765 11 —

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, f S* John’s, &c.

Storehouses, and for the current Service, at - Placentia -For additional Works at S'. John’s -

For a Supply of Stores - - - ’ -

6.000 -

400-----

2.000 -

2.000 -

EAST FLORIDA:

To answer Bills of Exchange, expected to be drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries -

10,400 —

1,500-----

EAST INDIES: Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff

.GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers For a Supply of Stores - -

To answer Bills of Exchange expected to be drawn

JERSEY:

To complete the Works - -

For a Supply of Stores -

GUERNSEY:

To complete a new Fort - -

For a Supply of Stores - -

SCOTLAND:

4,492 10 10

10.000 -

20.000 -

748 5 —

34,492 io io

10,000-----

2,000-----

12,000-----

7,100 — — 2,000-----

9,100----

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

4,000 -

PORTSMOUTH.

2 3 Geo. lit. 14® Febfuarti.

t

PORTSMOUTH:

For repairin'* the old Works and Buildings in the Garrison -For Repair*, and for additional Buildings at the Gun Wharf -For Repairs at various Places in the Pdrtlinouth Division -For improving the Works at South Sea Castle - -

Towards improving the Works at Cumberland Fort -To wards completing the new Works for inclosing the Dock Yard -Towards building an llospital - -

For Money to be paid to the Navy Board, for strengthening the Sea Wall now building near Haflar Hospital, in order to render the same useful for Defence ——

Towards completing a Fort with Barracks at Fort Monckton -"Towards building a Fort at Stokes Bay -

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs at the Lines, Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, &c. For completing the Powder Magazine at Keyham Point, Wharf, Tiers, and Canal -

For Reforms at the Lines of Dock -

Towards completing the Field Works on Maker Height and Staden Hill -For Timber for Pallifades, Platforms, Bridges, &c. in all the different Works - -

Towards erecting a new Fort on Maker Height -

Towards eroding a new Fort at Merryfield -

Towards building an Hospital - -

For Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores -

CHATHAM:

For improving the Lines -

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham For Repairs at Upnor Castle -

SHEER NESS:

To complete Craig’s Battery -

To pave the Calemates under the Cavalier Battery

To finish the Roof and Inside of the Guardhouse -

Towards finishing the Covert-way of Fort Tow nlhend -

To raise One of the Bastions on the Left, near the Hospital

To build a Powder Magazine -

To make a Sluice and Redoubt -

To the necessary Repairs of the Garrison -

To complete the Machinery for the Wells - -

GRAVESEND axd TILBURY:

Towards repairing and improving the Works -

For Repairs of the Magazines and Buildings -

Towards keeping in Repair the Communication at Gravesend

DOVER:

To complete the new Works on the Heights, and repairing the Powder Magazine ——

For Repairs at Dover Castle, and other Places within the Cinque Ports -

LANDGUARD: To complete the new Works -

YARMOUTH ROADS:

Towards keeping up and completing the several Works, and for a Store-house -

£. s. d.

4,264 4 11

3.723 6 9

2,048 1 8

3,376 19 4

5,000 — —

5,000 — —

L372 — —

3,400-----

li,048 11 2

i 0,000 — —

4,305 1 8

5,041 1 6

530 l6 1

3,79° 8

4,7/0 16 8

10,000 — -

10,000 —

i,372 —

3,772 15 7

Q,4o5----

1,000----

250-----

564

5i

562

2,500

900

2,355

L493

300

500

11

3

12

8

9

10

4.000 -

1.000 -

1,744 17 6

4.000 — —

1.000 — —

105

£ s. d.

49>233 3 16

43,582 19 6

10,655 ~

9,226 16 id

6,744 17 0

5,000-----

5,000 — —

Vol. 39.

3G

2,000--

SUNDERLAND;

Ordnance L It u nates*

Ordfiaace

Efti mates.

20 6

140 Februarii.

SUNDERLAND:

For Repairs of Works and erefiting new Batteries for Defence of the Port ——

NEWCASTLE, &c.:

For repairing and making Alterations at Clifford’s Fort and Tinmouth Cattle, and erecting new Batteries for the Defence of the River Tyne -

For Repairs at -

JH U L L -[LIVERPOOL

WOOLWICH:

Towards erecting new Buildings in the Warren -For building a Chapel at the New Barracks -For erecting a new Powdei Magazine -Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of the

Laboratory 5,687 6

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

SHIPPING;

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports -

REGIMENT of ARTILLERY and ENGINEERS:

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff in England, to 30th

June.....1,629----

For Hire of Artillery Horses, Conductors, and Drivers - 4,637 11 1

On Account, for Contingencies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery

FOREIGN SERVICE:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, &c» on the Artillery Staff ordered on Foreign Service, to 31st March -

SALT PETRE:

Two hundred Tons

Extraordinaries Ordinary -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries Unprovided -

Richmond, &c.

A. 1783'

£. <*. d.

7.000 -

3.000 -

3,230-----

2,843 *3 1

6,266 11 1

5,000----

i,332

d.

S

275

5°°

5°°

1*

i6,o73

13

83,64s

11,266 11

.u3

i5

W. Howe, T. Pelham.

G. Craujord,

J. Aldridg,

J. Kenrick.

REPORT

as Geo. III.

I40 Febru

207

REPORT on the Estimate of the Ordnance, for the Year 1783.

The Estimate for the Ordnance* which I have the Honour to lay before this Honourable House, being very different from those which it has been customary to present, I think it my Duty to submit the Grounds upon which I have thought necessary to deviate from the Plan of former Estimates.

The Two main Objects of Estimates seem to be,

lft, To know what will be the whole Amount of the Expence for the' Year.

2ndly, To have a Distribution of that Expence under distinct Articles.

But the Estimates of the Ordnance, as hitherto presented, do not appear to me to answer either of these Ends.

The Arrangement of Ordnance Estimates has been very properly made under Three Heads;

The

UNPROVIDED,

ORDINARY,

AND

EXTRAORDINARY.

The Unprovided is not properly an Estimate, but an Account of Debt incurred in the preceding Year without the Authority of Parliament; and consequently ought to consist only of such very few Articles as could not be foreseen, but which Emergencies made necessary to provide.

The Ordinary and Extraordinary form the Estimate for the enfiling Year.

The Ordinary should contain a true Account of the whole Establilliment and Expences that are of a permanent Nature, and likely to occur every Year.

The Extraordinary should contain a Computation of such Expences as are Temporary, together with the probable Cost of New Works.

To what Degree the Estimates hitherto delivered have been correct Materials to shew the whole Expence necessary to be provided, will be seen by comparing the Ordinary and Extraordinary for feme Years palt, with the Exceedings that appeared in every subsequent Year under the Head of Unprovided.

If the Ordinary and Extraordinary had been formed upon just Calculations, the Exceedings under the Head of Unprovided in a subsequent Year could have been but trilling; whereas it appears that for the last Seven Years the Unprovided has upon an Average exceeded, by 116,924/. 8s. 4 d.in each Year, both the Ordinary and Extraordinary put together; so that in Fadfc the Requisition to Parliament has every Year been considerably leis than Half the Sum really wanted.

But even this subsequent Charge of Unprovided by no means closes the Account: as a Statement of Debt, it ought to state the Whole of the Debt; but it does no such Thing: A large Arrear of Undischarged Debentures remains behind till the End of the War, when there appears a vast Debt, of which Parliament has not had the least Knowledge, either as to its Extent or Causes, although it has been continually accruing, whilst Estimates and incomplete Accounts of Debts have been Yearly presented.

This Debt at the Close of the last War was 595,423/. 2 s.Sd. — It is now near Three Times that Sum.

Besides these Defects in the general Statements of the Ordnance Estimates, they are equally deficient in giving either a distinct or genuine Account of the Articles that are stated.

Vox.. 39.

One Article in the Ordinary is called, 4‘ the Ordi- Report on " nary of Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Ordnance " Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores 1,1iniategfor Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and Incident Charge So strange a Mixture of heterogeneous Matter feeir.s rather to confuse than explain, and moreover is not a genuine Account of their Cost, which appears to have constantly and considerably exceeded the Charge delivered to Parliament. This Charge in the Estimates has uniformly, for many Years, been identically the same Sum of 36,092/. Js. 6d. although the Expence of Office has been increasing, although Repairs and Incident Charges mult from their Nature be continually varying, and in Fact the actual Expenditure has been 69»395/-

From these Observations it appears, that the 'Whole of the Estimate on the former Plan cannot be satisfactory; Charges are made under various Heads for Money, but the Articles for which it is voted have no specific Relation to the real Expenditure. A grols Surh is obtained for Land Service, which, together with tba/t received for Sea Service, forms an aggregate Fund, from whence various Expences, very different from those in the Estimate, are in Part defrayed; and what can heft wait accumulates as a Debt, hereafter to appear in one lumping Sum before Parliament, in the shape of Outstanding Debentures, unaccompanied with any Account to shew how it has been incurred, or how the Money has been actually employed.

The present Estimate endeavours to avoid these Defects. I-t begins by stating the actual Debt, made up as correctly as could be collected, amounting tb L7-24.503/- *</

It next states, under the Head of Unprovided, the Exceedings in 1782 beyond the Grants of Parliament, which, from the Deficiency of last Year's Estimate, were unavoidable; but notwithstanding the vast Demand so ' Gibraltar, they have been lb kept within Bounds, as b by 80,464/. 12#. \od. leis than they were the Year lx lore.

The Distribution of this Expenditure in the Unprovided, formerly made under the Head of the several Articles supplied, is now arranged under the Head of Places where the same has been incurred, which it is presumed will appear more distinct. The whole of this Article amounts to 819,259/. 2 swhich when paid will reduce the Debt to 905,244/. 8s.: And this,

from the most accurate Calculations which the Office could produce, closes the Account, and, it is believed, leaves no Arrear whatever behind.

The Ordinary of the present Estimate brings forward the whole Establishment of Office of every Kind, and divides it, with much greater Accuracy than heretofore, under the distinct Head Of Places Where the Expences Were incurred. It amounts to 233,3631. 6 11 d.

Under this Head it may be proper to observe, that various Salaries in the Civil Establishment have received an Augmentation of 1,973/. 16 s. 4 since last Year, in order to give competent Incomes to the Persons employed in lieu of Perquisites, private Fees, and private Agencies, all which are now entirely abolished. But this Increase of 1,973/. 165. 4 dhas, by the Savings made in consequence of new Regulations for the Cdn-duct of Proofs of Powder and Ordnance, and by restraining the Expence of Coach Hire, Messages, and other Articles, been reduced to 964/. 155. 3 in present; and when the Salaries of sundry Offices now suppressed, amounting to 1,170/. 7*. 6 which are to cease with the present Possessors, shall fall in, there will be no Excess, but a Saving of 205/. 12 3d.

The Corps of Engineers composed entirely of Officers, which forms another Branch of the Ordinary, it is lup-poled will be thought necessary to be kept up.

The

2o8

14° Februarii. A. 1783.

Report on Ordnance Estimates,

The Royal Regiment of Artillery, immediately before the War, consisted of Four Battalions of Eight Marching Companies and Two Invalid Companies each; since which, each Battalion has beai augmented, One to Eleven, and the Three others to Ten Marching Companies, and the Invalids have been formed into a separate Battalion, also confuting of Ten Companies. The Establishment now proposed, leaves the same Number of Battalions and Companies, except One, but reduces One Officer and 48 Men Company from the War Establishment of last Year. The Reduction of Men will be amongst the Matrofles only, preserving the Serjeants, Corporals, Bombardiers, and Gunners, who are the best Men, and many of w hom would be entitled to Pensions on their Discharge. 'l'his Reduction will produce a Saving of 37.917/. 8 s. 4per Annum, which will take place in July next; and a further Saving of 9,976/. 135. 4 d.will be made by supplying the Vacancies of Serjeants, Corporals, Bombardiers, and Gunners, with Alatiofles only, till the Establishment of each Company is reduced to 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 3 Bombardiers, 53 Matrofles, and 2 Drummers.

It is further proposed, as fit Men can be found, to employ a considerable Part of the Regiment as Artificers and Labourers in the Laboratory, in making Gun Carriages, and in other Works at Woolziich, and the Out Ports, giving them only Half of what is now paid for such Business; w hereby it is computed that a Saving from Twelve to Fifteen thousand Pounds a Year may be made; the Duty will be more regularly performed; and the Regiment w ill have a Body of Artificers, always much wanted on Service.

The Superannuated Lift is a great but unavoidable Expence; a Variety of Pensions and ulelels Offices, which appeared in different Articles, are now brought all together under this, and they will cease with the present Possessors. But the greatest Part of this Expence is owing to the necessary Consequence of a long M ar and severe Service operating on a large Establishment.

The Extraordinary amounts to 397,249 /. 5 s. 11 This Charge may be divided under the following general Heads; viz.

£. d.

The Remains of the War - - 189,646 8 11

Common Incidents - - - - 54,827 7 11

Fortifications Abroad - - - 19,100-----

Fortifications in Great Britain - 101,192 11 9

Buildings in Great Britain - - 32,482 17 4

397.249 5 1,1

The First of these will entirely cease with this Year, and the Second will probably be considerably diminished.

The Fortifications Abroad may increase.

The Fortifications at Home depend upon the System that may be adopted. At the close of the last War, the few Field Works that had been thrown up, were totally neglected, and suffered to go to Ruin; the Consequence of which was, an immense fedden Expence at the breaking out of this War. An opposite Extreme of fortifying every where, has been since pursued.

It is at present proposed to confine future Works to the principal Dock Yards. It is computed, that to render Portsmouth and Plymouth complete, will require or 500,000l., which, at 50,000l. per Annum, will be done in Eight or Ten Years. The Sum of 46,384/. 135. 3d.is a Iked in the present Elii mate for

New Works. The other Sums for Fortifications me only for Repairs and Improvements of Old Works, and to finish such Works in various Places as are nearly done, or may be in feme Degree completed at a final! additional Expence, without which, that already laid out would be entirely thrown away.

The Buildings, confuting chiefly of Magazines and Storehouses, are unavoidable.

Every Expence that is probable to occur, is now brought forward in the Estimate, and it is hoped and believed, that, under proper Restraints, it will be found sufficient to answer every Purpose, w ithout b ing obliged to recur to Parliament next Year for any Aid under the Head of Unprovided, unless Services totally unforelecn may arile.

The Expence of Sea Service must remain uncertain until it can be entirely fepurated from the Land Service: To make this Distribution, will require much Time and Arrangement, and feme additional Buildings. But when this desirable Object is attained, the Expence of Sea Service may, as well as that for Land Service, be al’cer-tained with Precision, and the Debt on that Account (if any) will appear.

In Addition to this Estimate, there fcems wanting an Account to (howr how the Money granted has been afiiually applied, towards the Services for which it was voted. Such an Account for last Year will shortly be laid before Parliament; but for the lleafens above stated, cannot be so accurate this Year, as it hereafter may be made.

It is earnestly hoped that Provision will immediately be made for discharging, in feme certain Period, the Debt of the Ordnance, which now fe greatly depreciates the Value of Debentures, and renders all Contracts depending on such uncertain Payment so disadvantageous to Government.

When this Debt is put into a regular Course of Payment, all future Bargains may immediately be made with ready Money, which has been found by Experience to produce, in many Instances, a Saving of from 20/. to 30 /. per Cent.

A farther Benefit will arise to the Public from the Method of dealing by open Contract, as will appear by the considerable Reduction of Price made even under the Diladvantages of the present Mode of Payment, in the following Articles; Viz.

THE

23 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

209

THE new Contraft for Horses, reduced from with several other Circumstancesl very advantageous to Govern- >

nient. Copper Hoops Shot Match -

Powder Barrels

Purbeck Stone

f Whole I Half '

Sand Bags, Bushel -Small Arms, Dutch

Brass Work for Mulquets Wheelbarrows Handbarrows Irou Spades -Iron Shovels Saltpetre

13 and 10 Inch Shells -I 8 -44-

re

D8

D*

D*

D8

I)8

D*

D8

D8

D8

D*

D*

D*

D8

D*

D8

D8

D8

£. s. d. £. s. d. Report on

— 1 9 to — 1 — I per Day per Ordnance

Horse. Estimates.

135 6 8 to 102 per Ton.

it 15 — to lo 6 — per D8

23 to 165 — - per D8

— 3 9 to — 3 2 each.

— 26 to — 22 each.

- 10 9 1 to -10 8 1 per Ton.

Six Months. J In Course of Office. J

1' 8{ to 7 each.

1 1 7 6 ] to 1 1 — j each.

Six Months. J In Course of Office. J

— 12 to — 1 — f per Lb.

— 14 — to — 11 6 each.

— 4 — to ~33 each.

1 16 — to 1 »3 — per Dozen.

1 16 — to 1 *5 — per D8.

U5 to 72 7 — per Ton.

13 15 — to 12 6 — per D8.

14 to 12 6 — per D°.

— 176 to — 146 per Cwt.

The Savings on these Articles mud depend on the Demand; and according to that of the last Three Years would have amounted on an Average to 95,380/. annually.

RICHMOND, SCc.

Master General of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Report do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate and Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Expiring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Laws. Act to continue several Laws, relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and, other Articles, to His Majesty s Sugar Colonies in to the

permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Doncaster, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &e. Hoads. Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge; without any Amendment: And also,

Sparrow's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Heme. fee. Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, ^oad’ passed in the Second Year of the Reign of- His pre-

Vol. 39.

sent Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Heme, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds Roads. Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act North Deigh-for dividing and inclosing-several Open Fields, and a ton Ineloiuu-. Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma- Address re-jesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to confer sperting Gen. some signal Mark of Honour upon General Sir George E1,10tt* Augustus Elliott, Knight of the Bath, and Governor of Gibraltar, for the important Service rendered to this Country by his gallant and successful Defence of that most valuable Fortress;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

3 H The

4

210

140 Felruarii. A. 1783

Supply.

Way* and Meuns.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /^r* 1

lelleis *01 the leas, |Mr J

rp „ c . [The Lord Maitland, I

Tellers for the Noes, P(I,.fer. j

90.

IS.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Importation Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London have i Kice, &c.Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the

Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and A Hill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed.

Resolved, That the Hill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lioul'c, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrel's to His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Bane, Pavma filer General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of July 1782 and the lit of February 1783, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of 41 o,oC81. 6 s. 3 d. being Part of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary F.xpences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services lor the Year 1782, paid by the Right honourable Isaac Banr.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Isaac

Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of 1782 and the lft of 1783,

and not provided for by Parliament,

Dates of Warrants.

Army Extra-ordinaries.

1782.

November 1. To Thomas Harley and Hemy Drummond, Esquire3, in full of a Warrant for 64,618/. u. 3 </. to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America - - 13,463 7 —

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D° - -- -- 24,203 10 6

To Ditto, to be by them "invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D° - 14,553 19 —

December 13. To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D* ----- 100,000-----

1783- .

January 1. To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D° -

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in D° ....

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D°

3. To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D®

23. To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D° -

9,655 7 2 95,8i4 17 3

150,000-----

195,035 8 4 191,580 3 3

1782.

August 6. To Christopher Potter, In'Dearman, Andrew Jordaine, and Shaw,

Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, and East Florida 4,241 18 4

20. To D°, for D° Service - - - 5,030 8 4

£. s. d.

794,306 12 6

Army F.xtra*

OPJ 11 -Tit:*.

3 Geo. IIL 140

Date* of Warrants.

1782. August 6.

21.

Ofitober 17.

December 12.

1783-

January 4.

1782. December 5.

October 17.

18.

17-

November 13.

August 14.

9-

22.

September 6.

23-

Ofitober 9. November 13. December 13.

August 15.

21.

31-

Vol. 39.

To Ben}" Smith, IV m Fitzhug, and Rich* Peacock, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the U fe of the Forces serving in America -To Major Henniker, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of I)® Forces -

To George Brown, Esquire, for D® Service

To the Representatives of Rub' Esquire, for

D* Service -

To Sir Jrt Henniker and TV" Esquire, being the

Balance due to them on their Contract for furnifiiing Provisions for the Forces in America, between 21st February and 17th Ofitober 17S1 - -

To Adam Drummond, Moses Franks, and John Ncsh/tt, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the U lb of the Forces in America -To IVm Devaynes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at D°, for the Use of the Forces at New York -

To Francis Baring, Esquire, for Hour and Pease provided for His Majesty’s Service -

To Rob* Dann, late Agent Visitualler at Gambia, for Provisions supplied the Garrison for the Month of July 1778....

Towards the Expence of Provisions apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1782, for victualling the Britishi Forces serving in America - - 26,401 17 4

Also apply the Sum voted upon D®, for visitualling the Foreign Troops serving

inD®.....18.540 6 5

Also the Sum voted upon D*, for visitualling the Forces in the West Indies .- - - - 11,268 5 1

And the Sum voted upon D% for victualling the Forces in Africa - - 2,072 6 6

£ s. d.

1,008 17 8

3,1*0 .6 6

2,742 7 8 i

1,655 n 8

334 15 7

2,678 6 4

2,774 16 —

>3,675 — —

108 19 3

7,461 17 4

58,282 15 4

To 1VmBudd, Esquire, for keeping up complete Provisions at Guern

fey -

To D*, for D® Service at Jersey -

To D°, for D" Service....

To Henry Budd, Esquire, for D* Service -To Mrs. Mary Budd, Widoiv and Successor of Mr.

Henry Budd, for keeping up complete Provisions at G uernfey -

;r>» —

3^3 K>

3U "7

383

15

To Mathew Cox, Esquire, being the Balance due upon his Contrafit for furnishing the Troops encamped in England in the Summer 1780, with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage - - - - 261 11 (i

To John Maion, Merchant, by way of further Advance on Account of his Contrafit for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1782 -

To D®, by way of further Advance for D° Service To D®, by way of further Advance for D° Service To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service

5.500 5.3i>o

5,5o

5,.r>''0

2.500 4,000

To the Prince of Anhalt ZerbU, for Levy Money for 59 Recruits for

Troops in the Year 1782 To the Landgrave of Hesse, for D° {or 1,034 Recruits furnished for his Troops in the Year 1782 -

To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse for 42 Days proportional Subsidyforan Augmentation to his Troops, from 23d February to 6th April 1781 -

To D°, fur Levy Money for 323 Recruits for his Troops, in the Year 1782 -

To the Prince of I Voided: , for Ray for sundry Recruits

425 18

»!S

1

7>4<’4 3 9

S 21 ,6 q

2,33*

.13 1

21 I

£. s. d.

19,179 2 —

i,6So 10 10

34,261 11 f>

on

Army F.xtra-urd.nuPiea.

Army Extra-ordinaries*

212

Dates of Warrants.

14° Februarii.

1782.

October 31

December 23.

November 12.

on their March in the Year 1781; for Levy Money for 133 Recruits for his Troops in the Year 1782; for Subsistence of the said Recruits from the Waldeck Country to their Embarkation; and for Transport of Camp Equipage and Stores -

To the Margrave of Brandenburgh Anspach, for Levy Money for 94 Recruits, furnished in the Year 1781, and for 227 Chasseurs furnished in the Year 1782 -

To the Hereditary Prince of , for the Pay of a new Corps of Infantry, some Chasseurs, and Supernumeraries, to 5th April 1781, from which Time they were provided for on the Establishment -

Forces Abroad....

To D®, for Sadlery, Clothing, Arms, and Accoutrements, supplied for D® -To D°, for Half Mounting and extra Necessaries supplied for D® -

To D#, for Half Mounting supplied for the Use of the Forces at Jamaica -

To D®, for Camp Equipage supplied for the Use of the Forces Abroad -

To D®, for sundry Articles shipped for the Forces in

to the Indians in Canada To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D* Service

£ s. d.

J,327 6 4

2,317 4 4

2,513 6 11

the Use of the

20,718 7 6

1 "O O 13 11

5,041 13 4

1,362 7 —

9,814 8 9

3,991 5 —

&'c. for Presents

13,586 11 3

15,681 12 8

16,089 14 1

18,503 19 7

December 13. To Messrs. Gregory and Turnbull, for Rum purchased for His Majesty’s Ser-

vice

21.

1783-

January 29.

1782. August 2.

To D®, for Brandies purchased for D® Service To Messrs. Leslie, Grace, and , Merchants, for

Rum purchased for D® Service -

To Here Delamain, Esquire, and Son, for Prime Cod,

Freight, and Insurance, of 50 Pipes of Madeira Wine, for the Use of the Hospital at Jamaica

12,268 8 2,408 16

6,040 17 —

2,384 17 —

6.

8.

i5>

22.

To Lieut. Fred. Gottshed, of the 2d Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner by a French Privateer, 20th September 1778, and in conl'equence of S' Vincent’s being taken by the French.....722 —

To Captain Montagu, of the Ship Pearl, for bringing Sir Henry Clinton and Lieut. General Knyphauscn from America ----- 300 — —

To Lieut Thct Babbington, of the 55th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner on board the Britannia Brig, by the Black Princess Privateer - - 2186

To Jit Jarret Carter, for some Provisions and Spirits which were delivered on the 17th April 1781, for the Use of the Troops at Williamsburg, in Virginia - 38----

To Captain JVm Farquhar, of the 20th Regiment of Foot, for his Expences in the Year 1780, in his Voyage to Richmond in Virginia, and Journey from thence to Albemarle Barracks, with Money, Clothing, Refreshments, &c. for the Forces under the Convention of Saratoga ---- 176 15 —

To Messrs. Meyrick, for Lofle3 of sundry Officers of the 86th Regiment of Foot at the Taking of Tobago ---- 51 17 6

To Mountfort Browne, Esquire, late Governor of the Bahama Islands, for Freight of Gunpowder sent to Eall Florida, and for his Passage from Providence to Charles Town, and from thence to England - - 410 — — -

To Lieut Geo. Mackenzie, of the 15th Regiment of Foot, for his Expences when sent on a Flag of

A \ 1783.

£ t

17,200 19 3

57,998 15 6

63,861 17 7

23,102 18 10

Truce

23 Geo. III. 140 Februarii,

313

Dates of Warrants.

1782. £. s. d.

Truce from S' Euftatius to Guadaloupe in 1781, by Order of Lord Rodney and General Vaughan - - 71 — —

August 29. To Captain Defpard, of the 7th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained on board The Swan Transport that foundered at Sea - - - - 67 18 —

To Ensign Cher Ingram, of the 56th Regiment of Foot,

for Losses he sustained when taken by a Spanish Frigate in the Gut of Gibraltar - - - - 41 19 —

31. To Mr. Tho' Beilby, to complete the Payment of Freight of his Ship Calvert, employed by the late Lord Chet Greville Montagu, Governor of the Province of South Carolina, to 1 ith April 1782 - - - 1,424 19 9

September 4. To Ensign Luke Rogers, of the 3d Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for his LoflTes when taken Prisoner at Pensacola - 27 12 —

12. To Jacob Wilkinson, Esquire, Agent to

Esquire, Governor of East Florida, for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the said Province for One Year, to 29th August 1783 - - 417 5 —

To Lieut Atkin, for bringing Dispatches from General

Haldxmand, Governor of Quebec - - - - 40 — —

20. To Fret Alacnamara, as Executor of his Brother Mathias Macnamara, Esquire, late Governor of Senegal, on Account of his said Brother’s contingent Disbursements in his said Government ----- 2,000 — —

October 16. To Lieut. Jrt Fraser, of the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty in Consideration of the Lout of his Leg by a Cannon Ball at Gibraltar - ---- 152 11 10

19. To John Robertson, Esquire, for Six Pieces of Cannon of his Property, which were used for the Defence of S' Philip’s Castle, Minorca ----- 307 1 —

To Colonel Goreham, for Oflf-reckonings of the Royal Fencible American Regiment, from 25th May 1776 to November following ----- 340 3 10

To M. G. Rainsford, to reimburse him sundry extraordinary Expences in proceeding to Minorca, to serve in that Bland ----- - 673 4 1

To Elias Durnford, Esquire, late Lieut Governor of »' West Florida, for the Value of The Rebecca Schooner,

captured by the Enemy at the Surrender of Fort Charlotte, at Mobile - - - 210 — —

To John Liddell, Owner of The Jenny Transport, for sundry Ordnance Stores delivered out of the said Ship at Bermuda, by Order of Geo. Ja‘ Bruere, Esquire, deceased, late Governor of the said Island - - 102 9 8

30. To Lieut. Colonel Craig, of the 82d Regiment of Foot, to replace Three Horses loft on actual Service in North America - -- -- - 47 7 —

To M. G. Leslie, of the 63d Regiment of Foot, for LoflTes he sustained in The ALolus Transport, blown up in passing Sullivan’s Fort - - - 90 — —

November 8. To M. G. Robertson, Colonel of the 16th Regiment of Foot, for a Quantity of Cloathing belonging to the said Regiment, delivered at Gh&rles Town for the Use of Provincial Troops ---- 147 18 —

14. To ThdBurfoot, Gent, for Blankets supplied for the Use

of the Troops ----- 2,011134

15. To Lieut. Geo. Gordon, late of the 69th Regiment of

Foot, for Losses he sustained on Board The Pensylvania Packet when taken by the Enemy in July

1781.....- 28 18 &

To Major HerPF. Stanhope, of the 86th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained at Tobago, on that Island being taken by the French - - - 60 in' —

December 14. To Milward Rmce, Esquire, for Monies advanced to Mahomet Muly Turkey, for Services rendered by him during the Siege of Minorca - - - - 256 2 6

To Mark Triporicki, late acting Lieutenant on board the Armed Ship The St. Philip’s Castle, for his Expences in railing a Corps of Sclavonians, and serving with them on board the said Ship, and for his Services at Minorca - - - - 86 *6

Vo l* 39.

31

Army Extra* ardioaries.

To

Army Extra* ordinaries.

2 *4

Dates of Warrant*

1782. December 23.

1783.

January 4.

10.

17-

24.

29-

1782. August 29.

September 20.

December 16.

September 20.

August 2H,

140 Febr

d.

To Ales' Morrison, late a Captain in the North Carolina Provincials for Money ditbursed by him in tire Year 1776 for the Use of the Troops in that Pror vince - 140 12 6

To Captain Geo. Benson, of the ,44th Regiment of Foot, for his Expences in bringing Diipatches from Charles Town, South Carolina - -

To Lieut. General Dulling, for an Equipage as Commander in Chief on an Expedition -To Sir Chat Grey, for D® as Commander jo Chief in North America - -

To Messrs. Childs and C®, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by Sir John Hort, Canful at jLhbon, for Subsistence, and sundry Articles of Cloathing, for Fifteen Soldiers, left sick by Sir Jri Burgoyne, at Rio de Janeiro, the 27th May 1782 t r

To Colonel Henry Pringle, for the Expences of himself and Three Hostages left in Minorca, by Order of Cieut. General Murray, for the Ratification of the Articles of Capitulation upon which that Bland surrendered - - - f. r

To Lieut. Colonel Duncan M‘ P her son, of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for Lpfies sustained by him while Major of the 71st Regiment of Foot, in June 1776 and February 1778 - -

To Peter IValsh, Surgeon to the lft Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses lie sustained on board The Chatubree Transport, when taken by The Thome Privateer, in the Year 1781 -

To L. G. Vaughan, to make good a Loss sustained by sundry Men of the 46th Regiment of Foot, by a Sloop being cast away in the Hurricane 1780, on her Passage from St. Lucia to Barbadoes -

To Mr. Wilkinson, for the Subsistence of 2 Companies of the Royal Garrison Battalion of Bermuda, previous to the 24th June 1782 -

To D®, on Account of Subsistence of D® Battalion, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

56 3 6

1.000 — T ---

1.000 -

164 8 6

656 14 -~ 24 4 4 26 5 T-

45 *3 9

7 66 7 2 5,624 4 —

To Edxif Forbes, Gent. to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by Peter Chester, El'quire, on the Commissioners of the Treu-fury -- ---- - 265 17 10

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Peter Chester, Esquire,

for Public Services - - - -' - - 1283

To D® drawn by JdMurray, Esquire, for Public Services - 2,253 2 10$

To D® drawn by Wm Faucett, Esquire, for Public Services- - - - - 5,092 -!-» - —

To D® drawn by Arch* Campbell, Esquire, for Public

Services r - - - - 60,702 14 7

To D° drawn by Jd Bruce, Esquire, for Public Services - - 1,303 12 4

To D* drawn by Sir Jd Wright, Baronet, "for Public Service^ - - - - 500 — — -

To D°, for D" Service - - - 17,755 — 8

---------18,255 — 8

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Thd Brawn, Esquire, for Public Services - . - -i

To D®, drawn by Wm Clifton, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Tho. Shirley, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To Jte Shoolbred, Merchant, for interest and Damages on a Bill of Exchange drawn by Geo. Adams, Esquire, on the Commissioners of the Treasury - - -To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Captain Jri

on Account of Subsistence of Two Companies of the

Bermuda Battalion - - 50-----

To D®, for D® Service - *. . wo -

i,955 ---- r

260 — — 43 10 —

74 17 2 >

150 — —

A. *783.

£. s- d.

19^79 11 9

To

2 J Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

14° FebtHUrii.

1782.

August 21. To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Collet, on Account of Subsistence of English Prisoners from Mahon -To a Bill of Exchange drawn by John Parker, for Ordnance Stores for the Armed Ship St. Philip's Castle, under his Command - .

October 8. To Bills of Exchange of this Date, drawn by Bob' Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Paymaft£r of the Forces in the West Indies, on Account of Expences incurred for the Use and Service of the said

Forces *

November 1. To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D* Service -

25. To D# of this Date, drawn by D®, for D* Service -

December 1. To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D° Service - -

7. To D° of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service -

200

400----

700 — ~ —

2,2t>o — —

September 20. To

Bills of Exchange

drawn by G. A. Eliott, Esquire,

vices

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Horace Mann, Envoy at Florence, on Account of Provisions and Supplies for the Use of the Gurrifons of Gibraltar and Minorca - -August 19. To Fret Baring, Esquire, to be by him applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces at Gibraltar December 10. To D®, for Commission and Expences on the above Sum - - - .

Secretary at War’s Letter.

August 13. To John Porcell, Esquire, upon Account, for the Purchase and Freight of Coals and Wood for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - >

To D*, for D® Service -

November 25.

Dates of Warrants.

August 15.

31*

29.

December 14.

in that Garrison -Also the Sum voted upon Estimate 1782, for Provisions for the British Forces serving in D® -And the Sum voted upon D®, for Provisions for the Foreign D° serving in D® -

16

a.

4

489 1? 3

8,500-----

12,000 -

for Public Ser-12,730----

2,530 5 9

20,000-----

456 7 —

9,760 —

2,000 -

To John Bourke, Merchants, for Rum shipped for Special Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D°, for Wine shipped for D* Service -

To D®, for Sugar shipped for D* Service To D®, for Sour Krout lliipped for D® Service To D°, for Salt shipped for D* Service - -

To D®, for Vinegar shipped for D° Service -

To D®, for Soap shipped for D® Service -To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing sundry Tents, See.

for the Forces at Gibraltar -To Major Charles Fallot ten, for bringing Dispatches from General Eliott of the Relief of Gibraltar, and of the total Destruction of the Spanish Battering Ships in the Bay - -

Towards the Expence of the Forces at Gibraltar, apply Cash received at sundry Times of General Eliott, Governor, on Account of Subsistence of the Forces serving

1

6

473 14,774

9*333 19

4,700 2

3,222 14 2,027 18 1,358 8

2,704 —

l

3

1

6

4

9

8

5

2,965 12 —

50O —

102,874

89,536 15 10

15,750-----

12,303 9 7

3,130 3 4

31,183 1*2 11'

August 6.

8.

Vol. 39.

To Nath1 Dap, Esquire,. for 226 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, to lft June 1782 ----- . 452 ——

To Sumnna Slatford Powell, Widow, for 319 Days Pay of the late Matt9 Powell, as Physiciaa to the Forces in Jamaica, to 17th November 1780- - - 319 — —

58,353

215

Army Extra* ordinaries.

3. d*

8 3!

2 11

To

i4* Februarii.

216

A. i

Army Extra, oriiutrias.

Data* of Warrants.

178a. August 16.

39.

30.

September 11.

October 16.

*3-

SO-

3‘-

November 8. December 9.

14.

*3-

31.

1783.]anuary 10.

To M. G. Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary

for muttering Foreign Troops in Germany, to ad August 178a -

To Captains Jit Smith and JBenf Baker, for their Pay as Majors of Brigade in the West Indies, for the Times therein mentioned, in the Year 1779 -

To Sir fVm Draper, for 725 Days additional Pay, to complete his Pay as Lieut Governor of Fort St Philip and Lieut General on the Staff, to 25 December 1781 -

To Colonel Garth, for 415 Days Pay as a Brigadier General in America, to 3d August 1780 -To Jit Morrison, Esquire, for 201 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissaiy in America, to 20th June 1782 To Lieut Colonel Joseph Goreham, for 1,658 Days Pay as Commandant at Fort Cumberland in Nova Scotia, to 31st December 1780 -

To Colonel Martin, for 242 Days Pay, as Brigadier General in America, to 12th February 1780 To Captain Wall, for 182 Days additional Pay as Commandant of the African Corps and Island of Goree, to 24th June 1782 -

To Lieut. Arthur Choen, for acting as Adjutant to a Detachment of the 75th Regiment of Foot serving in the Island of Goree -

To Messrs. Gray and Ogihie, for 143 Days additional Pay of Lieut General fV» Amherst, as Adjutant General, to 16th May 1781 -

To Colonel Sant Blackzvell, of the North Gloucester Militia, for the Difference of Pay of Colonel and Lieut Colonel, from 27 June 1778 to 24th December

1781 - -

To Colonel Henry Maister, of the East York Militia, for D* from 19th June 1779 to 3d February 1780 To F.tV. Hecht, Gent for 220 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st July 1782 To JVn Butler, Gent for 365 Days Pay as D* in D*, to 13th August 1782 -

To M. G. Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d November 1782 -

To Isaac WinsUno Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 20th October

1782 -- ....

To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 124 Days Pay as a Commissary in Canada, to 3d October 1782 -

To Jit Craigie, Esquire, for 437 Days Pay as a Deputy

Commissary in Canada, to 24th June 1782 To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for 340 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in America, to 5th October 1782 -To Colonel Edmt Fanning, of His Majesty’s American Provincial Regiment, for 89 Days Pay as Colonel of the said Regiment, to 24 May 1782 -

To In Fenton, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle, in New Hampshire, to 5th July 1782 - - - - ,

To Jet Auchenleck, for 183 Days Pay as Surgeon to the General Hospital in North America, to 24th December 1782 -

To L. G. Morrison, Quarter Master General, for the Pay of Two Assistants, from 25th December 1781, to 24th December 1782 -

To M. G. Reid, for 533 Days Pay as Commander in the Island of Jersey, to 6th July 1782 -

To M. G. Gladwin, for 98 Days Pay as a Colonel of Foot, to 30th September 1782 -

To Lieut General Vaughan, for the Pay of his Three Aids de Camp in the West Indies, from 24th June 1781, to 26th October following -

£. s. d.

460----

192 10 —

1,450----

622 10 — 391 10 —

829----

363----

182----

95 8 -57*-----

423 7 7 197 5 9

220----

365----

460----

365----

248----

655 10 — 510-----

106 16 —

181 -

91 10 — t

182 10 —

533 -

117 12 —

177 7 3

2 3. Geo. III. 140 Februarii. 217

Dates of Warrants.

1783. £. s.

January xo. To Roll Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Inspector

General of the Hospitals, to 24th December 1782 - 730-----

22. For the Pay of several Officers belonging to the 84th Regiment of Foot, for the respefitive Times therein mentioned - -- -- - 732 16 —

29. To the Officers of the Hospitals in Great Britain, for their Pay from 25th December 1781 to 24th December

1782.....912 10 —

To Lieutenants Jc( Wormeley and John Barker, for their Pay as Adjutant and Quarter Master to a Detachment from Warley Camp, doing Duty on the Coast of Suffolk, for 1x7 Days, to 13th November 1782 - - - 50 14 —

To Captain Willm Wilkinson and Lieut. Jet Murray, for their Pay as Adjutant and Quarter Master to a Detachment on the King’s Duty at Windsor, from 22d May 1782 to x6th November following - - - - 77 11 4

To Major Hayman Hooke, for 183 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1782 ----- 137 5 —

To George Munro, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to 24th December 1782 ----- 182 10 —

Secretary at War’s Letter.

X782.

December 17. For the Pay of the Hospital Staff ordered to attend the

Forces on Foreign Service, for 90 Days, to 28th

February 1783 ----- 540 — - —

Dates of Warrants. -___________

August 6. To Geo. Greene, Esquire, by way of Advance, for supplying the Camp in North Britain, in the Summer X782, with Bread,

Forage, fife. ----- - 600-----

22.' To D°, by way of further Advance, for D° Service - - 600-----

August 2. To Lieut. Governor Irving, for Coals and Candles for the Troops at

Guernsey, to April 1782 ----- 2,000 11 9

To Th& Best, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, fife, for the Troops in Dover Caille, from 25th June 178X to 24th June 1782 - - - - 822 7 —

October 4. To A. Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth

Dock ---- - 500---- —

16. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles, fife, for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th December

1781 to 24th June 1782.....197 X3 xx

To the Earl of Darlington, for D® for the Forces at

Carlisle, for the Years 1780 and x 78 x - - - 154 9 —

November 8. To Mr. Martin Pien epoint, for D° for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th April X782 to 5th October following _ - - - ... 1,191 8 5

22. To Moses Corbett, Esquire, late Lieut. Governor of Jersey, for Candles delivered by him for the Die of the Troops serving the re, to 21st April 1782 - 298 15 4

To D°, for Coals fumished by him for D® Service, to

D® - - - -..... 173 2 9

To Lieut. Wm Grant, for providing Coals, Candles, <$c. for the Forces in Cumberland Fort, from 16th February 1782 to x 6th August following - - - 83177

December 20. To General Conway, for Candles provided for the Troops in the Bland of Jersey, from 22d April 1782 to 28th

September following - - - - 55 93

1783-

January 10. To E. B. de la Fontaine, Esquire, Master of the Barracks

in the Savoy, for supplying sundry additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards, and the Officers and Surgeons Rooms in the said Barracks, with Coals and Candles, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December

following.....- 255----

To Amlrcw Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, fife, for the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Bland, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - -- -- - 364 X9 9

Vol. 39. 3 K

£. 8 ,

I4, X26 2 ix

1,200 — —

To

! by

Army Extra-ordinaries.

21-8

i 4° Felru&ii.

Army Extra-oriliiiarieb.

Dates of Warrants.

1783*

January 17.

1782. Aoguft 2.

29-

August 14.

29.

September 11.

October 16. November 22.

December 6.

1783.

January 17.

To And" Clinton, Esquire, won Account, to enable him to provide-Coals and Candles<for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -

£. d.

500-----.

To CaptainJ, Em Barlow, for the Subfilience of the Non-commissioned Ofpcpi's and Private Men of his Company of Font, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to 9th April 1782 (exclufwe) the Commencement of

their Eftahiishment To Captain IV m IValkinshaw. for D# of D° of his iCorn-

pany of Foot, from D® to 9th April 1782 (exclufme) the Commencement of their Establishment - - ;-

To Sir James Lawther, Baronet, for Subflstence of Three Volunteer Companies added to the Westmorelapd Militia, previous to their Establishment -

402 9 .10

.888 17

pSo 15 —

To Messrs. Cray and Ogilvie, to enable thermtoreimhuife the Npn-commissioned Officers and Private Men of fendry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon end Paynwfeerg Allowances, from tire 25th of December 1781 to 24th June 1782 - - 2,608 3 10

To Ben/" Andreas, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse , D® of the 30th Regiment of Foot, 'the Stoppages made for

D®, from D® to D®.....9S25

To II. J. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D# of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D® - - - 279 5 1

To Nath1 Collyer, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of Sir That Egerton's Foot, the Stoppages made for D*,

from D°to D° - - - - 6p 7 4

To George Amt, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Isle of Mqn Fencihlc Men, the Stoppages made for D®, from D' to D® - 41 16 6

To Mess. Doug las, and Laurie, to enable them tojeunburfe D® of the 104th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 24th February 1782 to 24th June following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to Companies of the said Regiment at Guernsey - - - 298 15 4

To Messrs. Bisshop and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th; June 1781 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 73d and 98th Regiments at Chatham Barracks - 904 — —

To Ednd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for the said Regiment, and Captain Home's Independent Company - 166 18 6

To IVm Cowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D® from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for a Party of the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks - - - 103 10 10

To Messrs. Bisshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Foot, the-Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - 1,011 15 —

To Messrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 69th and 91st Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to Captain T. Jones and Captain. Moore's Independent Companies at Chatham Barracks - - . - - 212 .14 —

To Messrs. Meyrkks, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 - 1,543 8 —

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 27th and 38th Regiments at Chatham Barracks - -- -- - 468 12 6

To A lea' Anderson, Esquire, to enable him -to reimburse D* of the lit Eattalion of 4?d Regiment of Foot, and of One additional Company of the 2d Battalion of

A. >1783

£ t. 4.

6,797 14 9

1,567 2 4

the

2$ <jEO, III.

14° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. January 17.

1782.

the said Regiment, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 - -

To F. Elwyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 70th Regiment of Foot, die Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D°, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks -

To Alex' Adair, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse P® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for

D#, from D° to D* -....

To Mefi's. Fitter and C°, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 69th and 91st Regiments of Root, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D°, and for t|he Allowance of Bread Money to Captain s Independent Company at Cumberland Fort, in the Year 1781 To Sam? Clare, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the 93d Regiment of Toot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments of Foot, from 17th March 1781 to 30th June 1782 -

To Messrs. Hesse, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December ,17.80 to 24th June 1781 - - - - , - '

To D®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry D®, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - -

To D®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry D®, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 - -

s.

d.

148 12 10

104 8 8

213 4 6

217 13

82 .11 4

1,496 9 —

415 9 4

434 6 10

415 13 9

August 14. To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Buckinghamshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 - - - 84 15 10

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Leicester and Warwickshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* ----- 193 10 4

To Henry Critchett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* - - - 73 17 3

T o Ja Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - _ - 84 4 10

To R. B. Cox, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Oxfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 - 148 6 2

To H. J. Hansard, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East Devon and 2d West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 ----- 182 6 —

To Wm Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West and East Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - . - - - - 146 13 2

29. To In‘ Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Denbighffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D°toD® - 41 .9 U

To Chet Graves, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the North Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* - - - 97 15 8

To Thcf Jet Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dorset and East Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D°to D® - 161 11 10

To K. Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Northampton Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - - 110 18 ,10

To Geo. Aust, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse P* of the Cambridgeffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - 65 7 s

Vol. 39.

219

Army Extra-ordinari*.

11,325 18 7

Army Extraordinarily.

220

14° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

August 29.

September 11.

October 18.

November 15.

22.

December 27*

1783-

January 17*

To Jit Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reitnburfe the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Wiltshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

To Messrs. Bisshopp and C*, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D*

To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Radnor and Brecknockffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Geo. Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reitn-burse D® of the Derbyshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment at Plymouth Barracks -

To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 1 ft West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Detachment of the said Regiment at Holy Island Castle -

To Messrs. Meyrick, for Bread Money for the Lei-cestershire Militia at Plymouth Barracks, from 25th October 1780 to 12th June 1781 -To Messrs. Conway and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the South Lincoln Militia at Tynmouth Barracks -

To Alex' Adair, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread

Money to the South Gloucester Militia at Plymouth Barracks, from 19th June 1781 to 24th November following -

To Timothy Brent, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Staffordffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

To Messrs. Hesse, to enable them to reimburse D* of the South Hants Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -To Jrt Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Carnarvon and Flintshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December T781 to . 24th June 1782 -

To A leaf Adair, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Messrs. Hesse, to enable them to reimburse D® of the South Hants Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -To D®, to enable them to reimburse D® of D® Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

To Messrs. Peart and Conway, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* -To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burse D® of the West Middlesex and Bedfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

To Geo. Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Derbyshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®....

£- d.

106 13 3

588-----

47 11 —

t

435 9 9 90 19 —

682 14 6

553 18 2 423 19 6

86 13 4 66 7 3

39 4 6

651 14 7

66 7 3 66 7 3 213 7

165 9 6

76 10 5

A. 1783.

5.751 17 11 To

221

23 Geo. III. 14° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

17«3-January 2 2.

1782. September 4.

11.

November 8. December 6.

20.

November 8.

December 27.

September 4.

11.

October 11.

November 15.

Vo l. 39.

To sundry Agents, to be by them paid over and applied to the Use of the Effective Private Men of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, as an Equivalent to the Poundage deducted from the Pay of the Private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry on the British EstablHhment, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

For the Marches, #c. of the 50th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - - - 75 17 6

For the D® of the 33d Regiment of Foot, from 25th

December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - - - 94 12 —

For the D# of the 64th Regiment of Foot, from D# to

D* - - - 47 46

For the D® of the Northern Regiment of Fencible Men, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following ---- 157 29 6

For the D® of the 86th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D* - - - 67 11 11

For the D® of the 87th Regiment of Foot, from 10th July 1779 to 24th December following - 325 11 —

To Lieut. General Pomeroy, for the Contingent Disbursements of the 64th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following ----- - 81 10 — *

To Sir Henry Clinton, for D® of the ill Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December

1778 to 24th December 1779 - 98 3 —

To I)°, for D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December

1779 to 24th December 1780 " " 68 18 8

To Lord Chewton, for D® of the 87th Regiment of

Foot, from D* to D* - - - - 244 17 6

For the Marches, <SfC. of the Warwickshire Militia, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 - - - - 434 1 — .

For the D® of the Pembrokeshire Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - - 83-----

For the D® of the Carnarvonshire Militia, from D* to

D® - - - -.....145 — 3

For the D® of the Flintshire Militia, from D® to D® - 127 1 —

For the D* of the South Devon Militia, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 - 371 4 6

For the D® of the Denbighshire Militia, from 25th

December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - 171 18 —

For the D* of the Northumberland Militia, from D® to D° - 144 9 6

For the D® of the North Gloucester Militia, from D® to D® - 185 8 —

For the D® of the Lancashire Militia, from D® to D® - 113 4 —

For the D® of the Montgomeryiliire Militia, from D®

to D® ..... 154 7 —

For the D* of the Rutlandshire Militia, from D® to D* - 70 17 6

For the D® of the Monmouthshire Militia, from D* to

D® -.....- *93 5 6

For the D* of the South Gloucester Militia, from D® to D® - - - - 304 6 —

For the D® of the Merionethshire Militia, from D® to D® - - - ----- - - 52 11 —

For the D* of the Bedfordshire Militia, from D* to

D®.....- - 224 9 —

For the D® of the Eafb Norfolk Militia, from D® to D® - - - -- - - 241 11 -

For the D* of the Northamptonshire Militia, from D®

to D® - - - - 385 -

For the D® of the Warwickshire Militia, from D® to D® - 168 76

For the D® of the East York Militia, from D® to D° - - - . 277 1 6

For the D* of the Eall Middlesex Militia, from D® to D® - r 99-----

3

Sm d*

Army Extra, ordinaries.

P»99l 13 6

768 16 5

493 9 3

For

Array Extras

ord:Mriffc. . j

Dates of Warrants.

14° Februarii.

i A* 1783.;

... 1782.:.. 1

November 15. For die Marche^ 8$c. of the North Riding York Militia*'

from 26th March 1778 to 24th December, following - 224 44 6

For the D# of the East Kent Militia, from 25th December

1780 to 244b June 1781 . - - f . 190 13 —

178J.

January 29.. For the D# of the Cheshire Militia, from 25th December;

1780 to 24th December 1781.....500 17 6

For the D® of the Dorsetshire Militia, from 25th June 178> to 24th December following - - - -: 136 8 3.

For the D° of the East Norfolk Militia, from D® to

D* - - . - - 203 4 6

For die D* of the East Devon Militia, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - 218-----

For the D° of the West Norfolk Militia, from D* to D* - - - 105 1 —

For the D" of the Somersetftiire Militia, from 25th June

1780 to 24th December following - . - 297 13 — -

For the D*! of the PembrokelhiFe Militia, from 25th June

1781 to 24th December following - - - ' no 5 --

For the D° of the Wiltshire Militia, from D° to

v 7 D’ - - -.....130 26

For the D* of the East Riding York Militia, from D# to

D® - ., - - 132 >1

For the-D* of the 2d West Riding York Militia, from 25th -June 1780 to 24th December following - - - 220 t8 —

1782. .: _---- r-r-----

October 4- To G. Douglas, for providing divers Camp Necefikries for the 104th Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782

To the Earl of; Pembroke, for- providing D® far the ift Regiment of Dragoons, for D° Year. -

To M. G; Phillipson, for providing D° for the 20th Regi-;

. ment of Dragoons, for D° Year -

To Lieut. General Havilan for providing D° for the 45th Regiment of Foot, for D® Year -

To Sir lVm Ersk'me, for providing D* for the 26th Regiment offoot# for D° Year -

To L. G. Trapaud, for providing D° for the 53d Regiment of- Foot, for D° Year -To Earl Fauconfrerg, for providing D® for his Regiment of Foot, for D® Year -.*- - . -r -; -

23. To Lord G.H. Lennox, for providing D® for the 25th Regiment of Foot, for D* Year - - - *

November 8. To Sir T. S. Wilson, for providing D° for the 50th Regi- < ment of Foot, for D° Year - - . , - -

1783. . * - -

January 24. To Lord Townshend, for providing D° for the 2d Regiment

of Dragoon Guards, for D° Year ——

To the Right honourable G. A. , for providing; D° for the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, for D" Year -

To Sir JVm Boothby, for providing D* for th* Cth Regi- .

ment of Foot, for D" Year ——

To Sir R.M. Keith, for providing D° for the 10th Regi- .

ment of Fopt, for D* Year To Sir In' Sebright, for providing D® for the 18th Regiment of Foot, for D° Year - - - - _ - -

To M. G. Calcraft, for providing D® for the 65th Regiment of Foot, for D° Year - - - . -

To M.G. Scott, for providing D° for the 83d Regiment of Foot, for D* Year ——

To M. G. Reid, for providing. D® for the 95th Regiment of Foot, for.D* Year ——

1782.

434 19 6

- i .

601 3 3 857 5 6 191 2 — 195 19 6 202 6- 6: 809 5 6

.304 iS.*r-221.j2 6

618 43

857 5 9 223 17 6

195 J4- 0. 223 19 6 195 9 6

3KJ 8- —

; y - '

223 17 6

October 4. To Cokmel Lechmerc, for providing divers Camp Necefiaries for the Worcester Militia, for the Year 1782,1 - , * *„' , 1^1 io -<-

To Lieut. Colonel Ward, Tor providing D® for Cambridge- -

shire Militia, for D® Year; .- >. - ' 347 ‘ 8 ;6

To Sir W.mSmith, for providing D® for the West Essex -

Militia, for D° Year - - - - *. 178 ...9 G

To Colonel Bullock, for providing D° for the East Essex - -

Militia, for D^ear ---- 177 16 —

6,437 5 6

5,669 1

To

Dates of Warrants.

1782.

October 4.'.

*’ t 33.

\i 11 .

November 22.

1783-

January 24.

1782. August 8.

September 4. October 23.

30. Vol. 39.

223

Army Extra-ordinaries.

To Colonel fibres, for providing divers Camp Neceftariea v £. s. <1.

for the Surrey Militia, for the Year 1782 - - - 38$ 5 6

To Lord Porchester, -for providing D* for the Wiltshire

Militia,; for. P» Year - - - - 235 4 —

To the Earl of Upper Ossory, for providing D® for the Bed-fordshire Militia, for :D* Year t.66 t5 6

To Colonel Cooke, for providing D® for the West Middlesex

Militia, for D° Year . ~ t 212 13. —

To Cqfond Hans Sloane, for providing D* for the North

Hampshire Militia, for D® Year *: - - - . 177 i6.-r-

To Sir Geo. Savile, for providing D® foe the lft West.

Riding York Militia, for D® Year - - -- - .191 4 —

To Lord Beauchampt -fov providing D* fof the Warwick- .

flure Militia, for D®:Year - - - - . , . 268 .12

To thq Dqke of Rutland, foF providing D® for the Leicester

Militia, for D® Year . - . - - 192 12 —

To Colonel Harvey, for providing D' for the 2d West

Riding York'Militia,-for D* Year - - - . r 19ft---- r

To Sir R. Milbanke, for providing D* for the North Riding

Militia, for D® Year - - r-: - , - ' 219 7 —

To Colonel Caldecot, for providing D® for the North Lin* ;'

cola Militia, for D® Year - - 191 12 —

:To Majm-EUis Wynne, for providing D* for the Carnarvon-

shire Militia, for D® Year - - - 51 19 6

To Lord Lewisham, for- providing D® for the Staffordshire '

Militia, for D* Year -; 204 13

To Colonel Ja? Lowther, for providing D® for the Cumberland Militia, for D® Year - - - - . 128 ii> -T-

To Colonel Orchard, for providing D® dor the North Devon -.

Militia, for D® Year - - -» - 181 19 6

To Colonel John Sarcbridge, for providing D® for the East

Kent Militia, foF D® Year - - - 133 *4 —

To Colonel C.Neville, for providing D® for the South Lincoln Militia, for D® Year- - - - - 194 7 —

To Colonel In' Colby, for providing D® for the Pembroke- >

fibre Militia, for D® Year - - - * 96 17 6

To Lord Clive, for providing D® for the Shropfitire Militia,

for D® Year - - , 202 14 --

To Sir Jar Lawther, for providing D® for the Westmoreland - - 1

Militia, for D® Year - ’ - 177 18 N6

To Major John Jones, for providing D® for the Radnorshire

Militia, for D® Year - - -' 68 6.6

To Captain fVynne,- for providing D® for the Merionethflure

Militia, for D° Year - - - - i «: ' >* 36 8 tt?'

To the Earl of Euston, for providing D® for the West Suf-

folk Militia f6r D® Year - - - 176 1 —

To foe Earl of Darlington, for providing D* for the Durham Militia, for D® Year - 131 17 6

£ s.

d.

To Colonel Goatc, for providing D® for the East Suffolk Militia, for D® Year *

To the Earl of Salisbury, for providing D® for the Hertford-shire Militia, for D®-Year - - - *

To Colonel Coze, for providing D* for the Sonaerfetshire Militia, for D* Year - - - >- *->:*

/ 154 17 —

182 5 6

338 6 —

5,393 18 6

To M. G. Vaughan, to replace sundry Cloathing and Accoutrements of the 46th Regiment of Foot, which were loft and rendered unfit for Service by the Hurricane atBarbadoes, and.ih Afition in the Year 1780, and takeu by the Enemy at St. Lucia -. r - - * r . >452 6 r —

To Colonel Ackland, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 91st Regiment of Foot, loft in the Hurricane at Barbadoes - - - r - 5 3 Jl ' 6

To Lieut. General Parslow, to.replace sundry , D* of the

30th Regiment of Foot, which were loft on Service in South Carolina -- - - -- - - - -100 14 9

To M. G. Vaughan, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 46th Regitpent of Foot, which were loft in Action in -tl>e Year 1780 - 22 13 9

A rmy Extra-ordinaries,

324

14® Februarii.

Date* of Warrants.

1782. October 30.

1783.]anuary 29.

To the Duke of Argyll, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the lit Battalion of the lit Regiment of Foot, which were destroyed or taken during the Siege and at the Surrender of Brimstone Hill -

To M. G. Fawcett, to replace sundry D® of the 15th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service at S' Euftatius and S' Christophers -

To L. G. Pomeroy, to replace sundry D® of the 64th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in South Carolina To L. G. Evelyn, to replace sundry D* of the 29th Regiment of Foot, which were loft at the Convention of Saratoga ——

To L. G. IValsh, to replace sundry D® of the 56th Regiment of -Foot, which were destroyed by the Enemy at Gibraltar -

To Sir T. S. JVtlson, to replace sundry D® of the 50th Regiment of Foot, which were loft on Service on board the Fleet the 27th and 28th July 1778 -

To Lieut General Cmingham, to replace sundry D® of the 14th Regiment of root, loft in the Years 1780 and 1781 ——

£- s. d.

937 18 6

537 16 8

162 6 3

6 6

69 13 3

*72 — —

225 14 6

1782.

August 14. To Lord J. Mwray, in lieu of 50 Days Nett Off-reckonimp of an additional Company to the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of

Foot.....37 11 11

October 4. To sundry Persons, to-make good deficient OfT-reckonings of several Corps of Infantry, which were reduced during the Year 1781 - - 12,211----

August 14. To Captain Ambrose Simpson, for Forage, as Major of Brigade in the Year

1780- -.....34 6 —

29. To the Colonels and Captains of sundry Regiments and Companies of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective

Corps, being ordered to take the Field - - - 1,100-----

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoons, for D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - -- 230 — —

To the Colonels and Captains of sundry Regiments of Dragoons, Infantry, and Militia, for additional Bat Horses to carry the Blankets of their respective Corps, being ordered

to take the Field ----- 4,980-----

To MeiT. Bisshopp and C®, to be paid over to sundry Captains of the Fendble Men, for Blanket Horses, being ordered to take the Field in North Britain - - - 100 — —

To the Colonels and Captains of sundry Regiments and Companies of Foot, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field - 1,857 J® —

' To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoons, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered to take the Field - - - - 190 — —

To the Colonels and Captains of sundry Regiments and Companies of Foot, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field - - - - 2,257 10 —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered to" to take the Field ----- 4,260 — —

To the Colouels of sundry D®, for Baggage Horses for their

respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - - 6,613 J5 —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field ----- 8,412 10 —

October 11. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot and Militia, for additional Bat Horses to carry the Blankets of their respective Regiments, being ordered to take the

Field.....- 2,530---

To the Colonels of sundry D®, for Bat Horses for their

respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field - - 2,790---

A. 1783.

-£, * d.

2,856 1 8

12,248 n U

To

23 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. October 11.

16.

November 29.

December 12.

20.

1/83-January 3.

22.

2 9-

1782. August 29.

October 14. December 12.

1783*

January 22.

1782. August 2.

O

8.

29.

September 4.

hi. 14° Febrkarii.

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot and Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of lundry D°, for too Days Forage for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoons, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To D* Colonels, for additional Bat Horses to carry the Blankets of their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To D° Colonels, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To L. G. Ja‘ Johnston, for loo Days Forage for the 11th Regiment of Dragoons, having been ordered to provide Bat Horses in May 1782 -To JVm Best, Esquire, Agent to Three Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar, to be paid over to the Officers of the said Three Battalions, in Consideration of their serving in the said Garrison during the Campaign 1782 -

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service -

To the Colonels of D* Regiments, for Baggage Horles for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service -

To the Colonels of D* Regiments, for too Days Forage for their respective Regiments, being ordered on Foreign Service -

To Mefi'rs. Bisshopp and C*, to be paid over to sundry Officers of a Detachment of the Sutherland Fencible Men, in Consideration of their being encamped at Shetland in the Year 1781 - -

To Lieut. Colonel Pringle, for Bat, Baggage and Forage for the Newfoundland Corps of Foot, having taken the Field in that Island in the Summer 1782 To the General and Staff Officers who have not drawn Forage from the Magazines during the Campaign

1782 - ....

To Lieut. General Cmiingliame, for Bat, Baggage and Forage for the 14th Regiment of'Foot, ordered on Foreign Service in the Year 1782 -

To Colonel John Howard, for Bat, Baggage and Forage for the 97th Regiment of Foot, serving at Gibraltar in the Campaign 1782 -

£. s. d.

4,595 -

5,695-----

280-----

240-----

240-----

550-----

1,111 5 —

880-----

1,651 5 —

1,945 -

81----

178 15 —

2,016 6 — 508 15 — 508 15 —

To In" Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inpfeftor General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account for sundry contingent Disbursements for

Hospitals ----- 2,000-----

To D°, upon Account for D° Service - 2,000 — —

To D°, upon Account for D* Service - - - 2,000-----

To D#, upon Account for D° Service

2,000-----

To Mary Shun gar, being His Majesty’s Bounty for herself and Children, in Consideration of her Husband being killed in Action at Brimstone Hill -

To Colonel Parker, to make good to the Field Officers and Captains of the South Devon Militia their usual Allowance of contingent Men, from the Time the said Regiment was complete to 24th October

1781 - ....

To the Captains of sundry Independent Companies, for Knapsacks for their respective Corps -

To the Captains of sundry D®, for D* for their respective Corps -To Eliza Muller, being His Majestys Bounty for herself and Child,

in Consideration of her Husband being killed in Action in Georgia To M. G. Morrison, to be paid over to Mich' for Hire of Ground,

and Jtt Bellord, for his Expence in sinking a Well -

Vol..39. 3 M

025

Army Extra*

ordinaries.

£ s* d.

55,83612 —

8,000 —

227 2 —

473 6 2

117 3 — 704 11 —

243 6 8

59 11

7

To

226 140 Februarii.

Army Extra- otWarrant*,

ordinaries. ------- i

1782.

September 4. To Messrs. Bisshopp and C®, for the Expence of bringing Detachments of the 73d and 100th Regiments of Foot by Sea, from the Frith of Forth to Gravesend -

October 16. To Jit Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries for the Foot Guards in the Tower, and for the Infirmary there, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1782, including the Lamps lighted on Tower Hill for D® Time To D®, for divers D® furnished by him between Michaelmas 1781 and Michaelmas 1782, to the Foot Guards in the Barracks of the Tower -

To M. G. Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

To Ales' Gray, Esquire, Administrator to L. G. Amherst deceased, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1780 to 13th May 1781, the Time of his Decease , 25. To John Wigglesworth, Esquire, Deputy to the Right honourable Lewis

Lord Sondes, one of the Auditors of the Imprefts, for the Fees due for auditing the final Account of the Right honourable Lord North, and George Cooke, Esquire, as late Joint Paymasters General of the Forces, and Treasurers of Chelsea Hospital, for One Year, to 24th December

VT 1767..... -

November 8. To Lieut. General Arm, for the contingent Expences of sundry Officers of the 8th Regiment of Foot, while on the Recruiting Service in Ireland -

December 12. To Wm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms, Orderly Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, and Recruit House, in full for One Year, to ift January 1782 -

1783-

January 3. To M. G. Townsend, Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for the contingent Expences on the said Service for 6 Months, to 24th June 1782 ——

4. To Messrs. Harley and Lloyd, for Freight, Insurance, &c. of Invalid Cloathing, for the Year 1781 -

10. To. E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, Barrack Matter of the Savoy, for

17-

23-

24.

29-

Date of Treasury Letter.

1782.

October ll.

Date of Seer at War’s Letter.

November 15.

providing Utensils for the Infirmary and Barracks there, for the Year

1782-....

To Lieut. Colonel Hugonin, for Expences in convicting Jtv Knight, for the Murder of Two Dragoons of the 4th Regiment -To L. G. Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -To Sam1 Remnant, Esquire, for sundry Articles, provided for special Service -

To Colonel Williamson, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 To Lieut General Rainsford, for his contingent Expences when commanding the Camps in Hyde Park and on Black Heath, in the Year 1780, and at Harwich in the Year 1781 -

To Lieut General Tryon, for the contingent Expences of the Forces under his Command in the North East District, during the Campaign

1782 . ....

To Lord Adam Gordon, for D* of the Forces under his Command in the North District, in D® Year -

To M. G. Townsend, for his contingent Expences in superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following ——

To Leonard Morse, Esquire, Secretary to General Lord Amherst, for his contingent Disbursements, from 25th December 1781 to 26th March 1782 -

To Jri Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces -

To Rolf Adair, Esquire, for his contingent Expences, as Inspector Gene-' ral of Regimental Infirmaries -

To A. Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing sundry Utensils, &c. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, and for his Allowance for the same Time ——

To Mr. Anderson, on Account of Subsistence of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1782, serving in the East Indies ----- 2,380--

To D®, for 122 Days D® of a Detachment of D® Battalion, to D®.....163 13 g

A. 1783.

£. 8. d.

985-----

335 5 10

81 17 4 281 2 —

193 4

546 *7 10

125 5 —

1,074 3 3

1,466 16 6

570 16 9

119 18 10

67 7 8

244 9 —

993 14 6

154 9 —

42 14 2

129 4 5

162 13 6

361 4 10

133 1 4

2,19* 8 9

162 9 —

309 13 5

T©

23 Geo. III. 140 Februarii.

Dates of Treasury Letters-

1782.

August 20. To Messrs. Bisshopp and C°, on Account of 122 Days Subsistence of the lft Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1782, serving in the East Indies -

October 11. To D°, on Account of Subsistence of the 98th Regiment of Foot, to D°, serving in D4 - -

August 24. To Messrs. Cox and C4, on Account of 122 Days Subsistence of the 100th Regiment of Foot, to D4 serving,

in D°.....-

To D°, on Account of 92 Days D4 of D4 Regiment,

to D"....

20. To Mr. Adair, on Account of 122 Days Subsistence of the i02d Regiment of Foot, to D°, serving in the East Indies - '

227

£. s. d. £f. s. dm

42 14 —

870

124 16 —

46

262 6 —

3,889 9 8

£ 1,356,919 i° 2

Army Extra* ordinaries.

N. B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit in a future Account of Extraordinaries for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents of sundry Corps serving in the East Indies.

War Office,

14th February 1783.

Geo. Y,

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of £. 410,068. 6s. 3 being Part of the Sum of One Million granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1782, paid by the Right honourable Isaac Barre.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. August 6.

22.

30.

October 18.

November 1.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanifti and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D4 -To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D4 To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D*

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in D4, in Part of a Warrant for 64,618/. 1 s. 3 d.-----

£ s. d.

51,287 5 4

138,218 1 8

29,259 10 4

25,784 2 11

16,864 3 4

85,501 2 7

n,999 5 10

5i,i54 14 3

410,068 6 3

War Office, 14th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered\

228

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts to Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to be pouted. make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, be prtnted, as Until be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A. 1783.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1782, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

140 Febrm.

Lord

Steward’s

Deputation.

QHARLES Duke of Rutland Lord Steward of His Majesty’s HouQiold, Knight of the raoft noble Order of the Garter, and One of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable William Pitt, the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish, the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, the Right honourable Charles James For, the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the Right honourable WelboreEllis, the Right honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, the Right honourable Isaac B the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, the Right honourable Earl Nugent, the Right honourable Thomas the

Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Earl Vemey, the Right honourable Lord George Cavendish, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Bateman, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Hinchingbrooke, the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, the Plight honourable Thomas Harley, the Right honourable Charles Townshend, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, the Right honourable William Eden, Lord Viscount Althorpe, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Anthony Bacon, John Elxces, Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Baronet, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, William Chaytor, Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, Baronet, Sir John Eden, Baronet, Sir John Thor old. Baronet, Daniel Parka' Coke, Andrew Stuart, Sir George Warren, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Francis Armesley, Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, Henry , William

Baker, Martin Fannereau, John Ord, Sir William

Augustus Cuvynghame, Baronet, George Byng, Chris-

topher Atkinson, William EweSir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, John Baring, William Adam, the Honourable George Augustus North, Lord Viscount Mahon, George Onslow, Sir Edward Astley, Baronet, John Darker, Sir James Cockburne, Baronet, Sir William Dolben, Baronet,

Thomas Steele, Robert Vyner, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, James Wallace, Sir Wiliam Lemon, Baronet, Thomas Gilbert, Richard Jackson,

Thomas Powys, William Stratum, Thomas ston, George Dempster, John Crewe, Humphry Thomas Onlc William LySir George Savile, Baronet, Sir Charles Gouhl, William Drake, Junior, Matthew Brickdale, Francis John Wilkes, Clement

Tadic ay, John Rolle, James Mansfield, William Winchcombe Henry Hartley, William Morton Pitt, Abel Moysey, Sir Richard Hot hum, Bamba’ Gascoyne, Junior, Sir IkutkinLaces, Sir Charles Turner, Baronet, Sir

Henry Hoghton, Baronet, the Honourable Charles Mur-sham, Frauds Page, John Strutt, Archibald Macdonald, Richard Hopkins, Sir William Guise, Baronet, Dudley

Long, Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet, Sir George Come-wall, Baronet, William Plumer, Sir Joseph Afawbcy, Baronet, Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Frederick Montagu, John Robinson, Jervoise Clarke Jervoise, Lord Viscount Dun-cannon, Charles Barrow, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, William Wilberforce. Lord Viscount MaitlandSir Richard Sutton, Baronet, Richard Hill, Lord Viscount Lewisham, Charles

Brett, Jacob Wilkinson, Robert Gregory, Edward Eliot, Charles Aldlish, the Earl of Surrey, John Parry, Robert

Mackreth, Lloyd Kenyon, William Hussey, Ambrose Goddard, Thomas Lucas, Thomas Staunton, William Praed, Philip Yorke, Thomas Whitmore, William Alas-terman, John Webb, James MSir John Baronet, Filmer Honywood, William Graves, Thomas

Stanley, John Kenrick, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Charles Penruddock, Henry Strachey, Sir James Penny-man, Baronet, Henry Resctcarne, Nathaniel Newnham, Samuel Salt, Gabriel Steward, George Graham, Lord Newhaven, William Charles Sloper, Charles Morgan, Sir Walter Rawlinson, Lord Westcote, George Ross, and Robert Smith, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all " Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and " fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, ot shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirty-first Day of October 1780; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, eleCled or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " regulating the Election of Members to serve in the " House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain x‘ called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of " the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons " of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected,

" or to lit or vote as Members of the House of Commons," according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called s Scotland,

3 Geo. Ill-

Scotland, and who was not, were hot, or shall not be* present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner as if I myself had per-

449

fbhally been present and done the fame, Tefh'mony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Seventeenth Day of February, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, y and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, fyc. Arnoque Domini 1783.

Rutland. (L. S.)

170 Februarii.

Luna, 17° die Februarii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Answer to HP H E Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That Addref*. X their Addicts of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the several Commissions and Powers therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Dyed Way Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from Dyed Way to " and from Gawbridge to Fords, and from

" a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in " Martock, in the County of ," was com-

" milted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Barnard An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Castle Inclo- Open Fields, within the Township of Barnard Castle, lure- in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Township of Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Unrated East Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the India Goods. Total Amount of unrated East India Piece Goods, sold at the East India Company’s Sales for March and September 1780, March 1781, and 1782, together

with the Duties paid thereon, distinguishing each Sale.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the

Total Amount of unrated East India Piece Goods exported, of the Sales made by the East India Company, Vol. 39.

in March and September 1780, March 1781, and March 1782, together with the Drawbacks paid or payable thereon, distinguishing each Sale.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Newcastle Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An ?nd, efiLy,ne " Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, DC ° rf*

" called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough " of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford,

" and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors " Rates of the said Parish and Borough," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Lawton, &c. Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Road-Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, the Lord Lewisham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual several Trent and Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Mafey Navi-Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making 6ation* a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir Charles Bunbury, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Dumtngton Heath, within the Dunnington Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick, Heath Inclo-was read a Second Time. *"re-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Lewisham presented to the House, according Birmingham to Order, a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Bir- Canal. mingham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of,

to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the

3 N lower

-230 ij° Februmi. 1783.

lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham: And the same was received; and read the First 1’iine.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

The Lord Mayor of London accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Storkes being examined, said, That he lived near Four Years in the House at the Corner of Fen-thurch Street, which is now burnt down, and the PaflTage

between thence and Gracechurch and Lombard Streets

uled frequently, from the Narrowness thereof, to be obstructed, by Carts and other Carriages. — -That there was seldom a Day passed, when he lived there, but Stoppages happened; and Accidents were so frequent, that he remembered many Instances, where People have been thrown down, and very much hurt, by Carriages, ih eroding over — That Carts have frequently been drove upon the Footway; and his, Shop, which liad a Door in Two Streets, has been used as. a Thoroughfare for an Hour together, on account of those Obstructions. Then

George Dance, EsquirC, Surveyor to the City of London, produced a Plan of the Buildings burnt down, and the proposed Alterations; and said, the same will be . a great Improvement to the Passages, and allb of public Utility. Then

Mr. Joseph Buslman, Allistant Comptroller of the City of London, informed your Committee, That a Petition has been presented to the Loi*d Mayor, Aldernten, and Commons, in Common Council, ligned by a great Number of very respectable Merchants, Traders, and Householders, refid ing near the before-mentioned Tallages, complaining of the Narrowness and Inconvenience thereof, and representing the public Utility that would

arile from the proposed Alterations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening the North-Welt End df Fdnchurch St feel, within the City of London: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Alderman do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Rice, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole floufe, upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Laftage and Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the uie Thames? Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

s*

continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the’ Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die House.;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Representa-Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting tion in Par-forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original liament‘ Excellency of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation, and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Sense of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

!Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Regulating to whom the Petition of several Dyers of Cloth, Bays, the Dying and other Woollen Goods, within the Counties of Trade. dlesex and Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Dyers of Cloths, Bays, and Woollen Goods, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade," was read, by which it appeared, fhat all Persons are restrained from buying Cloths, Bays, fend other Woollen Goods, as or for Mather or Woaded Blacks, with any other Ingredients than such as are particularly mentioned in the said Act; and also from using any Logwood in dying of Cloths, Bays, or other Woollen :Goods, as or for Blue, under certain Penalties therein mentioned; and the Company of Dyers of London are authorized to appoint Persons to be Searchers, who are impowered to enter the Shops and Warehoilfes of all Persons using the Trade of Dyers of Woollen Goods within the City of London, and the Distance of Ten Miles thereof; and the like Authority to appoint Searchers is given to the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter Sessions, within the several other Parts of the Kingdom. Then

Mr. Edward Seward, being examined, said. That though the Company of Dyers are impowered by the said Act to appoint Searchers, they have of late Years neglected so to do — -That many Frauds and Abuses have been 'committed by Persons using the Trade of Dyers of Woollen Goods, by using Ingredients which are prohibited by the said Act, to the Great Diferedit of the ManufacturCs, and the Prejudice of the fair Trader — That since the passing of the said Act, great Improvements' have been made in the dying of Blacks; and it is found, by Experience, that feme of the Ingredients directed to be used by the said Act, are improper-for that Purpose — That it is necessary ’ forae Alterations should be made in the said Act, touching the Ingredients to be used in the dying of Blacks;

Representation in Parliament*

Commissions to treat with America.

Ships of the Line.

23 Geo. III. 17 - Februani.a 31

and also, that more e&ctqtd Provision should be made for the Appointment of Searchers, and for investing them with proper Powers. — And he added. That it is also necessary that feme other Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Act, and further Powers given, in order to preserve the Credit of the said Manufactures,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Saint Edmund's Bury, in the County of Suffolk, was preferred to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Inequality of the present State of Representation, though derived from a Variety of concurrent Causes, appears to the Petitioners to be in no Instance more remarkable than in that of the Privileges of Election exercised in great Towns by a very small Proportion of the Inhabitants, to the Exclusion of the relt, who, content as they might be without the peculiar Privileges annexed to Corporations, cannot at the same time, without Regret, feel themselves destitute of the First of Constitutional Rights, a Share in the Election of those who are chosen to represent them; and that the Two Representatives for Bury are elected by a Corporation, under a Charter from King James the First, consisting, when full, of One Alderman, or First Magistrate, Twelve capital Burgesses, and Twenty-four of the Common Council, the Vacancies being supplied by Election, made according to the Charter by the Corporate Body only; and tie at the Town of Bury is an ancient and well-inhabited Town, conlifting of more than Six thousand Inhabitants, of whom Five hundred and upwards are regularly assessed to the Parish Rates: To the Wisdom and Justice of the House the Petitioners therefore respectfully apply, praying that their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted in the Premises, as shall appear belt adapted to the State and Circumstances of the Town, agreeably to the Constitutional Principles of Repre-fentation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary Tawnshend presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Comuftflion appointing Richard Oswald, Esquire, to be Commissioner to treat, consult of, agree, and conclude jvith any Commissioner or Commissioners named by the . Colonies of New Hampshire, Qc. a Peace or a Truce: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Commission appointing Richard Oswald, Esquire, to treat, consult of, agree, and conclude with any Commissioner ,or Compaiflippers, or Persons vested with equal Power, by end of the Part of the Thirteen United States of America, a Peace or a Truce: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Commission of the United States of America, to John Adams, Betyamin Franklin, John Jay, Henry Laurens, and Thomas Jefferson, Esquires.

Together with a List of thei laid Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by fbe Mepibers of the House.

.The said Papers ,are pneferved; amongst the other Papers of this Seftion.

, Mr. Brett, i from the Comn^ifliqners for, executing the Office of Lord High A,4mu^l of, Great Bri-, Voi»39.

tain, presented to foe House, purseant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names and Rates of His Majesty s Ships of the Line in Progress, on the 31st of March last, to be in the Water before the lft Day of May next.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inherit- p;tt’s Grant ance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land, in or near of Lands at the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park Fetenham. there, called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the pill be comrpitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2,5th Day of this instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Address___________

into Consideration the Preliminary Articles of Peace Peace with between Great Britain, France, and Spain, and the France, Provisional Articles between Great Britain and America, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Townshend, upon the 27 th Day of last,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Articles into Consideration.

And the Translations of the said Preliminary Articles between Great Britain, France, and Spain, and the said Provisional Articles between Great Britain and America, were again read.

A Motion w’as made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble Thanks for having been graciously pleased to lay before us, the Articles of the different Treaties which His Majesty has concluded, and to allure his Majesty that we have confujered them with the most lerious Attention.

To express the great Satisfaction and Gratitude with which we perceive that His Majesty, in the Exercise of the Powers which were intruded to Him, has concluded Provisional Articles with the States of North Amei'ica on such Principles as must, we trust, lay the Foundation of perfect Reconciliation and Friendship with that Country.

That, impressed with these Sentiments, we cannot forbear particularly to lay before His Majesty, our earnest With and just Expectation that the several States of North America will, in (the amplest and most satisfa<5lory Manner, carry into Execution those Measures which the Congress is so solemnly bound by the Treaty to recommend, in' favour of such Persons as have , suffered for the Part they have taken in the War, a Circumstance to which we anxiously look as tending to cement that Good-will and Affefition which we trust will uniformly mark the future Intercourse between us.

And to allure His Majesty, that we are sensible of His wife and paternal Care for the Welfare and Happiness of His Subjects in relieving them from a long and burthensome War, and restoring the Blessings and Advantages of Peace, by the Preliminary Articles agreed upon with the Courts of France and Spain.

To allure His Majesty, that we indulge the most

sanguine

17" — 190 Februarii. A. 1783.

sanguine Hopes, that His Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland will successfully apply their Attention to culti* vate and improve by every possible Means their domestic Resources.

That with these Views we shall apply ourselves to a Revision of our Commercial Laws on the most liberal Principles, and in a Manner adapted to the present Situation of Affairs, for the Purpose of extending our Trade and Navigation on the surest Grounds, and diligently providing for the Maintenance of our Naval Power, which can alone ensure the Prosperity of these Kingdoms.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " and to " assure His Majesty, that" in the First Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " His faithful Commons will proceed to consider the same with that serious and full Attention " which a Subject of such Importance to the present " and future Interests of His Majesty’s Dominions " deserves: That, in the mean Time, they entertain " the fullest Confidence in His Majesty’s paternal " Care, that He will concert with His Parliament " such Measures as may be expedient for extending " the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects. That " whatever may be the Sentiments of His faithful " Commons on the Result of their Investigation of " the Terms of Pacification, they beg Leave to assure " His Majesty of their firm and unalterable Resolution. " to adhere inviolably to the several Articles for which " the Public Faith is pledged, and to maintain the " Blessings of Peace, so necessary to His Majesty’s " Subjects, and the general Happiness of Mankind," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas <fThe Lord Maho,l> \ 208

letters for the 1 eas,^Mr J 2 8,

rp 11 c u xt /The Lord 1____

Tellers for the Noes,|Mr Byng . J- 224.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed, That the Words " His faithful Commons will proceed to consider the " same with that serious and full Attention which a " Subject of such Importance to the present and future Interests of His Majesty’s Dominions deserves: " That, in the mean Time, they entertain the fullest " Confidence in His Majesty’s paternal Care, that " He will concert with His Parliament such Measures as may be expedient for extending the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects. That whatever " may be the Sentiments of His faithful Commons " on the Result of their Investigation of the Terms " of Pacification, they beg Leave to assure His Majesty of their firm and unalterable Resolution to " adhere inviolably to the several Articles for which (< the Public Faith is pledged, and to maintain the Blessings of Peace, so necessary to His Majesty’s * Subjects, and the general Happiness of Mankind," be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inferring, after the Words " Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects," these Words, " and His Majesty’s faithful Commons feel that it " would be superfluous to express to His Majesty the " Regards due from this Nation to every Description " of Men, who, with the Risque of their Lives, and " the Sacrifice of their Properties, have distinguistied " their Loyalty, and Fidelity during a long and calamitous W'ar."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was rtfoived in the Affirmative.

Then the said proposed Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble Thanks, for having been graciously pleased to lay before us the Articles of the different Treaties which His Majesty has concluded; and to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will proceed to consider the same with that serious and full Attention which a Subject of such Importance to the present and future Interests of His Majesty’s Dominions deserves: That, in the mean Time, they entertain the fullest Confidence in His Majesty’s paternal Care, that He will concert with His Parliament such Measures as may be expedient for extending the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects: And His Majesty’s faithful Commons feel, that it would be superfluous to express to His Majesty the Regards due from this Nation to every Description of Men, who, with the Risque of their Lives, and the Sacrifice of their Properties, have distinguished their Loyalty and Fidelity during a long and calamitous War.

That whatever may be the Sentiments of His faithful Commons on the Result of their Investigation of the Terms of Pacification, they beg Leave to assure His Majesty of their firm and unalterable Resolution to adhere inviolably to the several Articles for which the Public Faith is pledged, and to maintain the Blessings of Peace, so necessary to His Majesty’s Subjects, and the general Happiness of Mankind.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committees, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till near Eight of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tobacco. House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in finall Packages.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Supply, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Ways and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Februarii;

Annp 23" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE Lord Mayor of London, according to Or- importation der, reported from the Committee of the whole of Rice, &c. House, to whom the Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Com, and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

and

iiffSruaftii $$$

arid which thtey farid dltoftftl Mrii so iefibtt to the' tlorise;: arid he read the Report ih his Plifcfc; arid afterwards delivered the bill, with the Ameridments, iri tit fob Clerks Table: Where the Amendtrient§ Wete Once rfead throughout; and then a Second Time, Odd by One'; ririd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by thfe House; and feveWd Airieridmenb were made, by thw House, to the Bill. ' ' . ,!

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrbfied.

1 The House being inforiried that Mr, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he Was' edited in; and, rit the Bar, preferited to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Hour, *c. An Account of all Flour, Corn, and Malt, exported jxported. from England, from the lft of October 1782 to the lit of January 1783; distinguishing the Parts to which such Exportation has been made: And also,

F.xports and Ah. Account of the Value of all Good?, Wares, and Imports. Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, that Part, of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1778 to Chiistmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and each Place. ' ' 1 ' '

And then he withdrew.

’ And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Spirits. The House being informed that Mr. Baton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order?,

‘ An Account of the Quantity of Spirits now in

the Warehouses for Exportation^ lb far as the same crin be made up at the Office of General Excise in London distinguishing the Materials from which such Spirits were made :1 Atj'd also,

’ ’An* Account of the Quantities of Spirits made in England and Wales, from the 5th of July 1770 to the 5th of Jtili) 1^82; distinguishing eafch Year, and the Materials from which made.

And then he withdrew.

And fob Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved ampngft the other Papers of this Session.

Dyea Way An ingrblTed foil for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads. of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, " arid froth Gawbridge to, Tmtinhull Fords, and from " a Stream of Water called to Cart gate, in

v " Martook, in the County of Somerset," was read the

Third Time. ' 1

' tlesoived,' Thai the Bin do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Dyed Way to Soinerton, and, from " Gawbridge to Tmtinhull Fords, and from a Stream of " Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the " County of Somerset"

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wilden Ferry Ordered, That Mr. Abel Smith and Mr. Robert Smith to Gainibo- be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare rough Navi- an(j bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the ga ion. River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the

Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in toe County of Lincoln, and for im-Vol. S9.

poWeidng f*rirfons daVigattng* Vessels foeteofi so hdl^ toe stole With'HkfrfeS. ’; ‘ ’ 1 '

’ J I :/'J ’ ’ 1 J 2 it ’ *< r-l / . V 1 .0^' ID l!.| ! V _

1 A Petitibri of the Gchuj^ers of Hdules hi foil Pari df St Andrew the Street'crilfed. Dotb&rViarid iri Middie R&w, which H°,*wra He in the parish of Saint’ ^Andrew Hcdbbm above iJilt P<mn®* Bars, in the County of Middlesex, was pfefented tb thfe House, Arid read; Setting forth, Thrit the Peti-tidnerS obferVe, by the Votteri, tfiit a Petition of the Ihhabit&rits find OwrierS of Horifes arid other- Buildings -in the Pririlhes oif Saint Gileb in the Fields rind Samt George Bloomsbury, hath beeri jJrrfented; to toe House1, for Derive to bring in a Bill! for taking tori present Power of pricing, cleansing, 'arid Hghtiti& fobife Parishes out of the . Hand? of the Commislioriers1 appointed by feVeiral Act? blf Prirliament Ifbr paving, 'cleansing, arid lighting, the Streets, Sqbares, and other Places, with in the City and Liberty of Westminster, rind Parts adjacent, and for veiling the same in the Vestrymeri of the said Parishes; and that the Petitioner? are1 informed, that Application hath been or will be: made to the House, tb include iti the said intended Bill so much of the said Street called Holborn ris lies in the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, and for paving, cleansing, and fighting the fame, , f

Under the Direction and Management of the Vriftry-men of the said Parishes; end representing to the flbuie, ..... that the said Street, and &\(o Middle Rotv, werfe paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue bf a Clause (called the Optional. Clause) contained ih an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to paving, cleansing, and fighting, the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, within the said City and Liberty, and Parts adjacent, arid tfife Sum of 10,800l. or thereabouts, hath been borrowed by the said Commissioners thereon,: which now remains unpaid, rind Hands charged upon the Houses in the said Street and Middle Row', and that the Petitioners are at a very great Annual Expence in keeping the said Street and Middle Row in Repair, arid in lighting and cleansing the lame, by paying a Rate of Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound for that Purpose; and toe Petitioners apprehend, that the Paving, cleansing, and lighting, foe laid Part of toe laid Street called which lies in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, and also Middle Row, iriight be more conveniently done, and at a, less Expence than at present, if the Direction rind Management thereof was vested in the Committee for the Time being for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, in case the same shall pais into a Law, that the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Part of the said Street called Holborti, and also Middle Row, . which lie in the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, may be vetted in, and placed under, the Direction and Management of the Committee for thbTiirie being, for paving, fighting, and driarifing, foe said Unifod Parishes, in such. Mariner, and under fuqh Regulation^, as foal! appear proper, or that the Petitioners rriay have such other Relief, or be placed under such other Direction and Management, as to the House shall feera meet . t.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to foe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine foe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear, to them, to the House: 1 .

And it is , referred to Mr. Byhg, Sir Cedi Wray,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine 'of, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chrimber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

3 O A Petition

Cutwater

Harbour.

234 10° Februarii. 1783.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Buraeftes, Common Councilmen, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read;, Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, in the Votes, a Petition of Stephen Drew and William Dunstercille, for Leave to bring in a Bill for deanfwg, clearing, and rendering more safe and commodious, and keeping clean, the Harbour of Ca/« water, within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for erecting a Wall at Mount Batton, and other Purposes; and that the Petitioners having been informed that, to carry the same into Execution, a very heavy Impost is intended to be laid on all Shipping frequenting the Port of Plymouth, are alarmed at a Plan lb highly injurious to the Public in general, and to the Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth in particular: And therefore praying to be beard, by their Counsel, to prevent the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for cleaning, clearing, and rendering more lafe and commodious, the Harbour of Catwater, within the Port of Plymouth, in the County. of Devon, be brought in.

pledged, and to maintain the Blefiings of Peace, so necessary to His Majesty’s Subjects, and the general Happiness of Mankind) had been presented to His Maje%; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament, and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal, from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His, Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly $

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, upon the said Bill. ( ,

Lift ace and Balluitage in tbi Thames.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ssshl's Nat An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinhold Seehl, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Strahan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Renaud’i.&c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat> for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Frances

Daniel Renaud, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Perceval, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Aofwer to The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Addn&. Address of Monday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for having been graciously pleased to lay before them the Articles of the different Treaties which His Majesty has concluded;, and to assure his Majesty, that His faithful Commons will proceed to consider the same with that serious and full Attention which a Subject of such Importance to the present and future interests of His Majesty’s Dominions deserves: That, in the mean Time, they entertain the fullest Confidence in His Majesty’s paternal Care, that he will concert with His Parliament such Measures as may be expedient for extending the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects: And His Majesty’s faithful Commons feel, that it would be fupeiftuous to express to His Majesty the Regards due from this Nation to every Description of Men, who, with the Risque of their Lives, and the Sacrifice of their Properties, have distinguished their Loyalty and Fidelity during a long and calamitous War: That whatever may be the Sentiments of His faithful Commons on the Result of their Investigation of the Terms of Pacification, they beg Leave to assure His Majesty of their firm and unalterable Resolution to adhere inviolably to the several Articles for which the Public Faith is

3

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being now read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned}

The House was called over, and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, feme upon account of their own Illnef$,or of the libels or Death of near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or employed on the Public Service.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of March next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an A Gt,made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon " Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in small Packages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the -Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornbg, Ten of the Clock.

Ireland — Legislative Rights of Parliament.

Call of the House.

Duties on Tobacco.

Supply.

Ways and Meausw

Rotherhithe Paving, &c.

23 Ge.o. III. FebfmriU 553 5

y j . > ): i y »; \ , L

J<yois. 20' die Feb

> . s , Vy i I , 1»

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Rfegis, 1783.

-i: ;:

Prayers. . 1 .1 .

THE Lord Althorpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Blackburn being examined, said, He was well acquainted with the Parish of Rotherhithe — That the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Parish, are ill-paved, cleansed, and lighted, and are also greatly incumbered with Potts, and annoyed with Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, and other Obstructions, whereby they are rendered incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous to the Inhabitants, and others, resorting thereto.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, a Calculation he had made of the original Expence of paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the said Pa-rith, which amounts to 5,580/.: And he added, that it is proposed to borrow that Sum by Life Annuities, not exceeding 10/. per Cent.; which, in a few Years, inuft fink — That the Interest of the Money borrowed, together with the Annual Expence of repairing the Pavements, and cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Parish, will amount to 1,585/.; and that it is proposed to make a Rate in the Parish not exceeding -is. 3 d.in the Pound, which, allowing for every Deficiency, will exceed the Sum wanted by about tool, a Year — Then Mr. Henry Mills, an Inhabitant of the Parish, was examined, who confirmed Mr. Blackburn's Evidence with respefit to the State of the Pavements, and Obstructions in the Streets; and he further said, that there is no regular Watch kept in the said Parish, except such as is paid by private Subscription; and that there are no Lamps in the lower Part of the Town, nor any but private ones in the upper Part. — That he was born in the Parish, and remembers about 40 or 50 Years ago, there was hardly a Cart kept in the Town, and that now there are more than Fifty employed in a Day, besides many Coaches — That if the Parish was properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants and Persons resorting thereto, who are at present exposed to the Violence of Footpads, House-breakers, and other Disturbers of the Public Peace; and that there are not at present sufficient Powers for those Purposes.

William Wells, Esquire, and Mr. Peter confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence, except the Calculation made by Mr. Blackburn — And Mr. Mestaer added, that the Parishes of and Shadwell, on the opposite Side of the River, have been very iquch improved since Powers were granted for paving, lighting, and watching the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Paffeges, within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, Vol. 39.

otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that the Lord Althorpe and Sir Joseph Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Andes^on Pelham Reported from1 the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal "Inhabitants, HouseholderS, Owners tmd Occupiers of Lands, Traders^, Dealers, and others, within the Wapentakes of Yarbrough, Bradley, Haverstmo, and Manley,

and the Parish of Kirlon, in the Hundred of -

ringham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and’ had directed him to report the fathe, as it ap-j peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered’ it in at thd Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is ai followeth; viz. ". '

To prove the Allegations of the faiti Petition, Mr! John Turner being examined, said. That there ar^ several Manufactories carried on within the said Wapentakes and Parish, particularly at Brigg, such as the Corn Trade, Coal Trade, and Furriers Trade — That many Persons contract small Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Dif-couragement which Creditors lie under from the Delays and Expences attending the Recovery of such Debts in the County Court at Lincoln, which is upwards of Thirty Miles distant from the greatest Part of the Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Wapentakes.

And the Witness added, that the Neighbourhood in general are desirous of a more speedy Method of recovering small Debts, which would tend to the Encouragement of Trade, and promote Industry.

Mr. Richardson confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debtgj within the Wapentakes of Yarbrough and Bradley Haverstow (except the Parish of and within the Wapentakes of Walshcroft and , and Parish

of Kirton, in the Hundred of Corringharn, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Anderson Pelham and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Shane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Stephen Fuller and Rose , of London, Merchants, and Stephen Robinson and John Bowman, of London, Navy Agents, appointed Attornies and Agents by the Right honourable George Augustus Elliott, Governor of Gibraltar, Sir Curtis, Knight, and John Gibson, Esquire, Lieutenant , Colonel of the Marine Brigade at the Port of to receive

the Head Money and other Monies anting from the Defeat and Deuruftion of the Ten Spanish Battering Ships of War on the 13th of September, and the Capture of the Spanish Ship of War of 72 Guns, called The Saint Miguel, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in qt the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several original Papers and Documents were produced to your Committee, by which it appeared,

That on the Morning of the 13th of September 1782, Ten Spanish Battering Ships of War made an Attack on Gibraltar, and had then on board 5,246 Men alive, and 178 Guns, or thereabouts; and that bn the 1 oth Day of October, a Spanish Ship of War, called The Saint Miguel, Itruck her Colours, and fur-rendered to the said Garrison and Marine Department . . j i ..... at

.. V.-.I 1 W, I I V 1 j.; . 1 .

Yarbrough, &c. Small Debts.

Bounty to tht Garrison of Gibraltar.

ab* Febru. A. 1783.

alt Gibraltar, having on board 6$8 Mtin alive, and 72 Guns.

And it further appeared, that George Augustus Elliott Governor and Commander in Chief of the Town and Garrison of Gibraltar, and Roger Curtis, Esquire (now Sir Roger Curti, Knight) Brigadier General and Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in the Mediterranean, had, on Behalf of themselves, and on Behalf of the Generals, Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of the Garrison of Gibraltar, and on the Behalf of the Commissioned, Warrant, and Betty Officers, Marines, and Soldiers, of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at that Port, under their Command respectively, nominated and appointed the said Petitioners their Agents and Attornies, to take care of all the Concerns and Interests which they should have, or should accrue to them, on Account of the burning and destroying the said Spanish Battering Ships of War, and of the Surrender of the said Spanish Ship of War, and also all Head Money, Gun Money, Bounty Money, and other Monies which might become due and payable on the Account aforesaid; and that- the Petitioners had presented a Memorial to the Commissioners of JTis Majesty’s Navy, to obtain Payment of Head Money of Five Pounds for,.every Man alive on board-the said Ten Battering Ships of War, and the said Spanish Ship of War as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the A6ks of the Nineteeth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty; but that the Treasurer and Cona-missioners of the Navy did not think themselves sufficiently authorized to pay the same, alledging, that the destroying the said Battering Ships of War by the said Garrison, and the surrendering of the said Spanish Ship of War to the said Garrison and Marine Department, did not come within the Provisions of the said Acts of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Ripley, Nid, Brearton, Scotton, Scriven, Little

stan. North Deighton, Kirk and

several other Places in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, was read; by which it appeared, that , the High Road leading from ihrough Spofforth, Knaresborough, , Scaroe, Pate-ley Bridge, Greenhaugh Hill, and Hebden, to

ton, in the County of York, was authorized to be repaired and amended: And,

Mr. Robert Stockdale being examined, said, That the Tolls collected on the said Road are a very scanty Security for the Money advanced upon the Credit thereof.

That the High Road, leading from Wetherby, through Kirk Deighton, North Deighton, and Little Ribstan, to Knaresborough, is shorter, less hilly, and more commodious for Travellers, than through

forth; and would, if repaired and converted into a

Turnpike Road, be of public Utility, by obviating the present Difficulties that subsist upon the other Branch, leading through Spofforth, which, on Account of several steep Banks, and particularly by the Ascent to the Town of Knaresborough, is rendered almost im-pafiable for loaded Carriages; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

The Witness added, that thp incorporating the said new-iqtended Road with that Branch of the Turnpike Road from Wetherby to Grassington, which leads from Kparesborough, through Spaffbrth tq Wetherby, would strengthqn the Security for the Money already advanced and expended thereon. , .

Ordered, That Leave be given to spring in a Bill for repairing, and widening the Roads leading from W<dherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York: And that Mr. Mellish and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffqe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Giles Hudson, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further explaining a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain; And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, q Lift of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War that were in Ordinary, or Harbour Service, on the 21st Day of March 1782, in either of the Ports of Portsmouth,. Plymouth, Chatham, or Sheemess.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the State and Condition of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War employed in Home Service, agreeable to the last Weekly Accounts preceding the 21st Day of March 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the State and Condition of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War on Foreign Service, and on the Coasts of Scotland or Ireland, according to the last Accounts received at the Admiralty from the Commanders in Chief on the several Stations Abroad, or from the Senior Officer of any Squadron of King’s Ships on Foreign Stations, and oh the Coasts of Scotland or Ireland, according to the Weekly Returns of the nearest Date to the 21st of March 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Senior Officer of His Majesty’s Ships in the Bay of Honduras, and the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and Indian Chiefs,' between the Month of September 1779 and the Month of January following, as the same were transmitted by Sir Peter Parker to the Board of Admiralty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January 1774 to the 5th of January 1783; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax.

The House was moved, That the Report which,

upon

Chippenham

Writ.

Children of Natural born Subjects.

Ships in Ordinary.

Ships on Home Service.

Ships on

Foreign

Service.

Correspondence with IndianChiefs.

Net Produce of Taxes.

Whitehill’s

Forfeiture.

2% Geo. III. 20° — a to Februarii. 237

upon the 13th Day of this Instant ,was made

from the: Committee, to whom the Petition of John iVI/ikhill, Esquire, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John F.squire, to

return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and ESects forfeited in Consequence of the said Act, and for reltraining him from going out of this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; and for discovering his Estate and Efflfts, and preventing the transporting or alienuting the fame: And that Mr. Dempster and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lleytefbury A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord lncioiure. Viilount Weymouth, was presented to the IJoufe, and read; Taking notice of the 13111 for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of,

in the County of Witts; and letting forth, That Janies Stirling Somber, Doctor in Diviuitv, as Prebendary of One Moiety of the Prebend of the Parish of and of Tytherington, in the said Parish of Heytesbury, and the Reverend Charles Green, Clerk, as Prebendary of the other Moiety of the said Prebend, are severally and respectively endowed with the Half Parsonage, and a Moiety or Half Part of the Tithes of Horningham and Tytherington, and certain Glebe Lands at Tytherington, in the Parish of Heytesbury aforesaid, and also, with the Moiety of a Messuage and Buildings, and l'undrv Glebe Lands, at Horningham (which laid Parish of Horningham is situate within about Six Miles /rom the said Parish of Heytesbury); and the Petitioner, and Richard Crowch, Esquire, are Lessees under the said Prebendaries; and that it would tend much to the Advantage and Conveniency of the said James Stirling Somber and Charles Green, and to the Petitioner and the said Richard Crcrwch, as their Lessees, if an Exchange or Division of the said Prebendal Estates could be made: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the said Exchange or Division, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to w hom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Pains, Ac. The House, according to Order, proceeded to the on Rum bold further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inllifting an cmng. certain pajns an(] Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mif-demeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold was, in Part, heard.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Vol. 39.

Sir William Guise presented to the Hdtife, accord- Leacbiad* ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Canal, gable Canal, from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at Wallbridge, near the Town of and

all'o a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tobacco Honfc, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in flnall Packages.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris. 21° die Februarii;

Anno 23" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

TDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjournment. of the House, this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army, suant to their Order,

N° 1. Return of the Cavalry in South Britain: And also,

N° 2. Ditto of the Infantry in Ditto: And also,

N° 3. Ditto of Additional Companies in Ditto: And also,

N° 4. Ditto of the Cavalry in North Britain: And also,

N° 5. Ditto of the Infantry in Ditto: And also,

N° 6. Ditto of the Regiment and Independent Comp-nies of Invalids*in South Britain, Jersey, and And also,

N° 7. Ditto of the Militia Forces in South Britain:

And also,

N° 8. Ditto of the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar:

And also,

N° 9. Ditto of the Forces at Goree, and of Two Independent Companies sent there: And also,

N° 10. Ditto of the British Forces in Canada: And also,

N° 11. Ditto of the German Forces in Ditto: And also,

N° 12. Ditto of the British, German, and Provincial Forces under the Command of General Sir Guy Carle-ton, on the Coast of the Atlantic: And also,

N° 13. Ditto of the Forces at Nextjoundland: And also, '

N° 14. Ditto of the Forces in the Leeward Islands:

And also,

N° 13. Ditto of the 69th Regiment on board the Fleet in the West Indies: And also,

N° 16. Ditto of the Forces at Jamaica: And also,

N° 17. Ditto of the lft Battalion of the 73d Regiment in the East Indies: And also,

N° 18. Ditto of the 78th Regiment on their Passage for Ditto: And also,

N° 19. Ditto of the Forces under the Command

3 P of.

a$8 210 Februarii. 1783.

of General Moderate, on their Pgffage for Ditto; And also,

N* 20. Ditto of Ditto, under Sir on

their Passage for Ditto.

Together with a Schedule of the (kid Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Henfhaw, 4c. Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord-Inclosure. ing j0 Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Hen-shaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hatfield Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to

Chare whom the Bill for more effectually draining and pre-

Drainage. serving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of

Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 785 Acres, who declared themselves neuter, of 642 Acres, who either could not be met with, or have not given any Answer to the Application that had been made to them for their Consent, and of 130 Acres, who refused to sign foe Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands included in the Bill, consists of 13,796 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossfed.

North Deigh- The House proceeded to take into Consideration ton Inclosure. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North in the County of

York.

' And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 9. After " whatsoever," insert, " Provided " always, That no Exchange to be " made a9 aforesaid by the said " Richard Thompson, and his Successors, as Re&ors of Kirk Deighton aforesaid, shall be good and " valid, without the Consent and " Approbation in Writing, under the " Hand and Seal of the Archbishop " of York, and of the Patron for " the Time being."

Pr- 23. 1. 30. After " only," insert, " other than " and except only the said Richard " Thompson, and tm Successors, " Rectors of Kirk Deighton aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Wapping the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Poor> &c-thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabit' ants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets within the said Parish: and also,

An Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London, were read: And

Mr. Andrew Burt being examined, said, That the Provision in the said First-mentioned Act contained, with respect to the Nomination of Trustees (their Appointment being for Life, so far as relates to the Poor,; may be attended with Inconveniences, and that it would lie for the Advantage of the Parish if Power were given to choose Trustees for the Management of the Poor Annually, as is done by virtue of the said Second-mentioned Act in the Parish of Saint George — That the Pow'ers of the said Act for Relief of the Poor in Saint John of Wapping, have been found defective in other Respects, and particularly with regard to the Qualification of Trustees, there being no Penalty on Persons acting who are not qualified as the Act directs — That the Clause restraining Persons from acting as Trustees while they hold any Place of Profit, or have any Contract under the Act, is also without any Penalty; and that other Powers and Provisions thereof require Amendment and Alteration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish: And that Mr.

Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry Bridgeman reported from the Committee, Stafford to to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- S mdon Road, ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and

23 Geo. III.

2i° Februarii.

3 39

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; / and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severalty put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Seehl’s Nat. Mr. Ekies reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ephraim was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the hill, and found the same so be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the faitl Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Elms do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Renaud’s, ice. Nat.

Mr. Elms reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dirofted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elms do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Birmingham A Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal. Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extehfion of Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westhromaich, to B Eire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to Join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the rarfth of Tanrworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of , was, according to

Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lewisham, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ckick, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Edinburgh The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Shirt statute House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating and Work. rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Representa- A Petition of the Resident Burgesses of the Borough tion m Par- of Derby, in the County of Derby, and of the Inha-liament bitants, Housekeepers in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners deem the Representation of the People of England in Parliament to be in general very disproprotionate, and particularly that of the Borough of Derby, for there are near Twelve thousand Inhabitants in the said Borough, about Two thousand of which are Vol. 39-

Housekeepers, and ho more than Four hundred and Thirty are Burgesses, and do now vote for Members to serve in Parliament for ’ the said Borough; and that the said Members were formerly chosen by the said Burgesses, who had obtained their Franchise by Birth or Servitude, but of late Years the Corporation have tflade great Numbers of Honorary Burgesses for the said Borough, merely to serve Election Purposes, Confiding of People who have no Interest or Property within the said Borough (as will appear by the Lift annexed to the Petition) the greatest Part of whom never come near it, except to be made Burgesses, or to vote at Elections; and that the said Non-resident Honorary Burgesses are now so numerous as to overturn and totally destroy the Franchise of the said Resident Burgesses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, end to adopt such Measures, as that a more equal Representation in general may take place, and the Right of Election for the said Borough in future may be in the Resident Burgesses, and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot only.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing Navy — the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ^Iafters and presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Commander*.

A Lift of the Masters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed oil the lft Day of November last: And also,

A Lift of the Masters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed on the 31st of January 1783:

And also,

A Lift of the Masters and Commanders, and of the Post Captains, unemployed on the 31st Day of March 1782.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Cocoa Nuts, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from this Kingdom as Merchandize.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Trade with the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade America* and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America: And that Mr. Secretary Townshend, Mr. James Grenville, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That, in Confident- Resolution* tion of the public Faith, which ought to be preserved to maintain inviolable, this House will support His Majesty in ren- p^^reat^ of dering firm and permanent the Peace to be Concluded definitively, in consequence of the Provisional Treaty and Preliminary Articles, which have been laid before this House.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, in Concurrence with His Majesty's paternal Regard for His People, employ its bell Endeavours to improve the Blessings of Peace to the Advantage of His Crown and Subjects.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Acknowledg-posed, That His Majesty, in acknowledging the Inde- in8 the lnd* pendence of the United States of America, has acted as *

the Circumstances of Affairs indispensaWy required, and in conformity to the Sense of Parliament;

And

240

2i* — 240 Februarii.

A. 1783.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question,. by inferring, after the Word " these

Words, " by virtue of the Powers veiled in Him, by the " Act of the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain " Colonies in North Am

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Resolved, That His Majesty, in acknowledging the Independence of the United States of America, by virtue of the Powers veiled in Him by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America, has acted as the Circumstances of Affairs indispensably required, and in Conformity to the Sense of Parliament.

Concessions A Motion was made, and the Question being put, io the Treaty That the Concessions made to the Adversaries of Great Britain, by the said Provisional Treaty and Preliminary Articles, are greater than they were entitled to, either from the actual Situation of their respective Possessions, or from their comparative Strength;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp ,1 cv f The Lord Maitland, ]

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr j 207.

Tellers for the Noes / The Lord Mal, on> \

I ellers for the J\ oes, j Mp Macdonald:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

voted too great.

190,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Saturday

Morning, adjourned of the Clock.

till Monday Morning, Ten

Whitehill's

Forfeiture.

Luna, 24° dieFebruani;

Anno 23° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1783. Prayers.

MR. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehall, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehillhis F.hate and Effects, forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a Time to he limited; and for discovering his Estate and Effifts, and preventing the transporring or alienating the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bounty to the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Oamion of to rcf0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Oibraltar.

to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Stephen Fuller, and Rose Fuller, of London, Merchants, and Stephen Robinson and John Bowman, of London, Navy Agents, appointed Attornies and Agents by the Right honourable George Augustus Elliott, Governor of Gibraltar, Sir Roger Curtis, Knight, and John Gibson, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel of the Marine Brigade at the Port of Gibraltar, to receive the Head Money and other Monies arising from the Defeat and Destruction of the Ten Spanish Battering Ships of War on the 13th of September, and the Capture of the Spanish Ship of War of Seventy-two Guns, called The Saint Miguel, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Morion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Mayor of London accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy to pay to the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Battering Ships of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is by Two Acts of the 19th ansi 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

And the Lord Mayor of London moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy to pay to the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Battering Ships of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is, by Two Acts of the 19th and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy:

And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Sloane, Mr.

D'Oyly, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Leafhiade Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing within Canal, the Hundreds of Farringdon, Shrivenham, Ganfield,

Hornier, Ock, and Wantage, and Places adjacent, in the County of Berks, and the Hundred of Bampton, and Places adjacent, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, redding within the Hundreds of Cricklade, Highworth, Staple, and Malmsbury, and Places adjacent, in the County of

Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in Parliament for forming a Junction between the hivers Severn and Thames, by a Canal to be cut from or near Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, to Leachlade, in the same County, which will not only be of public Utility to this Kingdom in

general.

feytefbury

uciofure.

Yarbrough, &c. Small Debts.

23 Geo. III. 24° Februarii. 241

general, but also of the greatest Advantage to the Petitioners, and others residing within the said Hundreds, and Places adjacent, by facilitating the Carriage, and thereby reducing the exorbitant Price, of Fuel and other Necessaries of Lite: And therefore praying, That the said 13111 may pal's into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 87 Acres and Three Roods of Land, and of Two Common Right Houses, who refuted to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted, contains 3,552 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 134 Common Right Houses; and that no Person ap|>eared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Wapentakes of Yarbrough and Bradley Hare(except the Parish of Laccby) and within the Wapentakes o and Manley, and Pai ifh of Kir ton, in the Hundred of Corringham, in the County of Lincoln: And the fatne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in Guernsey and lhom 25th De-

cember 1782 to 24th April 1783, both iwclusive, btwtg 121 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, being 121 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and AJrica, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both Days inclusive: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1783.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to thfe House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties for the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great , pursuant to

Treaties for the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments ol Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783, both inclusive, being 90 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment bf Light Dragoons, and Seven Battalions of Foot, for Service in Last India, from 25th December 1782 to 24th December 1783, both inclusive, being 363 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Additional to His Majesty’s Forces, for the respective Times within mentioned in the Year 1782: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in North America, from 25th December to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, being 121 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; vie.

Vol. 39.

3 Q, ESTIMATE

Army

Eltunates.

242

240 Februarii. . 1783.

Army

Estimate*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in Guernsey and Jersey, from 25th December 178a to 24th April 1783, both inclusive; being 121 Days.

{First Troop of Horse Guards -Second D° -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D° -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

Dragoons.

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D0 -Third D°

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -Lieut. General Preston's Lord Southampton's Lieut. General Carpenters Lieut. General Johnstone's Sir Henry Clinton's Lieut. General Pitt's Lieut. General Johnstone's

Light Dragoons.'

Sir George Augustus Eliott's -Major General Harcourt's Lieut General Manners's Major General Philipson's Major General Douglas's Lord Viscount Fielding's Corps Major Lister's Corps

Foot

Guards.

Foot.

{First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of D°

Third Regiment of D° -Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, 2 Battalions Lieut. General Jones's Regiment Sir William Boothby's -

Lord Say and Sele's -

Sir Robert Murray Keith's Lieut. General Murray's -

Lieut General Fawcett's -

Lieut General Robertson's -

Sir John Sebright's -Major General Wynyard's -

Lieut General Mackay's -

Lieut General Tayler’s Sir William Erskine's -Major General St. John's -

Lieut General Haviland’s

Lieut. General Vaughan's -

Sir Guy Car let on's -Lieut. General SorelTs -Sir Thomas Wilson's -

Earl of EgUntoune's -Lieut General Trapaud's Lieut. General Morris's -Lieut. General Matthew's -

Lieut. General Cakraft's -

General Lambton's -Earl of Balcarres's -Earl of Lincoln's -

Major General Murray's -

Pay of the

Numbers* Troops TOTAL.

and Regiments,

&e.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

181 17,605 3 4

181 - 17,605 3 4

174 - 10,870 18 4

173 - 10,743 3 4

3>9 1,028 26,054 18 4 82,879 6 %

427 - 21,528 18 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

287 - 14,730 15 10

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4 ‘

286 3,288 14,685 3 4 168,426 A O

412 - 19,037 15 10

412 * 19,037 15 10

412 - 19,037 15 10

412 - 191037 15 10

412 - 19,037 15 10

276 - 12,668 10 JO

207 2,543 9,433 14 7 117,291 A *7

4 7

2,033 . 52,064 4 2

1,305 - 33,668 4 2

1,305 - 33,722 *9 2

1,762 - 33,671 5 —

881 - 16,963 7 6

881 - 16,963 7 6

469 - 11,877 14 2

74i - 15,260 — 10

881 - 16,963 7 6

74i - 15,260 — 10

74i - 15,260 — 10

881 - 16,963 7 6

469 - 11,877 14 2

469 — 11,877 14 2

469 - 11,877 14 2

74i 15,260 — 10

901 - 17,894 2 6 ,

881 - 16,963 7 6

74i 15,260 — 10

469 - 11,877 14 2

74i to 15,260 — 10

881 - 16,963 7 6

74i 15,260 — 10

881 - 16,963 7 6

74i 15,260 — 10

469 11,877 14 2

74i - 15,260 — 10

901 17,894 2 6

i,053 19,837 15 —

1,020 19,308 10 —

1,169 21,042 5 r 1 Major

23 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

243

Major General Gordon's Major General Scott's -

Earl of Harringtons -

Major General StLeger's - -Lord Viscount Ch - -Colonel Keating's -

Major General M -Major General Tottenham's Colonel Ackland's -

Colonel Stuart's -

Colonel M'Cormick's -Major General Robert Prescott's Major General Reid's -

Foot. Colonel JVhyte's -

Major General Douglas's -Major Dalrymple's Corps -

Major Whitfield's

Major Waller's ... - -

Major Elford's - -

Major FM’s -

Sir Thomas Eger ton's -

Earl Fauconberg's Regiment -

Colonel North's Corps -

Isle of Man Corps -

Detachments from Lieut. General Burgoyne's, Earl Percy's, and Lieut. General Maitland's Regiments -

{Lieut. General Wren's Regiment Thirty-six Independent Companies, with a Major Commandant, at Jersey

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account -

Total per Annum -

inclusive, amounts to

Pay of the

Numbers. Regiments, &c. t o;t a l.

1,169 ' £ s. d. £ s. d.

- 21,042 5 —

1,169 - 21,042 5 —

687 - 13,605 7 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

687 - 13,605 7 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

687 - 13,733 2 6

687 m 13,733 2 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

687 - 13,605 7 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

827 - 15,472 19 2

827 - 15,308 14 2

690 - 14,317 2 6

588 - 10,478 10 10

545 - 10,399 9 2

545 - 10,399 9 2

545 - 10,399 9 2

545 - 10,399 9 2

499 — 'V - 9,413 19 2

827 - 15,472 19 2

415 - 7,643 14 2

348 " 6,077 5 —

156 43,664 3,723 — — 895,174 13 4

905 - 13,949 1 8

3.250 4 1 c/r 48,040 1 8 61,989

D 3 4

- - 32,218 16 —

- - 20,000 — — 52,218

10 —

54,678 m - £. 1,377,979 8 1

1782 to 24th j ipril 1783, both"! 456,904 19 9

War Office, 24th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th December

1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive; being 121 Days.

Charge for 121 Da vs.

-O 0 3 - jC- d-15,561 17 2

War Office,

24th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo L. 39.

ESTIMATE

Army

Estimates.

G.

Army

Ellimatet.

244

2 40 Februarii.

A. 1783;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 121" Days, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both Days inclusive.

General Gage's Regiment of Light Dragoons Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers Lieut. General Style's Regiment of Foot -Lieut. General Prescott's -

Lieut. General Armstrong's

Lieut. General Cunyngha/nc's -

Lieut. General Morrison's -

Lieut. General Gratines -

Major General O'Hara's -

Sir William Howe's -

Lieut. General Massey's -

Sir Charles Grey's -

Lieut. General Evelyns -

General Par slow's -

Lieut. General Clarke's -

Earl Cornwallis's -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Lieut. General Campbell Fletcher's -

Sir Eyre Coote's -

Sir Robert Pigott's -

Sir Robert Hamilton's -

Lord John Murray's Regiment, ift Battalion

General Cary's Regiment -

Lieut. General Rainsford's -

Lieut. General Elphinstone's - - - - *

Lieut. General Frederick's -

Lieut. General Grant's -

Major General Campbell's

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions -

Major General Leslie's Regiment -

Lieut. General Pomeroy's - - - - ,

Lieut General Sherraid's -

Lieut. General Try on's -----, Major General Sterling's -

Major General Campbell's,

Colonel A/ac Donell's -

Lieut. General Hall's - - - .

Colonel Leland's -

Colonel Gunning's -

Royal Highland Emigrants, 2 Battalions -

Lieut. General Skene’s Regiment -

Captain Commandant Wall's Corps -

Five Independent Companies of Foot -

Garrisons of Quebec, Montreal, and St. Augqstine Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John’s in Newfoundland, Louilbourg, St. John’s Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account....

Numbers.

GIBRALTAR. Major General Piet on's Regiment Ix>rd George Lennox's -

Lieut. General Boyd's -

Lieut. General Walsh's -

Lieut. General Baugh's -

Sir David Lindsay's.

Major General Ross's -

Lord M'Leod's Regiment, 2d Battalion Earl of Suffolk's Regiment

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c.

Total Charge per Annum

475

879

741

881

881

741

879

741

741

741

741

74i

879

74i

74i

881

741

74i

741

74i

1,226

741

741

881

74i

741

74i

3,io5

74i

741

881

741

1,057

1.018

1.018

1.018

1.019

1.019 i,35i

827

213

345

741

881

741

74i

741

881

1,168

1,231

827

494

Pay.

36,294

7,952

44,740

Which for 121 Days, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, amounts to ——

£ fi- d.

8,176

16.713

15,442

16.963

16.963

15.260

16.713

15.260

15.260

15.260

15.260

15.260

16.713

15.260

15.260

16.963

15.260

15.260

15.260

15.260

22,155

15.260

15.260

16.963

15.260

15.260

15.260 62,999

15.260

15.260

16.963

15.260 20,476

18.779

18.779 18,943 i9,2,7

19,217

26,809

15,472

4,170

6,828

19 2

10 10 7 6 7 6

— 10

19 2

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10 19 2

— 10

— 10

7 6

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10 10 —

— 10

— 10

7 6

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10

— 10

7 6

— 10 10 —

5 — 5 — 10 —

5 — 5 "

5 —

19 2

2 6 10 10

2,348 3 4

3,226 10 — 32,551 18 4 4,000----

15.260

16.963

15.260

15.260

15.260

16.963 20,768 22,593 15,472

10

10

19

10

6

10 10 10

6

TOT A L.

- -

310,623 16 6

War Office,

24th February 1783.

£ s. d. 19,448 8 4

717,626 10 —

42,126 11 8

153,801 17 6 3,749 12 3

936,752 19 9

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

23 Geo. .III. 240

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1783.

245

Army

Eltiinate

12,212 Out Pensioners standing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d.per Diem each -202 Letter Men, at 12 d.per Diem each -

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each -

12,445

Total - - £.

War-Office, 24th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

Per Diem. for 365 Days.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

254 8 4 92,862 1 8

10 2 — 3,686 10 —

1 3 3 424 6 3

265 13 7 96,972 17 11

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1783.

Pay, &ic. for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

' 251,658 7 6

45,268 14 10 i

11,470 10 1 I

82.429 18 6 1

36,028 10 10

15,578 5 6 i

115,545 2 4

19,889 17 9 i

6,027 13 1 I

11,517 17 1 i

15,473 8 31

8,240 6 5

Numbers.

GIBRALTAR:

Three Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry -

NORTH AMERICA:

Troops of Hesse CafiTel, including Staff Officers Troops of Helfe Hanau -

Regiment of Wale leek -

Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, including Staff Officers - - - - , -

Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, &c. Troops of Anhalt Zerbft - - - - -

Total for Pay - -

Subsidies'per Ani&tn; viz. 1 To the Landgrave of Hesse Call'd, at the Rate of 480,187 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, at the Rate of 82,658 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns -

To the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, &c. at the Rate of 64,305 Banco Crowns - - -.

To the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbft, at the Rate of 34,245 Banco Crowns -

Total Subsidies - -

To make good a Deficiency on the following Troops for 1782; viz.

Pay of 163 Men, being an Augmentation to the Troops of Hesse Hanau, for 290 Days, from lft March 1782 to 241 h December following -

Proportional Subsidy for D% at the Rate of 4,890 Banco Crowns, being -

Pay of 222 Men, being an Augmentation to the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, for the Time above mentioned -

Proportional Subsidy for D°, at the Rate of 6,595 Banco Crowns, being -

r~

13.472

.2,257

670

4,300

1,781

933

1,423

Total - -

War-Office, 24th February 1783.

23,4>3

TOTAL.

£. 5. d. 28,017 11 —

24,836

442,434 7 4i

2,140 19 3 s 1,176 15 6

4,832 n 9

1,586 18 —

176,694 5 1

9,737 4 61

656,883 8 — i

Geo. Y

Vol. S9-

3 R

ESTIMATE

24* Febrmrii.

A. 178$.

Army

Ltiimates.

246

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain,

pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1783.

War-Office, February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

Numbers. Pay, Sec. for 365 Days.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel ---- 588 £,. s. d. 15,342 3 4

D® of a Brigade attached to the Regiments of Hanau 128 3,77i 13 4

D® of a Detachment of Artillery with the Regiment of Waldeck - -- -- - 14 352 16 8

D® of a Detachment with the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anl’pach, &c. ---- 44 1,326 3 4

D® of a Detachment with the Corps of Anhalt Zerbft - 12 304 3 4

Total for Pay - - 786

Proportional Subsidies per Annum.

To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, at the Rate of 22,050 Banco Crowns - -- -- - 5,305 15 —

To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, at the Rate of 4,800 Banco Crowns ----- 1,155 ,

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 523 Banco Crowns - - - - f & 125 19 —

Total - - 786 = r £

TOTAL.

s, d.

21,097----

6,586 14 —

27,683 14 —

ESTIMATE

3 3 Geo. III.

240 Februam.

247

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Army-Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783, both Eft,n,at,s* inclusive; being 90 Days.

Bedford *-

Berks

Bucks

Cambridge

Cheshire

CornwalT -

Cumberland

Derby

Devon

Dorsetshire

Durham

Essex

Gloucester Hereford -Hertford -Huntingdon Kent

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoth

Middlesex

Monmouth1

Kerfefe -

Northampton

Northumberland -

Nottingham

Oxford

Rutland - -

Salop

Stafford

Somerset -

Suffolk

Southampton

Surrey

Stifle*

Warwick -

Westmoreland

Wilts

Worcester -York, West Riding

---- North D" -

— — East D* -

Anglesea -Brecon Cardigan -Caermarthen Caernarvon Denbigh -Flint -Glamorgan Merioneth Montgomery Pembroke -Radnor

Total for Militia in South Britain

Sir James Campbell's Regiment of Fencible Men in North Britain -

Duke of Gordon’s D* -

Duke of Buccleugh’s D® ——

Colonel IVemysss D° -

Total for Fencibles in North Britain - -

War-Office, 24th February 1783.

Total -

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Pay.

£ s. d.

r 455 *>671

1 636 2,402 5 —

1 708 2,660 5 —

1 537 1,866

1 637 2,404 10 —

1 727 2,703

1 436 1,620 15 —

1 637 2,405 5 —

3 2,032 7,670 5 —

1 759 2,776 10 —

1 451 1,654 10 —

2 1,^65 4,473 15 —

2 1,230 4,672 10 —

1 615 2,352

1 638 2,407 10 —

1 457 1,704

2 1,164 4,326 i5 _

1 893 3,100 10 —

1 689 2,521 10 —

2 1,366 5,187

j 3 2,185 8,014 10 —

i 414 1,567 10 —

2 1,230 4*708 10 —

1 939 3,439 i° —

1 636 2,406

1 547 2,115

1 631 2,309 5 —

1 139 54o

t 725 2,698 to —

1 726 2,698 10 —

1 967 3,453 ' —

2 1,118 4,275

2 1,235 4,771 10 —

1 1,085 3,886 10 —

1 899 3,261 — —

1 797 2,947 10 —

1 6r8 2,363 5 —

1 893 3,100 10 —

1 706 2,649 15 —

2 1,410 5,3oi

1 813 2,920 10 —

1 589 2,211

1 378 1,406 5 —

1 181 640 10 —

1 275 1,054 10 —

1 376 1,404 15 —

1 i*3 646 10 —

1 343 1,318 10 —

1 139 540

1 479 1,806

1 94 354 15 —

1 343 1,323

1 320 1,170 15 —

1 207 781 10 —

66 38,852

1,169 5,188 10 —

1,169 - 5.188 10 —

1,169 - 5,188 10 —

1,169 - 5,188 10 —

A 676

- 43,528 - - £

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

144,664 lo —

20,754----

165,418 10 —

Geo. Yonge,

ESTIMATE

Army

Estimatcs*

240 Februarii. A. 1783.

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Seven Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1782 to 24th December 1783, both inclusive; being

365 Days.

Sir John Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons -

Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion

Lord M‘Lcod's 1 ft Battalion -

Lieutenant Colonel Humberstone's Regiment -

Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton's -

Colonel Bruces -

Major General Sand ford's -

Major General Rowley s----

Total -

Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. TOTAL.

r A £. s. d £ *. d.

- 413 - - 13,927 10

918 - 16,859 19 2

*1*97 - 23,280 18 4

1,296 - 22,879 8 4

1,296 - 22,842 18 4

1,296 - 22,970 13 4

1,296 - 23,007 3 4

1,296 8,695 23,007 3 4 154,848 4 O

JL

- 9,108 - £. 168,776 — —

Memorandum:

By an Act, pafl’cd in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will benecefiaryto provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of Fifteen thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Ten Shillings, which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the said Estimate.

War-Office,

24th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTI MATE

1

23 Geo. III.

24° Februdrit.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, from Ireland, and of several Additional? to Army

Hi's Majesty’s Forces, for the respective Times under-mentioned, in the Veaf 1784.

Estimaterf

Major General St. John's Regiment of Foot, for 110 Days, from 6th September 1782 to 24th December following, both inclusive - - - -

General Lambton's, for 108 Days, from 8th September

1782 to D°

Major General Murrays, for 132 Days, frotn 15th August 1782 to D® -

Major General Gordons, for 107 Days, from qth September 1782 to D® -

Augmentation to the lft Battalion of the Royal Ameri- Can Regiment, for 244 Days, from 25th April 1782

to D®....

D® to Major General Skeene's Regiment, for the same Time -

Major General Douglass Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days, from 25th August 1782 to D* -Major Whitfield's Corps, for 61 Days, from 25th Oc-

tober to D" -Major Waller's, for the feme Time - -

Major Elford's D® -

Major Fish's D* ——

lieutenant Colonel Pringle's, for 183 Days, from 25th June 1782 to D* -Pay of a Surgeons Mate to Lord Viscount Fielding's Corps of Light Dragoons, for the feme Time -D® of lieutenant Colonel, at 7 per Diem, to Colonel North's Corps of Foot, for 155 Days, from 23d July 1782 to D® -

Total of Additional

Towards which may be applied the Savings made on the following Corps and Companies, viz'.

On Major General Douglas’s Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days, at 19/. 34. 6d. per Diem -On 32 Independent Companies incorporated into Major Whitfield’s, Waller’s, Elford's, and Fish's Corps, at 51 I. 144. 2d. for the feme Time -

Remains to be provided for

Numbers. Charge.

£.. 4. d.

847 — 1 5,002 5 —

847 — 4,90 6 —

1,169 — 7,609 16 —

1,169 4,032 6,168 11 —

168 — 1,366 8 —

140 308 1,138 13 4

690 — 4,785 9 —

546 — 1,737 19 10

546 i,737 19 1°

546 — 1,737 19 1°

546 2,874 1,737 19 1°

3 53 3,120 3 —

1 — 32 — 6

1 355 54 5 —

— 7,569 - £.

— — 2,339 7 —

— — 6,308 8 4

_ . _ -

TOTAL.

£ tt. d.

23,691 iS — '

2,505 1 4

0,737 4

3,206 8 6 41,140 16 2

8,647 15 4 32,493 — 10

War Office, 24th February 1783.

t I

Geo. Yongt'

V01. 39.

3 S ESTIMATE

Army

Estimates.

Corn and Grain.

Importation of Rice, See.

Sharrow’s Process for d re fling Backings.

*5°

240 Februarii.

A. 1783.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Provincial Corp9, formed in North America, from 25th December

1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, being 121 Days.

lieutenant Colonel Pringles Corps of Foot Lieutenant Colonel Simcoe's Corps of Cavalry and Foot -Lieutenant Colonel Tarletons Corps of Cavalry Lieutenant Colonel Donkin's Corps of Foot Colonel Farming's Regiment - - *

War Office,

24th February 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

Numbers. Pay for 121 Days

«£. s. <1.

m m 353 2,063 1 —

- 784 7,877 12 1

- 303 4,919 13 a

- 1,146 6,630 16 —

- . 485 3,635 — 10

Total 3,071 25,126 3 1

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and " Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Importation of Rice, Indian Corn and Maize, free from Duty, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Com, Indian Meal, and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

brought to Market at a reasonable Price; and that, on a Conference upon this Subject between the said William Sharrow and the Committee of Trade at Manchester, on the 25 th Day of Januarylaft, he promised that he

would undertake to find Sureties for the Delivery of Fifty Tons a Year, if required, for Seven Years next ensuing at ai Price not exceeding Six Pence per Pound, as good or equal to the Samples which he then produced, and which were sealed up by him, and a Duplicate thereof deposited with the said Committee: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the said William Sharrow and George Sharrow into Consideration, and in same they, or either of them, shall give such Security for the Performance of the above Undertaking, as the House shall judge reasonable and proper, that they may have such Reward and Relief as the Merits of their same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Sharrow and Company, of Dundalk, in the County of and Kingdom of

Ireland, Linen Manufacturers, i3 referred.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers of Cotton Goods, in and about the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that Application is making by William Sharrow and George Sharrow, of Dundalk, in the County of Lowth, and Kingdom of Ireland, Linen Manufacturers, for a Reward to be given toi them for disclosing their Method of preparing Backings or Hirds, being the common Refuse of Tow drelfed from Flax, so as to resemble and answer many of the Purposes of Turkey Cotton; and that the Petitioners have seen, and carefully examined, sundry Goods manufactured from the Materials prepared by the said William Sharrow and George Sharrow, and it appears to the Petitioners, that the said Materials may serve as a Substitute for Turkey Cotton for many Purposes where real Cotton is used, and may be of considerable Advantage to the Manufactories of this Kingdom, in case the proposed Materials can be procured in sufficient Quantities, and

The Order of the Day being read, for the further BUfton Navi. Hearing of Oounfel upon the Bill for making and main- gation. taining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Minesi in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near

Birmingham, in the County of and from

thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford j '

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel up'on the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 10th Day of March next.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Commit- Dunnington tee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Dunnington Heath, Heath Inclo-within the Manor of Priot's Salford, in the County of sure< Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

' House,

23 Geo. III. 24 Februarn.231

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Stafford to An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-Sandon Road. tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandori, in the County of , and several other

Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hatfield An ingrossed Bill for more effectually draining and

Chace preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the Level Drainage. Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties

of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Staunto* Sir Cecil Wray presented to the -House, according to upon Wye, Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosin^ and improving a &c. inclosure. certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parflh of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Representa- A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of York: tion in Par- And also,

1 ument. A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, Freemen,

and. principal Inhabitants, of the City of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious

Vol. 39.

Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil, as to the House may seem meet;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Representa-holders of the County of Carnarvon, was also presented |!on ln to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- Iame,t' tioners consider the British Constitution, as originally framed, the most perfect System of good Government that can possibly exist, being admirably calculated to promote the Ease and Happiness of the Subject; and that the Alterations which have been introduced into that Constitution are inimical to those free Principles on which it is founded; and that the extreme Inequality in the Representation of the People, the long Duration of Parliament, and the very expensive Mode of Election for Representatives, are Measures fundamentally wrong, and Grievances of alarming Tendency: And therefore entreating the House to take the same into their most serious Consideration, and to apply such Remedy to thele great Constitutional Evils, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable LeacMadv Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leach- Canal. lade, to join and communicate with the Stroudxvater Canal at Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of all in

the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Webb, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cocoa Not*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from this Kingdom as Merchandize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Otd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Rill*, out by virtue of art Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for consolidating certain " Annuities, which were made One Joint Stock by an " Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain " Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the " Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtyfirst, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the " Reign of his said late Majesty, and several subsequent-" Acts."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an’ frao.-Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Par-

Iknnenty

Exchequer

Bilk.

Duties on Tvbacco.

Supply.

Ways and Means

Heytetoury

inclosure.

252

24® — -25®

A. 1783.

liament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum " of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-two."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual " securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tfoufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 25* die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Fra y ers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 26. After " aforesaid" to insert " shall " take place at such Time or Times " as the said Commissioners, or any " Two of them, shall by their said " Award or Instrument direct and " appoint, and the fame."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Dunnington Heath, Dunnington within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Heaih lack* Warwick, was read the Third Time. sure*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Bdl». in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the u Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and of Eighty-two; and for consolidating certain Annuities,

" which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth,

" Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirtysecond, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and several subsequent AftsAnd also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-two:" And also,

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the loft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Pur- poles therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

- To

23 Geo. III. . 25 0 Febr253

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for ,consolidating certain " Annuities, which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twentyfifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts."

The Money raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

25th Day of February 1783.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two."

The Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Four hundred and Ninety-five thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of February 1783.

John Hug.

VOL. 39.

3 T To

Cocoa Nuts.

Pitt's Grant of Lands at

Ptterlham.

454

45* Febrtidtii. A. 1785.

To the Honourable the ftnights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Elxdlequer by LoartS or Exchequer Bills, hi pursuance of an Act, passed in the lad SeffioA of Parliament, intituled, " Ati Act for enabling His Majesty u to wife the Suth of One Million, for the Ufee and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were idbed.

The Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million, and were issued as follows:

To Edmund Burke, Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s EorCeS 589,931 13 9

To Isaac Barri, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces ----- 404,856 9 2

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of Isaac

El'quire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces ----- 5,211 17 1

Exchequer, the 25th Day of February 1783.

£. 1,000,000----

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from this Kingdom as Merchandize, the Reiblution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inland Duty, payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, be taken off upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in finall Packages, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of

Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Sloane prefetrted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy to pay to the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Battering Ships

of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is, by Two Acts, of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next;

The

Bounty to the Garrifoi

of Gibraltar.

Army —

Paymaster

General’s

Office.

Adjournment.

Committees.

Ireland — Legislative Rights of Parliament.

Duties on Tobacco.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Pains, &c. on Rumbold and Ferring.

33 Geo. III. 35° — 38* Febrmrii. 355

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the j^,. } 49-

Tellers for the Noes, ,{£;"*<* ' } 37-So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold was further heard.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, not* withstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal, from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yet terday, for foe House to resolve itself into a Committee of ttie whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of foe Reigo of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon u Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in small Packages, might be read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That foe Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And foe laid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Per-ring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mafdemeanaors, committed by them whilst they Tefpeftavdy held foe Offices of Governor and Ppetident, Couafellors and Members of the Select Committee <df foe Settlement of Saha George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

r

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23® die Februarii;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Peat irs.

MR. Anthony Eyre presented to the House, accord- wildenFerry ing to Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation t. Gainlbo-of the River Trent, from a Place called Ferry, rough Navi-

in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or One of them, 8ation* to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resotoed, That foe Bill be read a Second lime.

Sir Richard Hotham reported from the Committee, st. George’* to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, (Southwark) Overseers of foe Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southxcaiic, and County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Vincent being examined, laid, That the King's Bench Prison, the Prison of His Majesty’s Court, called The Marshalsea, the Common Gaol of the County of

Surrey, called 'The New Goal, and the House of Correction for the said County, called New Bridewell, are all situate within the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and that the Rules of the King's Bench Prison extend over the Whole of the said Parish, except the South Side of White Street, the East Side of Kent Street, and Kent Street Road — That the Rules of the King's Bench Prison being so extensive, many Prisoners, who have large Families, frequently rent Houses, or Parts of Houses, or Lodgings ready furnished, therein, at the Rate of 10 per Annum, or upwards, and others at lower Rents; all which making them liable to be rated to and to pay the Parish Rates and Taxes, they are thereby deemed to gain Settlements; and many of such Prisoners, their Families, and Servants, have become heavy and grievous Burthens upon the said Parish. — And he gave the following Instances:

A Prisoner having the Rules of the King’s Bench, rented and lived in a Lodging, ready furnKhed, at Twenty Guineas a Year, where he continued during the Time he was a Prisoner, which was upwards of u Year — That his Widow was font from the Parish of Saint Edmund the King, London, to Saint George South-nark, as the Place of her Settlement, gained by the above renting of a Lodging, by virtue of an Order of Removal of 23d August 1781; against which Ordev Saint George’s Parish appealed: And the Sessions in London determined foe above Renting to be a Settle-men, and fixed the Pauper in Saint George's Parish,

where

a8° Febru

A. 1783.

St. George’s (Southwark) Faridu

where the was maintained till Hie died, in the Wdrk-house.

Mr. John Griffith confirmed the Whole of the above Evidence. And

Mrs. Elizabeth Bayley being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the Widow being in the Workhouse, and dying the re.

Mr. Vincent being further examined, said, That another Prisoner in* the King's Bench Prison gained a Settlement, by renting a House in the Mint; upon whose Death his Widow and One Child were sent to the Workhouse, where Hie was delivered of another Child, which was sent out to nurse at the Expence of the Parish.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Samuel Carter and Mrs. Elizabeth Bay ley.

Mr. Vincent then said, That another Prisoner in the King's Bench rented and lived in a House in Mint Street, at 14/. per Annum.And

Mr. Carter added, That the Prisoner being taken ill, and having a Wife and Five Children, the Wife applied to the Parish of Saint George for Relief — That the Parish relieved the Man and his Farpily, at a heavy Expence; and that the Prisoner is dead; and the Family is now relieved by the Parish.

Mr. Vincent then said. That another Person having been committed to the King's Bench Prison (where he ,fti|l remains) his Wife and Five small Children followed him, and took a Lodging in the Rules; and being dif-trelled, applied to the Parish of Saint George for Relief, which was given to him: And Inquiry being made after the Man’s Settlement, it appeared to be in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster; to which Place the Wife and Family were removed: But the Parish of Saint JMargaret have appealed against the Order of Removal, and it is not yet determined; which Litigation will be a great Expence to the Parish.

That another Person was a Prisoner in the Rules of the King's Bench, from the 3d of March 1779 till he was discharged in 1782; and that a Woman, who lived with him as a Servant, being delivered of a Baltard Child, applied to the Parish Officers for Assistance; and although the Officers got some trifling Sums of Money from the reputed Fattier towards the Maintenance of the Child, yet the Parish were considerably out of Pocket on that Account.

Mr. James Sherrard being then examined, said, That a Servant to another Prisoner was admitted into the Workhouse, and was there delivered of a Bastard Child; and being afterwards ill, was lent to the Hospital, from whence lhe was returned to the Workhouse, where the continued some Months; all at the Expence of the Parish.

Which Evidence was confirmed to your Committee by Mrs. Bayley, who further said. That another Servant of the last mentioned Prisoner applied for Relief for a Bastard Child; which was given her, and her Child lent to Nurse, where it continued some Months, till its Death.

Mr. John Griffith being then further examined, said, That a Woman, who had been a Servant to a Prisoner in the King's Bench Prison, was sent from Saint Paul's Cray to the Parish, as having gained a Settlement by living as a Yearly hired Servant with the Prisoner in the Rules of the King's Bench — That being with Child, (he was delivered in the Workhouse, and taken care of at the Expence of the Parish.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mrs. Bayley.

Mr. Carter then informed your Committee, That another Woman was admitted into the Workhouse, lhe having gained a Settlement in the Parish by living as a Yearly hired Servant with a Prisoner in the Rules of the King's Bench Prison — And the Witness concluded, by saying. That there are many other Instances similar to the above; which can be proved by several Persons a ho have served the Office of Overseer.

With respefit to the Marshalsea Prison;

Mr. Vincent said, That Families of Prisoners have frequently been lent from that Prison when lick, or otherwise distressed, to the Parish to be relieved; which has been given; and when able, they have been removed to their respefilive Places of Settlement; by Means whereof an heavy Expence has been incurred by the Parish:

And as an Instance, Mr. James Hedger said, That a Servant to a Prisoner in the being deprived

of her Senses, the Officers of the Parish were obliged to take her out of the Prison; and as no Place of Settlement could be found, lhe was admitted into the Workhouse, and afterwards sent to Bethlem Hospital, and there kept a Year at the Expence of the Parish.

Then, to prove that frequent Applications are made to the Officers of the Parish from the County Gaol and House of Correction, for Relief and Support for miserable Objects of Prisoners, and for Children born there, and for removing them to their respective Settlements.

Mr. Vincent and Mr. Carter laid, That a Woman being charged with Felony, was committed to the County Gaol, and was delivered of a Baltard Child in the Prison — That lhe was afterwards convicted of the Felony, and removed to the House of Correction, where lhe was delivered of another Ballard; both which Children were sent to the Workhouse of Saint George's Parish, and taken care of till the Mother’s Settlement could be found, and then removed to penshall, in the County of York, at the Expence of the Parish.

And Mr. Hedger then said, That an Insane Person was sent by Order of Two Juliices, to the County Gaol, where he continued a few Days; and then being found to be furiously mad, he was sent, by Order of the Magistrates, to the Parish Workhouse; and continuing very bad, and having neither Money nor Friends, and the Place of his Settlement not being known, he was sent at the Parish Expence to Bethlem Hospital, where he continued a Year, and was afterwards placed by the Parish in a private Madhouse, at 8 a Week; and, with much Trouble and Expence, the Place of his Settlement being found to be in Carmarthenshire, in South Wales, he was lent there at the Expence of the Parish.

And Mr. Samuel Carter, Mr. James Hedger, Mr. John Griffith, and Mr. Richard Smith, being then examined, severally said. That the Parish of Saint George confilts chiefly of Tenants at Rack Rents, and who are heavily taxed — That, in the Mint and Kent Street, many of the Householders are too poor to pay Rates or Taxes — That a great Number of the Houses are lett in single Rooms, and ready-furnillied Lodgings, to Weekly Tenants, who cannot be rated to the Poor, 8$c.; and many Vagrants, Travellers, and other poor Persons, are hhrboured there, which brings a heavy Expence on the Parish.

Then Mr. Smith, Mr. Hedger, and Mr. Griffith, further said, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish experience great Inconvenience, from the whole Number of Overseers of the Poor being appointed at one and the same Time, because they are of course, at first coming into Office, unacquainted not only with the proper Method of maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor in the Workhouse, but with the Characters and Circumstances of such of the poor Inhabitants as are upon the Lift for Relief, without going into the Workhouse; and that it would be advantageous to the Parish if One'Half of the Overseers were to be appointed at the usual Time, and the other Half in the Middle of the Year; each Party to continue in Office One Year.

And the same Witnesses further said, That there being few Inhabitants of the said Parish of independent

Fortunes,

23 Geo. III. 28 0 Februar257

Fortunes, and most of the principal Housekeepers having served the Office of Overseer of the Poor, it is difficult to find Persons sufficient to serve that Office, who can be expeQed to spare Time from their own Avocations, to attend to the necessary Duties of that laborious and consequential Office, exiilufive of the Business of col-leQing the Money upon the Poors Rates, which requires a more than ordinary Attention and Diligence, great Part of the Inhabitants being very poor, and frequently removing from One Part of the Parish to another; by which Means, and otherwise, without a ftriQ Attendance, much Money is liable to be loft to the Parish: and that it will, occasion a Saving to the Parish if a Power was

Sven to the Vestry to appoint Collectors of the said ates, with an adequate Salary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with RespeQ to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Goal or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poor’s Rates, within the said Parish: And that Sir Richard Hotham and Mr. Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kingston Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom upon Hull the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town

<jao ‘ or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, the Vicar and

Churchwardens of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the same Town, and the Gentlemen, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was re-k ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Codd, Deputy Town Clerk of Hull, being examined, said, That the Common Gaol of the said Town and County is a very old and ruinous Building, of small Dimensions — That it is ill-contrived and inconvenient; and being situate in a confined Place, and the Middle of the Town, without any Outlet or open Ground adjacent to it, is prejudicial to the Health of the Prisoners, and insufficient for their safe Custody — That the same has been presented as such by the Grand Jury, at the Assizes held for the said Town and County; and that it will be beneficial to the Prisoners, the Town, and the Public, to take down the said Gaol, and build another in a more eligible Situation — That Estimates have been made of the Expence of such a Work; from which it appears that the same might be done in a proper Manner for about 2,500l. including the Purchase of a competent Quantity of Land for the Scite and Outlets — That, from the Increase of Population in the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, the Burial Ground is become too small for the Interment of the Dead; that the Parishioners suffer much Inconvenience and Annoyance therefrom; and that it is very ne-efissary a proper Piece of Ground should be provided for an additional Cemetery for the Use of the Parish; and that it is expedient that the necessary Powers for railing Money for that Purpose, and the building of a new Gaol, should be granted by Parliament — That in the said Town, and the Liberties and PrecinQs thereof, many Hackney Coaches and Chairs are kept; but the Persons who drive or carry them not being under any Regulation or immediate Controul, either with respect to Fares or Behaviour, the Inhabitants do not derive Vol. 39.

so much Benefit and Convenience therefrom as they might do if they were properly managed and regulated —

That the said Town, Liberties, and PrecinQs, are in extreme Want of sufficient Powers, Rules, and Re-ftriQions, in the various Articles of internal Police, particularly with respect; to Spouts, Signs, Gutters, Chopping Blocks, Stalls, the llaughtering of Cattle, and other Nuisances and Annoyances committed and existing in the Streets; with respect: to the ConstruQion of the Wheels of Trucks, to driving Carriages on the Pavement, the Manner of removing the Filth and Dung, and throwing the same into the Water, and the Standing of Stalls in the Streets at other Times, besides the Market Days.

To prove the Allegations of that Part of the Petition which relates to the Haven of the said Town, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making public Quays in the said Town; for making a Dock for the Accommodation of Vessels using the Port; and other Purposes, was read. — And the Witness being further examined, laid, That the Haven of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, in which Goods and Merchandize have been accustomed to be laden and shipped, landed and discharged, lies within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull — That, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, a Dock or Bason for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels hath been provided, and is now in Use; the South and East Ends whereof are in or contiguous to the said Town or County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-, and the North and West Sides thereof are in or contiguous to the County of York —

That various Articles are landed and shipped at that Part of the said Dock or Bason which lies within the County of York, contrary to the established Usage of the Port, and to the Prejudice of the Rights and Interest of the Corporation of the said Town; for which it is necessary (bme Remedy should be provided — That a Doubt hath arisen on the ConstruQion of the Provisions of the said AQ, whether the Owners of Staiths adjoining to the common Staiths, who are enabled to build Sufferance Quays, are obliged to make the same of the whole Extent of their respective Staiths, (o as to enable the Owner of the next adjoining Staith to build a Quay which may adjoin thereto, and have a Communication therewith, and with the common Staiths, in order to make it a Sufferance Quay; which Doubt it is expedient to clear up and explain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for railing Money for those Purposes j for afc&rtaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town and Liberties and PrecinQs thereof; for explaining an AQ, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Hartley and Mr. -force do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, Newcadle to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the under Lyme Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Inclosure. intituled, "An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece " of Waste Land called The Marsh, within the Parish " and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof " in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish and " Borough," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone

3 U through

Wilden Ferry to Burton upon Trent Iv.ii vigation.

Birmingham Can J,

258 28° Februarii. 1783.

through the Bill, and made several Ametidrttents thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impovrering Perl'ons navigating Vessels upon the River , between a Place called WildenFerry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Staffor, to hale the same with Horses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners or Proprietors of certain Mines of Coal and Iron Ore, upon the Lower

Level, in the Liberty of Bi/ston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Wedbronmich, Tipton otherwise and

ley, in the County of Stafford, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; 'Baking Notice of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and main-

# c? o

tain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Riders Green, in the Parish of Westo Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and a!so an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near

Fazcley, in the Parish of Tanmorth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Townof Birmingham; and Setting forth. That the Lines of fonle of the intended Collateral Cuts extend into and over certain Tracts of I and belonging to the Petitioners, wherein there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Iron Ore; and that the Company of Proprietors of the present Birmingham Canal, in order to induce certain of the Petitioners to-concur with them in their Application to Parliament for Powers to make their present Canal, engaged that the said Canal should be executed on a low Level through the great Mines of Coal and Iron Ore of the Petitioners, and on the North Side of the Town of but

the said Company, in Violation of their Engagement, have executed the said Canal upon a high Level, and in a different Course, and on the South Side of the Town of

Bilston, lb that the Produce of the Coal and Iron Mines of the Petitioners, situate on the low Level, hath been excluded from a beneficial Access to the said Canal; and that Thomas Hoo, of Great Barr, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, who is Owner of very extensive and valuable Mines of Coal and Iron Ore, within the several Parishes aforesaid, hath, from Time to Time, caused Application to be made to the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, or their Agents, for the Purpose of obtaining an Extension thereof from a certain Collateral Branch of the said Birmingham Canal, at Ocker Hill, to his Mines of Coal and Iron Ore on the lower Level, which the said Company refused to do, alledging that they could not procure Water sufficient to enable (hem to lock down to the said Mines on the lower Level; notwithstanding which they now state in the said Bill, that they are willing to make and maintain such Extension to the said lower Level; and that the Navigation of the present Birmingham Canal (being upon the high Level as aforesaid) is very uncertain and precarious, owing to the Number of Locks already upon it, and to a Scarcity of Water during certain Seasons in the Year; and the Petitioners are

well informed that the several Extensions of the Bir-i mingham Canal, proposed to be blade by < the present Bill, will not only require a very conrfiderablfe' Addition of Locks, but a very great additional Supply of Water; and that the Petitioners apprehend that it is not fot the Interest of the said -Company of Proprietors to make the proposed Extensions of their Canal, and the Petitioners are adviled, as the Bill now Rands, the said1 Company cannot be compelled to carry their proposed Undertaking into Execution; and that, in case the Bill fhcmkl pass in its present Fornl, and give them Possession of the Lands agreeable to the several Lines laid down in the Plan they have delivered in to the House, and should never complete their Undertaking, no Navigable Communication can ever be efte&ed between the said Coal Mines and the Coventry Canal, and, of consequence, the upper Parts of Warwickshire, and the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, and Bucks, will be

deprived of the Benefit from the Coal Mines which they would respectively receive if such Communication should be made with the Coventry Canal; and that there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, the Petitioners conceive, may materially affebt their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counlcl, or Agents, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, in Support of the several Matters contained in their Petition, and that such Alterations and Amendments may be made in the said Bill as will secure the effectually making and completing a proper Navigable Communication between the said Mines and the upper Parts of Wancickshire, and the several Counties of

Northampton, Oxford, and Backs, in such Manner, and within such reasonable 'l iine, as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of certain Lands, wherein arc many very valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, in Wednesbury,

Scdgley, and several neighbouring Parishes, over which it appears, by the Plan delivered to the House, the said Cuts and Canal are proposed to be carried; and the Petitioner is also foie Owner of a large Body of Water called Broadteaters, which, he is informed, is proposed to be made use of for supplying the intended Cuts and Canal: and that the Petitioner is sensible that the making proper Navigable Communications between the Mines in Bilston, Wednesbury, Sedg/ey, nd the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Coventry Canal, is a great National Object, and will be a very great Improvement of his Property, and of all other Persons within the said Parishes and Neighbourhood; but the Petitioner has Reason to apprehend, from the great Number of Locks which must be made in the said intended Cuts and Canal, together with the Locks already made upon the present Canal, and, from a Variety of other Difficulties which muftnecessarily attend the Undertaking, that no advantageous Communication between the said Mines and the and O.iford

Canals can ever be effected in the Lines proposed by the said Proprietors; and that the Petitioner is advised that if an Act should pass to authorize the said Proprietors to make the Navigable Cut9 and Canal through his Lands, agreeable to the Lines laid down and described in the said Plan and Bill, and to give them a Right to make use of the said Body of Water for supplying the said Cuts and Canal, and they should afterwards not be able to effect the Undertaking, k would prevent any navigable Communication ever being made between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, and would deprive the Petitioner of the Benefit of the Hid Body of Water for supplying any W orks which he might hereafter think properto make for the Improvement

Birmingham

Canal.

23 Geo. III. a80 Februarii.

259

of his said Estate; and that there are several Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, the Petitioner apprehends, may very materially affect his Property: And therefore praying, That the House will allow him to be heard, by his Counsel or Agents, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, against such Parts thereof as he shall think prejudicial to his Property; and that such Alterations and Amendments may be made in the said Bill, and such Clauses received, for securing to the Public a beneficial Navigation, and for the Protection of the Property of the Petitioner, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session Whitchill’s of Parliament, for compelling John Esquire, Forfeiture, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraitiing him from going out of this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing transporting or alienating the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pitt's Grant An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the P at Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or iam. Jlcar t|)e parjp) of Pdcrsham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Esquire, and his

Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration, was read the Third Time.

Rescind, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Burton

Mailings

incloliire.

Catwater

Harbour,

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Seymour

Conway, and Sir Thomas be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters and Reports sent and made to the Navy Board in the Year 1767, respecting the Harbour of Catwater, in the Port of Plymouth; together with the Plan of the said Harbour, which accompanied the said Reports, or a Copy thereof.

DymgTrade. Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Children of A Bill for further explaining a Clause in* an Act, iSatural-born made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Subjects. Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vo L. 39.

A Petition of John Smyth, Esquire, was delivered Fontcfraft in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of Na-

thaniel Smith, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a very great Majority in his Favour of Persons legally qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough; but Mr.

William Tomlinson, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, rejected, without any good Reason assigned, or any just Exception taken, either by the Sitting Member, his Agents, or himself, all those Persons who voted for the Petitioner, notwithstanding the y claimed their Right of voting under the Faith of Statutes made in Confirmation thereof; and that the said Mayor, upon the Clol'e of the Poll, returned the said Nathaniel Smith, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and of the Statutes confirming the fame, as well as to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as he shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as to their Justice and Judgment shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the Eighth Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors, of the said Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

That, on the Thirteenth Day of February Instant, the Election came on for One Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of York; and that John Smyth, Esquire, and Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, were Candidates at the said Election, and William Tomlin Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, presided thereat; and that the Petitioners, and many others legally qualified by the Constitution of the said Borough (the Right of voting being in the Inhabitants Householders, Refiants only) voted for the said John Smyth, by which he had a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Mayor rejected the Votes of the Petitioners,1 and divers others, who voted for the said John Smyth, taking upon himself to declare that the Right of Election for the said Borough was in Persons having a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent; and that many of the Petitioners, not having

Burgage

Supply.

Hertford I evel Bond 1 ’ebtg.

260 28° Februarii. . 1783.

Burgage Tenures (and many others who had, but who disclaimed voting in Right of such Burgage Tenure) offered their Votes as Inhabitants Householders, all which the said Mayor rejected, and took upon himself, in an illegal Manner, to determine the Right of Election; and that, upon the said Mayor’s casting up the Poll Books, after the same were closed, there appeared to be a Majority of One hundred and Ninety legal Votes upon the Poll for the said John Smyth; notwithstanding which, the said

Mayor thought proper to reject all those who voted as Inhabitant Householders, and therefore did partially and illegally, and to the utter Subversion of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, return the said Nathaniel Smith, by which the Petitioners are greatly aggrieved, and the Right of Election for the said Borough subverted: And therefore praying, That, as their Freedom of Election bath been taken away, and manifestly violated by the above Measures used by the said Mayor, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and restore to them, and others. Inhabitant Householders of the said Borough, their Rights as Electors of chusing their own Members, and give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two ACis, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Ageuts, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House -to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Isaac Barrk, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of July 1782 and the lit of February 1783, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oi'd reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Philip Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great

Level of the Fens, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Meaning of the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Drainage Bills j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the Fifteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining the said Great Level of the Fens, were read; whereby it appeared, that Powers have been from Time to Time given, and certain Taxes granted to the said Company, for the Purpose of effecting and maintaining the Drainage of the said Fens, Part of which Taxes were charged on Lands allotted for that Purpose, Part on the Level at large, and Part on the Middle and South Levels jointly — That the Taxes having proved inadequate to the Expences of Drainage, certain Debts had been contracted, and a Part thereof charged on the Middle and South Levels, in consequence whereof, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the old Bonds were to be cancelled, and new ones given on Account of those Two Levels only, at tire same Time the Corporation being limited not to increase the Debt on those Two Levels, beyond the Sum of 32,000l. which Sum was by the last mentioned Act extended to 44,000l. — And

Charles Nalson Cole, Esquire, Register of the said Corporation, being examined, said, That new Bonds had been given, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to the Creditors on the Middle and South Levels — That by virtue of the last mentioned Act, several Sums were borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, on the said Two Levels--That divers Parts of the 95,000 Acres, taxed and taxable within those Two Levels, have heretofore been cut or dug for Turf, and the same and other Parts of the said Lands are now, or hereafter may be cut or dug for that Purpose — That it is expedient to enable the said Corporation to fell the Tax or Taxes wherewith such Lands are now charged by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, and also such further Taxes as might hereafter be charged thereon by the said Corporation, by virtue of the Powers of Taxation vested in them, and to apply the Monies arising from such Sale towards discharging the said Bond Debts, on Account of the said Middle and South Levels.

Mr. John Brawn being then examined, said, That the Bonds charged on the said Two Levels, and other Debts contracted on Account thereof, amount at present to the Sum of 35,800 /.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, to fell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf j and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon Account of those Levels: And that Mr. Philip Yorke and Sir Henry Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for pntting in Execution an Act made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from

Cirencester

Road,

23 Geo. III. 28° Februa 261

from the Town of Cirencestein the County of Gloucester,

to the Tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester, at or near the East End of the Town of and from the

West End of the Church Yard in the said Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the said County, near the Monument upon Lansdoum, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Ludlow, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the said Act hath been continued to be put in execution to the Advantage of the Public.

That the Road from the Ram Imt, in the Town of Cirencester, to Bath, would be rendered more commodious, if the Road through the Town of Tetbury was made Part of the Turnpike Road — That some dangerous and tedious Hills would be avoided, if instead of the present Road from otherwise

Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone towards Bath, a Road were to be completed from the said Place or Comer, which lies in the Parish of Marshfield, in the said County of Gloucester, through the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the said County, and Swanswick, in the County of Somerset, to Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, in the Neighbourhood of And the Witness added,

It will be necessary to make some Alterations in the Powers of the above-mentioned AS, and to extend the Term thereof.

Mr. William Saben, a Surveyor, being examined, said,

He had been employed in making and altering Roads for Forty Years past; and he produced a Plan of the new-intended Road, which was surveyed by him, and the Plan made under his Direction; and he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ludlow, refjieSing the Utility of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the same County near the Monument upon Landsdown; and also a Road from Oldfield, otherwise JVoefeld Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone, in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath: And that Sir William Guise, Sir William Mr. Whit-

shed, and Mr. Blackwell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Peebles Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleSing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of Alexander Murray, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Lords of Session in Scotland.

Duties on The House, according to Order, rel’olved itself into a

Tobacco. Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into W&ys and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean*>

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Public Ac-of the Public Accountants who have received Public countants. Money by Way of impreft, and upon Account, and who have not yet accounted for the same: Also of those Persons from whom Balances of Declared Accounts are still due, with the Sums respectively unaccounted for by each.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Abolishing House, according to Order, a Bill for vacating cer* certain tain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and offices of the useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an ade- ^u"oms‘ quate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 17th Day of March next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing p.

of Counsel upon the Bill for infliSing certain Pains Rumboidand and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rum Baronet, and Perring. Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold was further heard, and concluded his Opening of Sir Thomas Rumbold's Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were ' directed to withdraw.

3 X Ordered,

Mineheeid

Writ.

Birmingham

Canal.

262 28C Februarii. — 3 A. 1783.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Couufel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 3* die Martii;

Anno 23® Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

R DE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgei’s to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Somerset, in the room of Francis Luttrell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desboroug/i, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition' of several other Persons who are Owners of the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, in the Counties of Stafford, Derby, and Warwick; and of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick,

and of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Alines in the Liberty of in the

Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgeley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or

near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, and all'o of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Riders Green, in the Parish of Westbronncich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same to lead to several Coal Alines, and also an Extension of Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and Setting forth, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels taken, that the Rivers Trent and Tame may, at an easy Expence, be made navigable from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the Town of Tamworth, and from thence to or near Fishers Mills, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Warwick and also, That the River Anker may be made navigable from the said Town of Tamworth, at its Junction with the 'River Tame, to or near Filand Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and that a Cut or Canal may be conveniently made from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, already completed to Atherstone; and also, That a Communication may be conveniently made from the River Trent to the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, at or near Wichnover, in the County of Stafford; and alledging, That the making the said Rivers navigable with the aforesaid Cuts or Canals, will be done at much less Expence than extending the said Canal from Fishers Mills to Fazeley, as intended by the said Bills, and completing the Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, the Place of its intended Junction

with the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and that it will also be attended with a Saving to the Public of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, which would be taken and used for the said Canals, and every Communication, intended by the said Bills, will be effected; and that, if the said Bills, or either of them, should pass into a Law in their present Form, the Petitioners and the Public at large will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Parts of the said Bills, or either of them, as may affect the Interest of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Riders Green, in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadimter Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also, an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, il they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Thomas Skipzcithpresented to the House, according Burton

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Hading* Open Fields, Afeadows, Pastures, Commons, and Com- 1 "cloture, monable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Alayor, Burgesses, and principal Copper Coin. Tradesmen and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find themselves greatly aggrieved by the present Circulation of base and counterfeit Copper Coin, the Quantity of which has of late lb much increased as to become highly injurious to the Commercial Interests of the Nation; and that the Petitioners have done all in their Power to put a Stop to such Circulation, but find themselves unable to do it effectually without the Interference of the House; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the evil of which they complain is chiefly owing to a Defect in the Laws for preventing the coining and circulating such bale and counterfeit Copper Aloney, and, unless some more effectual Remedy be forthwith applied, the Consequence may be still more detrimental to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their most lerious Consideration; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie ’ upon the Table.

A Bill for authorizing the Treasurer and Com- Bounty to missioners of the Navy to pay to the Garrison of the Garrison Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Battering Ships of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is, by Two Acts of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Alen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying

Representation in Parliament.

Kingston upon Hull Gaol.

Wetherby, &c. Roads.

Duties on Tobacco.

2 3 Geo. III. 30 Martii.

Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant March, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners consider the British Constitution, as originally framed, the most perfect Syf-tem of good Government that can possibly exist, being admirably calculated to promote the Ease and Happiness of the Subject; and that the Alterations which have been introduced into that Constitution are inimical to those free Principles on which it is founded; and that the extreme Inequality in the Representation of the People, the long Duration of Parliaments, and the very expensive Mode of Election for Representatives, are Measures fundamentally wrong, and Grievances of an alarming Tendency; and therefore entreating the House to take the same into their most serious Consideration, and apply such Remedy to those great Constitutional Evils as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity in the said Town, and for raising Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second.

Mr. Mellish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherbyto Knaresin the County of York:And the same was received j and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the more efH.ft.ual securing the Duties upon Tobacco," and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout.; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Bridgeman reported from the Committee, Vol. 39.

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering cieobury and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Mortimer, Year of i fis present Majesty, for amending, widening, ^c. ®oads-and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cieobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glaze ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of tfye Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. (

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Children of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further Natural-born explaining a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Suble<^s-Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a whitehiir* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repeal- forfeiture, ing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Eftcfts forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That the bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town Arkwright’* and Neighourhood of Manchester, in the County of Cotton Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Machine. Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, for an Act to give him a further Term for the exclusive Use of certain Machines for making Cotton into Yarn, for which he obtained a Patent in the Year 1769; and that the continuing of the Term of the said Patent, as prayed for by the said Petition, would be of most grievous Prejudice and Oppression to

the

Arkwright’

Cotton

Machine.

Cat water

Harbour.

Supply.

264 3° Mart. A. 1783.

the Manufacturers in the Cotton Trade: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Application, and that a Bill may not pass for the Purpose prayed for by the said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the lad preceding Petition; end letting forth, that the said Richard Arkzvright hath already obtained every Advantage which the Laws in being have provided for the Encouragement of new Inventions, and, by the Emoluments arising from this exclusive Grant, hath, as the Petitioners are informed, and believe, realized such a Fortune as every unprejudiced Person tnuft allow to be an ample Compensation for the most happy Efforts of Genius; and that the Interposition of the Legislature to grant still greater Rewards, and such as are unwarrantable by any Statute now in being, might, as the Petitioners apprehend, give Stability to a dangerous Monopoly, and prove highly prejudicial to the Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation of this Land, by leaving to all other Kingdoms the unlimited Use of Machines, which would in England alone be thereby confined to the arbitrary Disposal of One Man only: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Admiral Darby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cleaning, clearing, and rendering more safe and commodious, the Harbour of Cahoater, within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of , and for erecting a Wall at Mount Batten, for Preservation of the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Common Councilmen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 24th Day of this Instant March.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred Fifty-six thousand Nine hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of July One Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

two, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Worshipful the Bailiff and Capital Leachlado Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Canal. Worcester, and other the Traders and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the

water Canal at Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester,

all in the County of Gloucester, which the Petitioners conceive tnuft be of great Benefit to the Landed and Trading Interest of the Kingdom in general, and of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Bewdley in particular, by opening a Navigable Intercourse between the different trading and manufacturing Towns bordering upon those large Rivers, and also between all the great Sea Ports in this Kingdom, which will reduce the Price of Carriage, equalize the Price of Provisions, and, in many other Rel'pests, be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- R fenta-holders, of the County of Somerset, was presented to the tion in Par-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners liamenu conceiving that a System of Corruption, subversive of the natural Rights of Britons, has, by flow, but too sure Steps, crept into the Representation of the People of thele Kingdoms, and considering that an equal Representation in Parliament is their Birthright, congenial with, and inseparable from, the Constitution, in all due Deference, but in full Confidence, implore the Interposition of the House, to restore to them the Exercise of that Right which has been the Glory and Boast of their Ancestors; and that it is only through the Medium of an uncorrupt, uninfluenced, and equal Representation, that the Voice of the People can be truly heard, and through such a Medium only can their Liberties be protected, or their Purses constitutionally opened: And therefore praying, That the House will take such effectual Measures to remedy this growing Evil, as a free People may, with a full Assurance in an honest Cause, humbly hope for, and the House may in their Wifdorn think fit to grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for " consolidating certain Annuities, which were made " One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Thirtyfirst Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth,

" Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-

" second,

23 Geo. III. 3"

" second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his " laid late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-two," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loan3 or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, " for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in and Jersey,

from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both

inclusive, being 121 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, being 121 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in North America, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783, both inclusive, being 121 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Additional to His Majesty’s Forces, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Seven Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, from 2.5 th December 1782 to 24th December 1783, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783, both inclusive, being go Days, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question, being put. That the Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yetis went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, " W"’ } .85.

fMr. Hartley, . 1

Tellers for the Noes,< Sir Philip Jennings > 10.

[ Clerke: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee..

Yot. 39.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Ways and' mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Reiblution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Jackson, Mr.'

Edward James Eliot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Trade with ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole St Christo-House, to consider of allowing the Importation of Pbers>&c' Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships, into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Viticent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a Time to be limited; and of permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties; and of further continuing certain temporary Acts, for the Encouragement of Trade; and of an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth, of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Trade with House, according to Order, a Bill for the provisional America. Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 Y Ordered,

Stanford

Inclosure.

Ways and Meant*

CItobury Mortimer, Ac* Roads.

Wilden Ferry to Burton upon Trent Navigation.

Hexham

Bridge.

a66 3° — 46

Ordered, That the said Ml be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Coni-monable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 4* die;

Anno 23* Georgii III1" Regis, 1783. Pbayebs.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazdey, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop add Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dd pase: Arid that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, and the Turn-

pike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Feiry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lewisham, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Middleton reported from the'Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Errington, of Sandoe, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined die Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his _ Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, paised in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building "a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the " Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, u and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and

Martii. L783.

" from the same,’* was fead, whereby it appeared, that certain Articles of Agreement were therein recited and confirmed, authorizing the Petitioner to build the said Bridge, under the Conditions mentioned in the said Articles.

And it appeared, by an authenticated Copy of a Certificate, produced to your Committee, under the Hands of Three Justices of the Peace for the said County, dated the 9th January 1781, that the said Bridge and a Road to the same had been completed, according to the Terms and Conditions of the above-mentioned Articles of Agreement. Theri

Mr. John Donkin being examined; laid, That he had been 'employed by Mr. Smeaton, the Architect, to superintend the Works while the said Bridge was building, and after it was finished to visit and inspect it, from Time to Time, in order to observe and give Notice of its State, and to replace the loose Stones which were laid down to defend the Piers from the Force of the Current, in case of their being removed by Floods or otherwise — That on the 11th of March 1782, the said new Bridge was, by the Violence of a Flood, forced down and destroyed, without having previously suffered the least Derangement or Decay, as, on a careful Examination Ten Days before the Accident happened, fully appeared to him — That there had been a considerable Flood in the River about a Month before that, on the 11th of March, immediately after which he had inspected the Bridge in all its Parts, when he found, that so far from having been injured then by it, it had received Benefit, the Violence of the Stream having driven Sand and Gravel amongst the loose Stones at the Feet of the Piers, so as to render them more compact and serviceable.

And being asked, What he thought caused the Destruction of the Bridge? he said, There was an extraordinary Fall of Snow the Night before the Accident, which laid about a Foot thick on the even Ground — That it began fnowing at Nine o’Clock at Night, arid continued till One in the Morning, when a violent heavy Rain came on, attended with a very high Westerly Wind, to which concurring Circumstances he presumed the Accident might in feme Degree be attributed — That he perceived in the Morning a very extraordinary Flood in the River, which runs from Weil to East, which induced him to go iriimediately to look at the Bridge.

And being asked, Whether he could tell, by certain . Marks on the Bridge, how high the Water was above, and how high below it? he said. He observed the Water on the lower Side of the Bridge was only at the Bottom of the Impost, or the projecting Part of the Top of the Pier, and on the upper Side it was above the Height of what is called the Dombing.

And being asked, Whether he was under any Apprehension, when he observed the Flood at that Height, that the Bridge was in any Danger of giving way? he replied. He was not; so far from it, that he lent his Son over to examine the Land Arches at the South End of the Bridge, with Two or Three Melons, who were on it not above Five Minutes previous to its Fall.

And being further asked, What Symptoms or Appearances of Failure of any Kind he had observed ? he said, He perceived feme Particles of Lime fall from the Fourth Arch, about the Size of Chaff — -That the Lime coming from thence, and no where else, he pointed his Observations to that Part only — That the falling of the Lime continued to increase in Size and Quantity for about the Space of a Minute — That soon after he observed a Crack across the Bend of the Arch, towards the upper Side of the Bridge, which Crack gradually widened, and in about a Minute more the Splinters from the Stones, !on the plain Part of the Spandrel, between the Third and Fourth Arch,

s. were

Geo. III. 40 Martii. 467

were forced out to a considerable Distance; ih Two Minutes more, the Pillar between the Third and Fourth Arch, which he could perceive shake, gave way, and the Two Arches and a Pier fell together — That the whole Bridge (Two Arches excepted) was destroyed within about the Space of Half an Hour, and one other Arch fell in the Evening; and he concluded with saying, that having carefully examined the Bridge from Time to Time, he was certain there had not been any previous Failure in that Part which first gave way, or in any other Part whatever.

Mr. John Smeatmiy the Engineer employed in building the Bridge, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

respecting the Cause of its Destruction; and said, that the Nature of Snow was like that of a Spunge, it drank in all the falling Water till it was perfectly Saturated, without letting any of it go, and, after it was perfectly saturated, it burst forth all together, like a broken Reservoir, both Rain and Snow at once; this likewise, aided by the Rain continuing to fall, produced lb great and sudden a Torrent, that, according to the Parts of the Bridge to which the Water arose, by Mr. Donkins Evidence, there would be a Fall of no left than Five Feet perpendicular, between the upper Side of the Bridge and the lower, which was in the Space of Twenty Feet; the Consequence of which, together with the natural Weakness of the Stratum of Gravel on which the Bridge was built, was that the Torrent, as he apprehended, had forced the Gravel out of its Place, or not only forced it out of its Place, but that the incumbent Weight of a Body of Water, of I*lve Feet in Thicknest above the Bridge, superior to what was to counterbalance it below, had actually forced down the whole Stratum of the Gravel into the soft Matter that lay beneath it, and caused the Bridge itself, bodily, to take a Heel up the Stream, in which Postion the Remains of it now ft.

The Witness being further examined, said, That could he have been allured, before he recommended it to Mr. Errington to build the Bridge, that there had been a Possibility of a Fall of Five Feet of Water taking place at the Bridge, by a Quantity of Water coming down the Channel of the Tyne, or even Half of it, he never would have advised him to have undertaken to build the Bridge at his Charge, nor would he have hazarded his Reputation as an Artist upon it; and yet he had been allured by the County Surveyor, who was also Surveyor of the Bridge under the Witness during the Time of its building, that from Observations he had made in a similar Manner with those made by Mr. Donkin, as above described, that there had been a Fall, amounting to Three Feet Nine Inches in a former Flood, without the Bridge fullering any Derangement whatever — That, although in the singular Instance of the Flood in the Year 1771, the Water role to a greater Height than it did in 1782, yet, as he apprehended the Circumstances of the Rife of Water in 1771 did not bring it down lb suddenly, and of conrfe not with such Velocity, he was of Opinion, that had this Bridge been handing at that Time, as the Fall of Water would have been greatly left, it would not have been injured by it — That the additional Velocity, occasioned by the additional Fall of Five Feet, would be upwards of One thousand Feet in a Minute.

And being asked, Whether in his Opinion it was expedient to attempt the building of another Bridge on the Site of that lately destroyed? he said, He thought not, because the same Causes would, in all Probability, produce the same Effefits, and that therefore whenever the same Combination of Circumstances should concur, the same Effects would follow — That the same Considerations that, if then known, would have deterred him from attempting it at firsty

Vol. 39.

would operate as powerfully hbw, and Would fee Hexham strengthened by the Experience of the late Accident. Bridg*.

- — That he apprehended the Situation and Circumstances of the River were nearly similar at the Place Where a former Bridge, that was forced down by at Flood, had stood, and those of the Place where the Bridge in Question stood. — That if he were to be asked, he would not attempt to build a' Bridge there at his own Rilk, nor would he advise any other Persons to build it, much left that any Undertaking should be entered into for its standing the Term of Seven Years.

And being atked, Whether Mr. Errington derived any Advantage from the Contraft, pursuant to the Estimate delivered in by the Witness? he said. That Mr. Errington declared, when he applied to him, he did not desire or expefit any Advantage from the Contract. — That he was inltru&ed by Mr. Errington to build the Bridge in as substantial a Way as it could be done, who added, that if it cost him feme Hundreds more he ihpuld not mind it, the Advantages to which he looked being only such as might arise from the Contiguity of the Bridge to his Estate.

Being atked, Whether the Public at large, within a certain Distance of the Town of Hexham, were not t be equally benefited with Mr. Errington ? lie said, He apprehended the making of the Road to join the Turnpike Road, which cost feme Hundred Pounds, made that Bridge as beneficial to the Public in the Place where it then stood as it could be if built any where else, and he apprehended the Public would be benefited by it as well as Mr. Errington.

And being atked, Whether Mr. Errington had not fulfilled his Contract as completely as he the Witness could do it? he replied, Yes, he could not do it better —

That he did not know of any Place in the Vicinity of the Town of Hexham, where a Bridge could be built with greater Safety than the Place where the Bridge in Question stood; and he added, that the Plan upon which it was built was the best he could devise —

That the Plan had been executed without Accident, one Instance excepted, in which the Works at feme of the Piers had been injured by a Flood, but that the Pier the most damaged by that Flood was by the last Flood the least damaged, although upon perceiving the Accident happening to these Piers that were damaged, further Works were added to the Whole of them, which occasioned an additional Expence of 600 /. or more.

And being asked. What would be the Expence, with the Materials of the Bridge lo destroyed, of rebuilding it? he said, He could not pretend to ascertain the Expence of rebuilding it; but, as an- Answer to the Scope of that Question, he could say, from the Accounts he had of the Situation of the Bridge, and the Materials belonging to it, that if the County, or any other Person, were desirous of trying another Experiment, there is a more valuable Preparation of Materials than Mr. Errington received from the County.

Mr. Donkin being again examined, informed your Committee, That Mr. Emngton received from the County the Sum of 5,700l. as specified in his Contract — That he expended that Money, and at least 300l.-more, exclusive of the 400l. paid for making the Road, the Whole of which was laid out, except between 20 /. or 30/.

And being asked, What was the Value of the Materials of the destroyed Bridge? he said, He could not ascertain it exactly, but he believed them to be worth-double the Materials that were delivered to Mr. Errington under the Agreement, those having turned out worfo’ than were expected.

Ralph Heron, Esquire, Law Agent to Mr. Errington, being examined, said, That at the Midsummer General

Quarter

Goswell Street, &c. Roads.

a68 40 Martii. A. 1783.

Quarter Sessions in 1712, be was sent for to attend the " Street Road, next in the County of -

Justices, who informed him, that Mr. Errington had " sex, and near to the Road called The New Road, represented to them the Impracticability of rebuilding " over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, the Bridge at Hexham, and prayed to be relieved from u opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from The his Covenant, and that he was willing to pay any reason- " Doghouse Bar to the End of Street, by the

able Sum of Money that was required to the County — Artillery And that Mr. Thomas Scott, Mr.

That the Justices laid, they thought his same a hard Byng, and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and

one, but they could not relieve him without the Aid bring in, the lame, of Parliament; and the Witness received Instructions

from the Justices, in the Presence of Mr. Errington, A Petition of the Constables, Parish Officers, Manu-to apply to Parliament for that Relief, and also to fasturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Canal, exonerate the County from the eventual Chance of Birmingham, in the County of was pre-

having the Bridge to rebuild or repair — That the fented in the House, and read; Setting forth, That Justices then directed that a Bill, when drawn, it appears, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been pre-should be examined by Two Counsel, one on their fented for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, Behalf, and one for Mr. Errington — That there with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the were Twelve Justices at the said General Quarter Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, Sessions, and most of them were present during this and in the several Parishes of Tipton other-

Transaction,' and there was not the least Objection wife Tibbington, Wednesbury, and in

made to Mr. Erringtons Request, That in couse- the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in

quuence of these Proceedings the Petition now before the County of Warwick, and from thence to com-the Committee was presented to the House — That municate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, the Justices suggested the Mode of Application for in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Relief at the Time they declared themselves incapable Stafford; and that the Petitioners for the said Bill of giving him any of themselves, and they seemed proposed and agreed to take and receive the Sum of entirely satisfied of the Impracticability of building One Shilling per Ton for the Tonnage of all Coals another Bridge. to be navigated upon the said Canal from the said

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Coal Mines to Bam Close, by which Means a Con-for cancelling, on the Terms therein mentioned, certain liderable Reduction in the Price of that necessary Articles and a Bond entered into by Henry Errington, Article would , have been effected at the said Town of Esquire, conditioned to build a Bridge over the River Birmingham, to the Great Benefit of the Petitioners Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of and the other Manufacturers and Inhabitants of the Northumberland, with Roads and other Works thereto, laid Town; and that the Petitioners also observe, by and to uphold the same for a limited Time: And that Sir the Votes, that a Bill hath been presented to enable William Middleton, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Matthew the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation White Ridley, and Sir John Delaval, do prepare, and to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a bring in, the fame. Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbrom-

wich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Mr. Thomas Scott reported from the Committee, to small Collateral Cuts from the same to lead to several whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execu- Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal from or tion an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making. Canal at or near Fazeley, in die Parish of Tamworth,

" widening, and repairing a Road from the North-East with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the " Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, in Town of Birmingham; and the Petitioners conceive,

" the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called that both the said Undertakings will not be carried " The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old into Execution: And therefore praying, That if the " Street Road, opposite to the Doghouse-bar, and at Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable u and from the Doghouse-bar to the End of Chiswell Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from the said Coal Street, by the Artillery Ground," whose Names are Mines to Birmingham and Fazeley, should be rejected thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee by the House, that Provision may be made in the bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal, for the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn- restraining the Proprietors thereof from taking or re-pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com- ceiving higher or greater Rates of Tonnage for the mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Coals to be conveyed from the said Coal Mines upon and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared the said Canal, and the proposed Extensions thereof, and to them, to the House; and he read the Report in discharged at any of the Wharfs already made, or his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s which shall hereafter be made, upon the said Canal,

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; or the proposed Extension thereof at Birmingham afore-viz. said, than were proposed to be taken and received

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said by the Petitioners for the said other Bill, and herein-Act was read: And, before stated, and that the Petitioners may have such

Mr. j BenjaminBame/ly, the Clerk to the Trustees, further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall

bring examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded seem meet.

in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed a Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the considerable Sum of Money, which has been laid out Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to for the Purposes thereof, and that the Sum of 3,000l. enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navi-now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor gation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of West-sranted by the said Act is enlarged, and feme further bromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Powers are given to the said Trustees. Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coal Mines, and also, an Extension of Canal from or near enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and repairing Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of " a Road from the North-East Side of The Goswell Birmingham, is committed.

A Bill

a3 Geo. III. 40

Wilden Ferry to Gainsborough Navigation.

Arkwright’s

Cotton

Machine.

East India Piece Goods.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Terrify in the Coun-

ties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Land for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Eyre, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wigan aforesaid, was presented to the iloufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Itichard Arkicrig of in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, for an Act to give him a farther Term fof the exclusive Use of certain Machines for making Cotton into Yarn, for which he obtained a Patent in the Year 1769; and that the continuing or enlarging the Term of the said Patent, as prayed for by the said Petition, would be of raoft grievous Prejudice and Oppression to the Manufactories in the Cotton Trade: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Application, and that a Bill may not pass for the Purpose prayed by the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Total Amount of unrated East India Piece Goods, sold at the East India Company’s " Sales for March and September 1780, March 1781,

" and March 1782, together with the Duties paid 4‘ thereon, distinguishing each Sale."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Pa|ier do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved among!) the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shrewsbury Sir Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, Small Debts, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, or reading and trading in, the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Loxdale being examined, said, That the Town of Shrewsbury is a large and populous Town, and by reason of its large Fairs and Markets, and the many extensive Trades and Manufactures which are carried on in the said Town and Liberties, and all'o on account of the Commerce and Intercourse with North Wales, VOL, 39.

by means of the Navigation on the River Severn, and a Communication with several great Works carried on in Places adjacent, several Thoufaml Persons are employed, many of whom contract Small Debts, and, although well able, refuse to pay the lame, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under by the Delays and great Expence they are subject to in filing for such Debts by the usual Course of Law.

And the Witness further said, That if a more easy and l}>eedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Town and Liberties, were established, it would greatly tend to promote Industry and support useful Credit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop: And that Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr.

Pulteney, and Sir Henry Bridgman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Whitebills Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Forfeiture repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Efftfts forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; and for discoveiing his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; anrl, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Duties on Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Tobacco. Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual l'ecur-‘ ing the Duties upon Tobacco;’’ and to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon " Tobacco;" to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Provilb in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines; to be imported in small Calks for private Use; and for taking off the inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Copper Coip. thereunto subscribed, the principal Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Quantities of Counterfeit Halfpence have, for some Time past, been circulated within the said City and its Neigh? bourliood, and are yet increasing to a Degree so alarming as to threaten the most pernicious Consequences to the Trade and Property of many Individuals in particular, a9 well as to the Injury of the Community in

3 Z general:

*zio 4° Ma A. 1783.

general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as they shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trade with Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House pher’» r&c*~ to re 've int° & Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a Time to be limited; and of permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties; and of further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and of an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montseri'at, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Necis, Montserrat, Dom, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Shifts, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of thoie Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on 'Payment of the British Plantation Duties.-and to -cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing . certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an ACfc made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing -the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken -out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cauccl certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher,

Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America: And that Mr. Ord and.

Mr. Orde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for rendering more effectual the Provisions Dying Trade, contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord,

Mr. Baker, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the ships in Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Ordinary,&t, to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* i. A Lift of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War that were in Ordinary or Harbour Service on the 21st Day of March 1782, in either of the Ports of Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, or Sheemess: And also,

N° 2. The State and Condition of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War employed in Home Service, agreeable to the last Weekly Accounts preceding the 21st Day of March 1782: And also,

N° 3. The State and Condition of all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War on Foreign Service, and on the Coasts of Scotland or Ireland, according to the last Accounts received at the Admiralty from the Commanders in Chief on the several Stations Abroad, or from the senior Officer of any Squadron of King’s Ships on Foreign Stations, and on the Coasts of Scotland or Ireland, according to the Weekly Returns of the nearest Date to the 21st of March 1782: And also,

N° 4. Copies of the Correspondence between the senior Officer of His Majesty’s Ships in the Bay of Honduras, and the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and Indian Chiefs, between the Month of September 1779 anc* Month of January following, as the same were transmitted, by Sir Peter Parker, to the Board of Admiralty.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Trade with-Reading of the Bill for the provisional Establishment America, and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resotoed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the gUpPiy. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand

Pounds

3 Geo. III. 4° Martii. i

Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were " made One Joint Stock by an Act made in the " Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, with certain Annuities conlbli-' " dated by several Acts made in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirtysecond, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his " said late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Four hundred and Ninety-five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A ftfor raising a further Sum of " Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service u of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightytwo," and charged upon the first Aids to be grahted in this Session of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Sefiiion of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Four thousand One hundred and Fifty-five Invalids, amounting to Fifty-four thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight Effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both inclusive, being One hundred and Twenty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Fifty-six thousand Nine hundred and Four Pounds, Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifty-four thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jeisey, for One hundred and Twenty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Ten thousand Six hundred Twenty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for One hundred and Twenty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Five hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for One hundred and Twenty-one Days, from

Vol. 39.

the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Severn Supply, hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand and Seventy-four Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Seven Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-five thousand Four hundred Eighteen Pounds and Ten Shillings, Be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for Ninety Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Additional to His Majesty s Forces, from the Commencement of their respective Establishments, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of F’ive Provincial Corps, formed in North America, for One hundred and Twenty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three,. both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninely-six thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out--Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, (That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand and Seventeen Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-seven thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Niue Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Seventy-tw’o Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five thousand One hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred and Fifty-seven Men, of the Troops of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

djz 40 — 50 Martii. A. 1783.

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of IValdeck, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Five hundred and One Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one Men, of the Troops of Brandebourg in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, pursuant to Treaty.

Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Eighteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Nine hundred and Thirty-three Men, of the Troops of Anhalt Zerbst, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbst, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Seventeen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of HCassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred and Nineteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anspach, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred Eighty-three Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Artillery for Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The Ten firtt Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eleventh Rciblution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUe.for.beYe^^,. } 37.

Tellers for the Noes,{^; Sectary at War, J ?6 So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Twelfth and Thirteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Desertion. Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Pain*, Ac. o» Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Rumboldand Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, ^>ernng‘ and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Three Weeks, the 31st Day of this Instant.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Children of whole House, to whom the Bill for further explaining Natural-born a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Sul*jetts* Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ame, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III111 Regis, >783-Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Henlhaw, &c.

several Town-Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waft© Inolofure. Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Hen* show and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thonms Clavering, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Birmingham and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of tt}e Canal. Town of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln tAnd also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders,

and

23 Geo. III. 5* Martii.

*73

and other Inhabitants of the Borough of in

the County of Lincoln;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Boston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton otherwise

Tibbington, Wednesbury, and , in

the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazdey, in the Parish of in

the said County of; and allb, of the

Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider’s Green, in the Parish of to

water Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the lame, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tanrworth, with a Collateral Branch

to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and Setting forth. That it appears, by Surveys and Levels taken, that the Rivers Trent and Tame may, at an easy Expence, be made navigable from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the Town of , and from

thence to or near Fishers Mills, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Warwick, and also, that the River Anker may be made navigable from the said Town of at its

Junction with the River Tame, to or near Filand Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and that a Cut or Canal may be conveniently made from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, already completed, to Atherstone, and also, that a Communication may be conveniently made from the River Trent to the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, at or near nover, in the County of Stafford; and Alledging, that the making the said Rivers navigable with the aforesaid Cuts or Canals will be done at much left Expence than extending the said Canal from Fishers Mills to Fazeley, as intended by the said Bills, and completing the Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, the Place of its intended Junction with the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and that it will also be attended with a Saving to the Public of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, which would be taken and used for the said Canals, and every Communication intended by the said Bills will be effected; and that, if the said Bills, or either of them, should pass Hitp a Law in their present Form, the Petitioners and the Public at large will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That they may; be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Parts of the said Bills, or either of them, as may affect the Interest of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of die Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Riders Green, in the Parish of , to Broad-

water Fire Engine, and to make Six small

Vol. 39.

Collateral Cats from the feme, to send to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Tpwp of Birmingham, tQ join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tarmoorth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the fei<J Petitions.

A Petition of the Electors of the ancient Toxpn and Representa-Borough of Southwark, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, a.

That the present disproportioned and inadequate Representation of the Commons of this Realm, and un-‘ constitutional Duration of Parliament, are Grievances of so great Magnitude as to require immediate Attention and effectual Redress; and that a fair and equal Representation throughout the Kingdom is pot only the natural, true, and constitutional, But the most simple and practicable Mode of correcting the present Defects in the National Reprel'entation, and the only Species of Reform that can either render general Jufrice, give general Satisfaction, or afford a complete Security for the future Purity of this important Branch of the Legislature: And the Petitioners trpft the House will consider, that in the Subject of this Petition is included all that can be dear to Citizens and to Men:

And therefore entreating the House to take the Premises into Consideration, in full Expectation that the House will bestow it? lerious Attention to their Complaints, examine their Claims with Impartiality, and finally afford its utmost Aid in obtaining Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the,

Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names sre^Mark field, thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution &c. Road, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Markpeld Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of '

Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where toe Road leading from the Town of Loughbrough. to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That toe Petitioners did on the 5th Day of February last, prefer a Petition to the House, for Leave tp bring in a Rill to continue and render more effectual the said Act, which Petition has been referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, ns it should appear to them, to the House; and that the Petitioners, at the Time of presenting their said Petition, apprehended the said Act had Continuance till the next Session of Parliament, by virtue of tome of the general Acts of Parliament relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, but have since discovered that the same do not extend thereto, and therefore the said former Petition was improper to meet the true State of the Petitioners Cafe:

And therefore praying, That the said Order of to?

House may be discharged, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to revive and render more effectual the above-mentioned Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year, of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the several Powers thereby granted.

4 A Ordered,

274 5° Matin. A. 1783.

Trade with St. Christopher’s, &c.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Bedford I eve! Bond Debts.

l^eacblade

Canal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the '1 own of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Latte, near to a Place called Snape Gate, is referred-' And that they do examine the Matter of this' Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them/ to the House.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order/ a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Blands of -

topher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said I Hands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those lilands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain Temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Philip Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Pens, to fell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have bceu or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon Account of those Levels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Willey, Linley, Madeley, Little Wenlock, Dawley, Bui Iand and

Places adjacent, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in Parliament, for forming a Junction between the Rivers Severn and Thames, by a Canal to be cut from or near Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, to Leaehlade, in the iamt County, which will not only be of public lTtility to this Kingdom

in general, but also of the greatest Advantage to the Petitioners and others residing within the said Parishes and Places adjacent, by facilitating the Carriage, and thereby reducing the exorbitant Price, of Fuel, and other Necessaries of Life: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. , .

The Order of the Day being read, for calling over Call of the the Names of such Members as, upon Wednesday, the Hous*.

19th Day offebruary last, made Default to appear;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ireland — to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for removing and preventing all Doubts p^8m°enti which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal, from any of His Majesty s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, ‘ and adjudged, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to declare, that no Treasons, Misprision of Treasons, or other Offences committed, or to be committed in Ireland, shall be enquired of, heard or determined, within this Realm.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India England trading to The East Indies, being offered to Affair*, be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated by Charter, made for a valuable Consideration, whereby the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to, in, and from The East Indies was granted to the Petitioners, with other Rights and Privileges, which have been confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament; and that, under the Authority of the Charters granted to the Petitioners, and the Faith of Acts of Parliament confirming the fame, the Petitioners raised a very large Sum of Money by Way of Capital, and have carried on the Trade to, in, and from The East Indies for above 80 Years, to the very great Emolument and Advantage of this Country; and that, till the Year 1745, the Petitioners were considered in India merely in the Character of Traders enjoying such Settlements or Factories, and Privileges of Trade, as were from Time to Time granted to them by the Princes of India, without having any Military

Force,

23 Geo. III. 5 ° Martii.275

Force, or Expences . of, that Kind, more than were State, they ought to be reimbursed their Expences as East India necessary for the Defence of the Petitioners Settle- Agents, and, that the State ought not to avail itself Affairs, ments and Factories against a sudden Attack of the of the Benefit of the Acquisition, without first making Natives; and that the Petitioners would probably have a Satisfaction for the Expences: But His Majesty’s continued in the same Condition of Traders to the Ministers, on Behalf of the Public, having soon after present Time, had the Company not been involved in the said Acquisition laid Claim to the said Territories the War between France and England in the Year 1745, for the Use of the Public (a Claim which the Petitioners when a Squadron of English Ships was sent to India refilled) a Treaty took Place thereon, and, under a by Government to annoy, the French Trade; several mistaken Idea of immense Riches expected to flow into French Prizes were taken at Sea by this Squadron, and the Petitioners Treasury in England from the Revenues an Intention was formed of attacking the French by in India, an Agreement was made by way of Trial,

Land on the Coast of Coromandel, but the then Nabob and Twice renewed, to suspend the Determination of of The Carnatic required the President and Council of the Claim, the Petitioners during this Suspension Madras to (top Hostilities against the French within his paying 400,000l. a Year to the Use of the Public; Dominions, threatening, that, if the English Squadron under those Arrangements the Company made sundry should venture to aCk contrary to his Orders, the Town Payments to the Public, down to the 5th of July of Madras should atone for the Disobedience, and the 1772, to the Amount of 2,169,398/. 18s. 2 and

Nabob enjoined the French to the like Line of Conduct thereby incurred Debts in England to a large Amount, towards the English; and that the President and Coun- and were drove to such Distress as to be obliged to cil of Madras prevailed on the English Commander apply to Parliament for Relief, upon which Occasion (Commodore Barnet) to defilt from Hostilities at Land; a Loan was made to the Petitioners by the Public, but, when a French Force arrived in India, the Nabob which was afterwards repaid with Interest; and that departed from his Resolution, and permitted the French, although the Public reaped such great Advantage as without any Refiltance on his Part, to capture Madras, hereinbefore is mentioned from the said Territories, and the Company sustained a very heavy Loss in this besides a very great Increase in the Duties of Customs Capture, besides the Expences of the War, which was and Excise, which, on an Average of Fifteen Years ira-wholly European; and that, at the Peace in 1749, the mediately preceding the Acquisition of the Duannee, Settlement of Madras was restored, nevertheless the produced no more than 14,940,659/. and in the Fifteen French continued their Hostilities upon the Coast of Years immediately succeeding amounted to 19,889,673/. Coromandel, in the Character of Auxiliaries or Allies the Petitioners have received no other Advantage thereto some of the Country Powers, but with an evident from than the Sum of 1,453,000l. which was appro-ambitious View of acquiring Territory, and injuring priated to reduce their Bond Debt from 2,898,124/. the Petitioners in their Trade; and that the Petitioners, 105. down to 1,497,000l.; and that, after deducting in their own Defence, were under a Necessity of giving the said Sum of 1,453,000l. received by the Petitioners Support to those native Princes who were friendly to out of the said Territories and Revenues as aforesaid, their Interests, and these Contests were continued at a from the said 5,069,000 /. Disbursements on Account very heavy Expence till the Territories were obtained of the Wars and Troubles in the Petitioners are

in the Year 1765, and in this Space of Time the now in Disburse on that Account to the Amount of Company had the additional Misfortune of another 3,616,000 /. besides Interest on such Disburse to a very European War, which spread into The East Indies, from large Amount; and that the Loan made by Govern-about the Year 1756 to 1763, and very greatly in- ment being repaid, and the Company’s Bond Debt creased their Expences, amongst which there are now reduced as aforesaid. His Majesty’s Ministers resumed Three very large Debts owing to the Petitioners, one their Claim of a Participation in the said Territories of 260,687/. for the Maintenance of French Prisoners, and Revenues, and in the Beginning of the Year 1781 another for Hospital Expences for His Majesty’s demanded the immediate Payment of 600,000l., as a Troops at Bengal, Bombay, and Madras, amounting Share of Three-fourths of past Profits; and that the to 21,447/. and the third of 139,877/. remaining un- Petitioners strongly remonstrated against the very severe paid, for the Company’s Expences in the Capture of Terms insisted upon on the Part of Government as hard Manilla, undertaken by the express Orders of iiis late and oppressive, and made various Propositions to Majesty King George the Second; and that the Pe- mitigate. the Severity of the Terms: At length the titioners Troubles were not confined to the Coast of Petitioners were induced to agree to pay the Public Coromandel, but extended to Bengal; in 1756 the Set- 400,000l., in full of past Profits, up to the lft of tlement of Fort William xa Bengal, was taken from the March 1781, and from that Time to pay the Public Petitioners by Sourajah Dowlah, and although it was Three-fourth Parts of all their Profits in England beyond afterwards retaken, Hostilities in various Shapes, and a Dividend of & I. per Cent, lo the Proprietors, and to under different Circumstances, were continued with take upon themselves the Payment of sundry Naval and Little Intermission, until, by the Treaties concluded in Military Expences, which at all Times before had August 1765, the Duannees of Bengal, Baltar, and been borne by Government, and even during the last Orissa, and the Five Northern Circars, were granted War sundry Payments were made by Government to the to the Petitioners; and that the Expences sustained by Petitioners, pursuant to Acts of Parliament, in lieu

the Petitioners from their Trading Stock in England, of Troops withdrawn from India; and that Objections

on account of the Hostilities in India, which ended in were made to this Agreement on the Part of the the Cession of Territories as above-mentioned, together Petitioners, from an Apprehension of the Inability of with the Expences occasioned by the European Wars, the Petitioners to sustain it, and subsequent Events amounted to upwards of 5,069,000l. Sterling; and the have but too fully evinced, that such Apprehension w as Petitioners beg Leave to submit to the House, that in just, for the Petitioners having paid 300,000l. in Part Respect to so much of this Expenditure as related to of the said Sum of 400,000l., have not been able

European Wars, the Petitioners should have been in- to pay the remaining 100,000l., nor have they been

demnified by Government, and as to so much as able to pay the Whole of the Customs which have respected the mere Indian Wars which produced the become due to His Majesty; but, pursuant to an Act,

Cession of Territories and Revenues, the Petitioners made last Session of Parliament for that Purpose, the conceive it must be allowed, that, if the Company feid Sum of 100,000/, and 396,466/., due for Cuf-in obtaining the Revenues acted as Agents of the toms, have been postponed to the lft of 1783,

Vol. 39- *nd

F.act India A flair*.

276 5 0 Martii, -£1783.

and die Petitioners have also been obliged to postpone marry of their Commercial Debts: Upon the Whole, -the Terms of the said Agreement, carried into Execution by an Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, appear to the Petitioners so contrary to their just Expectations, and the Terms in other Respects so hard, that the Petitioners hope the House, upon /nature Consideration of the various Parts thereof, with the Petitioners Observations therepn, and Propofols for varying the fame, will be pleated to grant the Petitioners Relief therein; for which Purpose the Petitioners now beg Leave to submit the same to the House, in the Order in which they arise upon the said Act of Parliament: First, The Agreement and Act compel the Petitioners to pay the Public 400,000l. in full for past Profits, up to the lft of March 1781, in Part whereof there has been already paid 300,000 /. and the remaining 100,000l. is only poltponed to the lft of 1783: Second,

All the Petitioners Profits inbeyond a Dividend of 8/. per Cent, to the Proprietors, are to be divided between the Public and the Petitioners in the Proportion of Three'-fourths to the Public, and One-fourth to the Petitioners; and, according to the Letter of the said Act, this Profit may be computed on the Accounts of a single Year, without providing for the Reiinbursement of any Lois sustained in the preceding Year, the Whole of which is, by this Mode of Computation, thrown upon the Petitioners; and that this Appropriation of Profits, for the Time past and to come, ariles from an Idea of the Public being entitled, independent of the Petitioners, to the Territorial Revenues in India: The Petitioners do not acquiesce in this Claim, however they do not think it incumbent upon than at this Time to enter into a Difculfion of it, and the Question to which the Petitioners intreat the Attention of the House, is under what Condition Justice can require a Participation from the Company? The Petitioners rely, that the most strenuous Afferter of the Claim of the Public {much more those who will give a liberal Consideration to the Subject) must allow that the Indian Revenues, or any Part thereof, ought not to be wrested from the Petitioners without a Reimbursement of the Expences of Acquisition, to which the Petitioners must add, that the Situation of their Affairs, distressed at Home, and loaded with Debt Abroad, requires such a Reimbursement, or an adequate Recompence in lieu thereof; the Bond Debt, which the Petitoners now owe, in a great Measure arose from their Military Expences in India, or has been necessarily continued on that Account; independent of theie Expences, the Petitioners ordinary Mercantile Profits would have enabled them to have extmguished the Whole of their Bond Debt long before the Territories were acquired; and that the Petitioners Necessities, arising from the Want, of being reimbursed a Principal of above Three Millions and an Half, and an Interest increasing on such Principal to a much greater Amount, it is conceived will justify Hopes of receiving effectual Aid from the Public; whillt these Disbursements remain unpaid to the Petitioners, they must conceive they are within the Bounds of Moderation in thinking that the Payments of 2,169,000l. and 300,000l. for the LTfe of the Public, were made under mistaken Ideas of the Petitioners pecuniary Abilities, and they confidently hope and trust, that so much thereof will now be returned as may enable them to carry on their Affairs, at Ic-aft that the ’300,000 /. so lately advanced when the Petitioners were utterly unable to spare it, may be returned in Part of the Reimbursement of their Ex-

5ences in acquiring the Territories, and that the Petitioners may bn released from the 100,000l. which remains unpaid; and the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that the Sum which they will a.

want to carry on their Affairs only to the lft of March 1784, upon the most correct Calculation they have been able to make, allowing for the fofe Arrival «f all their expected Ships within that Period, will be about 900,000l. without paying the said loo, oo0/. but what farther Supply the Demands upon the Petitioners, fub-sequent to that Period, may require, they are not at present able to ascertain; nor will the House be surprised at the pecuniary Difficulties in which the Petitioners are involved, when they are informed, that, in Addition to the Expences and other Losses necessarily attendant on a State of Hostility, the increased Charge of the Petitioners in the Article of Shipping alone, during an European War, exceeds the Annual Sum of 500,000 /.; and if, upon mature Consideration, it shall not be seen fit for the Public to return the Money received from the Petitioners as aforesaid, or any Part thereof; it will be necessary that feme other Means of Relief should be given to the Petitioners; in this Cafe, and in order to provide for all Events without reducing the Dividend, which must affect the Petitioners Credit, and consequently the Interest of the State iri their Commerce, the Petitioners would propose to the House, that they should be permitted to increase their Bond Debt, as their Occasions may require, to any Sum not exceeding their former Bond Debt, and to repay the same from their subsequent Profits before any Participation takes place, which Increase of Debt, as the Law now Hands, cannot be made, preserving the very moderate Dividend at present paid on their Stock; and that, although the Petitioners trust that a Recompence will be made to them for their Disbursements in acquiring the Territories, they do not wish to apply the same in Dividends beyond 8 /. per Cent, as long as they shall owe Money upon Bond exceeding 1,500,000l. nor after that Time to increase their Dividend beyond the Rate mentioned in the said Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, until the present Bond Debt shall be wholly discharged; and that the Petitioners further hope, that the House will not only fee proper to vary the subsisting Agreement, but that the Term of the Agreement will be extended; so short a Term as Ten Years (whereof Two Years are now expired) is injurious to Public Credit, in promoting Speculations upon what may be the Terms of new Agreements; and the Affairs of the Petitioners, by means of short Terms, are kept in a continued State of Agitation; on the Part of the Public, the Petitioners conceive a long Term cannot be objected to, as the Public cannot polfibly ever require to be paid a greater Share than Three-fourths of the Profits of the Territories; and the Petitioners further beg Leave to submit to the House, that the Clause of the said Act of the Tw-enty-first of His present Majesty, which directs that the Payment of the Three-fourths of Profits appropriated to the Public shall be made on the First Day of May in every Year, should be varied; the September Sale, when the Petitioners Sales arse regular is always the largest, and it frequently happens, in the ordinary Course of the Compariy’s Affairs, independent of any uncommon or unforeseen Expences, that the Petitioners are obliged to borrow Money in the Summer Half Year to pay Duties, or for other Purposes, therefore the Payment to Government of the Public’s Share of Profits being fixed to be made on the First of May, is very inconvenient; Two Remedies may be applied, the first {and which appears to be the most eligible) is, out of the Surplus Profits to raise a joint Fund, to remain by way of Stock, not to be divided till the End of the Term of Participation; the other is, to give Liberty to the Lords of the Treasury to allow such Time for the Payment of the Public’s Share of Profits as the Company’s Affairs may appear to require: The Third Observation which arises on the said Act of the

Twenty-

Geo. III. 50 Martii. ij-j

Twenty-first of His present Majesty, is on the Clauses that such Salt Petre should bs paid for at the’Rate of East India:

which oblige the Petitioners to pay Two Lacks of 451, Ton in Time of Peace, and 53/. per Ton' Affairs.

Rupees for each Regiment of Soldiers belonging to in Time of War; these Prices, at the Time the Act

His Majesty employed in The East Indies, to victual was made, were computed to be about the Amount

the King’s Ships in India, and to supply Naval and of Prime Cost, including Freight, Losses, and.Ch'arges,

Military Stores; these were always considerCd by the but for many Years past, on Account of the Increase Petitioners as infopportable Burthens, and Time con- of Freights, and other Circumstances of Expence, they firms this Apprehension; and that these Expences, have been greatly inadequate to the Prime Cost and till the said Act of the Twenty-first of His pfefent Charges, and are likely to continue so; wherefore the Majesty, have always been borne by Government, and, Petitioners hope, that the House will vary the said Act, it is submitted, ought to continue so to be paid; the either by directing the Payment to be made upon a new same Reason which makes it incumbent upon Govern- Computation of Prime Costs and Charges, or according ment to protest the rest of the British Dominions, to the Prime Costs, Charges, and Losses, upon an’ fully holds in respect to The East Indies; the India Account to be from Time to Time made up thereof;

Trade brings an immense Revenue to Government from and, as Government for a long Time palt have demanded the Customs and Excise upon the Imports, besides great a much larger Supply of Salt Petre than 500 Tons a Benefits to this Country from the large Exports of its Year, Provision should be made for the Payment of any Produce and Manufactures; in these Respects, inde- Surplus Supply at the same Rate at which Salt Petre was pendent of Participation, the Public are much more sold at the Petitioners Sale next preceding such Surplus in te re fled than the Proprietors of Stock; if these Ex- Supply; and the Petitioners further beg Leave to state pences are to be continued as a Burthen upon the to the House, that there now remains due to them foi* Petitioners, they will very materially affect both the Salt Petre from the Office of Ordnance, the Sum of Public and the Company; those who framed these 80,008 /. 15 3 which the Master of the Ord-

Clauses supposed that the Payments would be no Bur- nance, and the other Officers of that Board, do not then upon the Company in England, because they were think themselves authorized to pay, although the same to be made out of the Produce of the Revenues in India: was included and voted in the Supplies of the Year

but this will be found to be a very mistaken Notion; 1781: Upon the whole, the Petitioners intreat the

for it now clearly appears, that if these Payments are House to take their same into Consideration; and made in India, there will be nothing left for Investments trusting and confiding in the Wisdom and Justice of to England, nor will the Revenues, even without any the House, the Petitioners most humbly pray that so Investment, be sufficient to pay these and the other much of the said several Sums so disbursed by the enormous Military Expences in India; if the Invest- Petitioners, as shall be necessary to relieve the Petition-ments fail from this Cause, the Duties payable to ers from their present Distress, may be repaid to the Government in England will proportionably be dimi- Petitioners, at least that the said Sum of 300,000/, nished, and there can be no Fund for Participation; on so lately advanced, when the Petitioners were utterly the contrary, the Petitioners will Yearly be brought in unable to spare it, may be returned, and that the Debt by their Trade, for Bills will be drawn to pay for Petitioners may be released from the said Sum of such Investments as shall be made, in order to avoid 160,000l. which remains unpaid as aforesaid, and that fending Home unloaded Ships upon Demurrage, and will the Petitioners may by paid the said Debts due to encourage Smuggling, which is highly injurious to the them for French Prisoners, Hospital Expences, and the Public and the Company; and that in respect. to vie- Charges of the Expedition to Manilla, and that Pro-tualling the Ships in India, the Petitioners conceive vision may be made for raising Money from Time to that the Words of the Act most clearly shew that the Time, not exceeding 1,500,0001, in such Manner as Provision relates only to such Victualling as The East to the House shall seem meet, to enable the Petition-Indies produce, and this was fully expreued to be the ers to carry on their Affairs without Prejudice to the Intention of His Majesty’s Ministers, yet the Com- Dividend of 8 /. per Cent, and that the Money so missioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy have raised may be repaid out of future Profits in preference required the Company to send out Victualling from to a Participation, and that Provision may be made England; and, Opinions of Counsel have been taken for raising a Fund to carry on the Petitioners Affairs, on both Sides of the Question, which may probably or Time allowed for Payment of the Public's Share of end in a Suit at Law, if the Petitioners are not re- Profits, till the Petitioners are enabled to pay such lieved by Parliament; and that in regard to the Profits without borrowing Money for that Purpose, or Naval and Military Stores, the Quantity of them is for the ordinary Currency of their Affairs, and, that such as very greatly increases the Petitioners Ex- in case of a Deficiency in any Year’s Account, the pences of Freight and Demurrage, which are wholly same may be carried forward in the Account of next & Charge upon their Cash in England, the complicated Year, in like Manner as was directed by an Act of Mode in which they are to be provided and paid for, the last Session; and that the Petitioners may be re-is highly exceptionable, and may be injurious to the lieved from the Military and Naval Expences in India, Company in paying for them, for although a Mode with which they are burthened by the said Act of the of Reimbursement is fixed, the Company at a Cer- Twenty-first of His present Majesty; and that Pro-tainty, is to remain in Advance for a Part of the vision may be made for the Petitioners being paid the Disburse, which the State of their Treasury may not Debt now due to the Petitioners from the Board of be able to bear; the Petitioners therefore hope, that Ordnance, and being freed from Lose.in the Supply of the House will consent to a Repeal of the Clauses in Salt Petre to Government, and for the Petitioners being the Act respectang Naval and Military. Stores; and paid the Market Price for so much as they shall supply the Petitioners must also crave the House to take into beyond 500 Tons of Salt Petre per Annum, or that the Consideration the Supply of Salt Petre, and consent Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises; to a Variation of the Law relating thereto; and that as the Nature of their same shall require, and as to the the Company by their Charter are obliged to supply House shall seem proper.

Government Annually with 500 Tons of Salt Petre, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the if demanded; the Charter stipulated that this Supply Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-should be made by the Company at Prime Cost, with- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall out charging any Profit, but, by an Act made in the appear to them, to the House:

First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, it was enacted, And it is referred to Sir Mr. Smith, See.:

You$9. 4B An*

Mutiny and Desertion.

Army —

Paymaster

General's

Office.

Army —

Paymaster's

Balances.

Army —

Paymaster

General’s

Office.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Trade with America*

278 50 — 6° Martii. A. 1783.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances of the Right honourable Edmund Burke, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the ill Day of June last to this Day, distinguishing the Times of the several Requisitions to the Treasury.

Ordered, That Charles Bembridge, Esquire, do, upon this Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of " Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," is committed.

Ordered, That Richard Champion, Esquire, late Deputy Paymaster, do attend the said Committee at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Anguish, Esquire, One of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and Rating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jams, 6° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters,

A PETIT ION of the Gentlemen, Traders, wnden TVn-v Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the toOainfoo-' County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto fob- rough Navi-{bribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 8ation-forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the extreme Necessity there is for such Improvement being made, the piefent State of that River being a grievous Impediment to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Counties, and of the Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners are informed, the Depth of Water meant to be procured by the said intended Improvement is to be only 18 Inches, whereas they are clearly convinced that a less Depth than 24 Inches will be very inadequate to the Occasions . of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Navigable Canals and Rivers communicating with The Trent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for deepening the said River Trent to 24 Inches at the least, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Ditto.,) and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed the said Improvement is intended to be confined to a Depth of 18 Inches of Water, although a much greater Depth may be obtained at a moderate Expence, and they are clearly convinced a greater Depth will be necessary for the Occasions of the Public, and the Accommodation of the several Canals which open Communications between the interior Parts of the Kingdom and The And

therefore praying, That the Improvement of the said River may not be limited to so inadequate a Depth as 18 Inches, but that it may be extended to such Depth of Water, and executed in such Manner, as will be moil beneficial to the Public, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called frilden Ferry, in the Counties of Der and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the feme with Hories, is committed.

Sir Richard Hotham presented to the House, ac- St George cording to Order, a Bill to prevent Prisoners in the (Southwark) King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their PpM. Families or Servants gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southxoark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said Kings Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor, and for appointing

Collectors

23 Geo. III. 6* Martit. 279

Col left ors of the Poors Rates, within the said Pa-rith; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Revoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ForehoePoor. Sir Edtcard Astleyreported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norf olk, was read: And

The Honourable Henry Hobart being examined, said, That the Guardians of the Poor in the said Hundred have, by virtue of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, purchased Grounds, and erected proper and commodious Buildings thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor — That they borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Credit and Security of the said Grounds and Buildings, and of the Rates or Assessments authorized by the said Act to be made and laid — That the Money lo borrowed was the whole Sum that the Guardians were by the Act enabled to raise, end has been all expended — That besides that Sum, the Whole of which remains due, some further Debts have unavoidably been incurred — -That it is now found, that the - Rates or Assessments, which by the said Act the Guardians are empowered to make or lay, are inefficient; and, that unless they are enabled to raise a further Sum, over and above the Produce of the said Rates, some additional Buildings, which are quite necessary, cannot be erected, the Principal Money already borrowed cannot be paid off, nor the Interest regularly discharged, and the Poor within the said Hundred cannot be properly supported and maintained.

Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Harbord Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lawton, See.Sir John WroUesley reported from the Committee,

Hoad. to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the

Term and Powers of on Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Chester, to Bunion and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foand the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the‘'Report in his Flaee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

You 39.

Sir Charlton Leighton prefenfed so the House, accord- shrewsbury ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Small Debts of Small Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Crowgey, Gentleman, the Port- Penryn reeve of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Corn- Ele&im* wall, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland bearing Lot within the lame, was pre-ieoted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Borough of Penryn is a Borough by Prescripfion, and the Portreeve of the said Borough is the principal Officer within the lame, and presides at the Election of Members of Parliament for the said Borough, and is the Returning Officer on such Elections; and that, ever since the Time of Edward the Sixth, the said Borough has lent Members to Parliament, and the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland bearing Lot within the said Borough; and that the Portreeve of the said Borough is elected at a Court Leet held for that Purpose within One Month after Michaelmas, Yearly; and that King James the First created a Corporation within the said Borough, consisting of a Mayor and Aldermen, and Burgesses, but did not impower the said Mayor and Aldermen to el eft, or join in the Election of, Members to serve in Parliament; and that King James the Second, during the Subsistence of the First Corporation, granted a Charter of Incorporation to the said Borough, and thereby impowered the Mayor and Twenty-four Aldermen nominated by him, in and by the said Charter, to elect and return Two Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, notwithstanding the Grant of the said last mentioned Charter, the Mayor and Aldermen have never interfered, or pretended to interfere, in the Election of Members, save as herein after-mentioned; and that, from the Time of the Grant of the first-mentioned Charter, until the Year 1767, the Offices of Portreeve and Mayor were generally united in the feme Person, and therefore the Precepts from the Sheriff for the Election of Members during that Period were directed to the Mayor and Portreeve; and that, since the Year 1767, the Offices of Mayor and Portreeve have been held by separate and distinct Persons, and from that Time until the Year 1780, the Precepts on the General Elections, and on the several intermediate Vacancies for the said Borough, were directed by the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall for the Time being to the Portreeve of the said Borough only; and that, on the General Election in the Year 1780, the Sheriff of the said County directed his Precept to the Mayor and Portreeve, but the Words " Mayor and " were afterwards struck out, yet the Mayor and some of the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough in that Year presented a Petition to the House, complaining of the Election and Return made by the Portreeve, And, amongst other Things, complaining that William Crowgey, the Portreeve of the said Borough, took upon himself to act as Returning Officer at the said Election, without permitting the Mayor of the said Borough to join with hint therein, but the said Petition, not having been heard in the Session when it was presented, it was not returned in the next Session; and that, in the Month of December last, on the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of John Rogers, Esquire, who had vacated his Seat, Mr.

Charles Rashleigh, the Undersheriff, and who afteft for John Coryton, Esquire, the Sheriff of the said County, directed his Precept to the Mayor and Portreeve, and refused, on having the Fasts herein before-mentioned Hated to him, to strike out the Words Mayor " and" in the said Precept; and although the Mayor of the said Borough did not interfere in the Elect/on,

not

2$o 6° Martit.A. 1783,

nor claim a Right of being Presiding and Returning Officer jointly with the Portreeve, yet the- Petitioners apprehend, that such illegal Conduct of the said Undersheriff may in Time create a Precedent in Prejudice of the Petitioners Rights, and of the Constitution of the said Borough, and tend to create Disputes and Dillurbances therein: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Arkwright’* A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Machine. Town and Neighbourhood of , in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners learn, that Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Cotton Manufacturer, hath presented a Petition to the House, for an Act to extend the Term of a Patent granted to him in the Year 1769, for the exclusive Use of certain Machines for converting Cotton into Yarn, or what is commonly called Cotton Twill; and repre-fenting to the House, that the Petitioners, and the Manufacturers, in the Cotton Trade in general, would be highly oppressed by an Extension of the Term of the said Patent: And therefore praying, That a Bill may riot pals according to the Prayer of the said Richard Arkwright'i Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bridewell The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, Boundaries, according, to Order, a Bill to ascertain and establish die Boundaries of and between the Hospital of -zveO, and the Precinct thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Black Fryai's, in the City of London, as therein ibecjfied: Ana the same was received, and road the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Donningtoa The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heath facto- for inclosing DunningtonHeath, within the Manor of /hre. Priors Salford, in the County of without

anyAmendment: And also.

Dyed Way The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First 1 ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the ' Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of " Water called Ford, to Cart gate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset;" without anyAmendment: And also,

Italian The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Thrown Silk. Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

Marine The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Forces. Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

Laflage and The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Bailaftage in for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regu-the Thames, of Laftage and Ballaliage in the River Thames;

without any Amendment: And also,

Barnard The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act

Castle Inclo- for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields within the lure. Township of Barnard , in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and preserving cer- Hatfield tain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Drainage. Lincoln, and Nottingham;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Importation Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, of Rice> *c-Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stafford to for continuing and amending an Act of the Third Year Sandon Road. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Coals used in mittee to whom the Petition of John Derives, Esquire, Anglesey on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, lnes* and Lessees, of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, is referred.

A Petition of the Freeholders and other principal Representa-Inhabitants of the County of Cornwall, whose Names j!on m Par"

1 1 J r 1 1 ¥ v / liament.

are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of the Constitution of this Country', moil ardently wiih to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles upon which it was founded; and that it-is necessary to the Welfare of the People that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in general, but more particularly of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said County, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil, as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing an Act made in the WhitehUr* last Session of Parliament, for compelling John - Forfeiture. hill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill,

Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John.

his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act, and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Exchequer railing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer, s’

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Mr.

Ireland — Legislative Kights of Parliament.

ttepresenta-t:on in Parliament.

Cirencester

Pioad.

23 Geo. Ill 6° Martii. 281

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee. Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Town of Tctbury, to a Gate in the same County near

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had the Monument upon; and also a Road from

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Oldfield, otherwise JVoefield Comer, near the Sixteenth thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when Mile Stone in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of the House will please to receive the same. Cold Ashton and Szcansreick, to or near in

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath: And Morning. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Neville, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland in Matters of Legislation and Judicature, and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom o Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Excellency of that Con-ltitution under which they have the Happiness to live, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the true Principles on which it is founded; and that, by Length of Time and other Circumstances, the llepresentation of the Commons of Great Britain is become greatly unequal, and in consequence the House of Commons does not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most . serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil, as to the House may i’eem meet.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Salt Merchants, and others. Inhabitants of Lyming in the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the State of Representution in that Borough has been for many Years, as the Petitioners apprehend, extremely inadequate and imperfect, being restricted to the Mayor and a small Number of Burgestes; and that the Number of legal Resident Electors in the said Town at present docs not amount (according to the heft Information the Petitioners can procure from the Senior Resident Burgess) to more than Six; and that the Petitioners being thus deprived, as they conceive, of their natural and constitutional Right, the Right of voting for Representatives in Parliament, find themselves constrained to implore the Interposition of the House, and to solicit such Relief in the Premises as to their Wisdom shall l’ecm meet and expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for completing and keeping in 1Vol. 39

The House was moved. That His Majesty s Most Address — Gracious Message to this House, of the 2d Day of J^Iay, Granting in the last Session of Parliament, might be read. Pensions.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 6th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message into Consideration, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ’ " An Act " for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt " contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for " preventing the same from being in Arrear for the " future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out " of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now " paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty,

That whereas His Majesty has from His paternal Regard to the Welfare of His People, and His Delire to avoid imposing any new Burthen upon the Public, been graciously pleased to suppress the several Offices mentioned in His Majesty’s Message to this House, in the last Session of Parliament, and has likewise given His Royal Afient to an Act for carrying the said Most Gracious Design into full Execution; and for regulating the granting of Pensions, and preventing all.

Abuses or Ex.-cl's therein: This House trulls, that the same Occonomical Moderation will be adhered to in respect to any Pension His Majesty may be advised to grant, antecedent to the 5th Day of as by the said Act is thenceforth strictly and absolutely prescribed;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Oeconomical Moderation " and inserting the Word " Restrictions;" by leaving out the Words " adhered to" and inserting the Word " obstrved by leaving out the Word " grant" and inserting the Words " order to " be granted and by leaving out the Word " is" and inserting the Word " are" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Oeconomical Moderation " stand Part of the Question;

It palfod in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Restrictions " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " ad*

" hered to " stand Part of the Question;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word observed " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

And the Question being put, That the Word " grant" stand Part of the Question;

4 C It

a8i 6° — 70 M. 1782.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " order *l to be granted " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " is " stand Part of the Question;

It pafi'ed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " are be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty, that whereas His Majesty has, from His paternal Regard to the Welfare of His People, and His Desire to avoid impoGng any new Burthen upon the Public, been graciously pleased to suppress the several Offices mentioned in His Majesty’s Message to this House in the last Session of Parliament, and has likewise given His Royal Assent to an Act for carrying the said Most Gracious Designinto full Execution; and, for regulating the granting of Pensions, and preventing all Abuses or Excels therein: This House trusts, that the same Restrictions will be observed in respect to any Pension His Majesty may be advised to order to be granted, antecedent to the 5th Day of April, as by the said Act are thenceforth strictly and absolutely prescribed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty 6 Most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, Martii

Anno 23° Georgii IIP11 Re^is, 1783.

Prayers.

Lawton, &c. A ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging Roads. ’ jljL the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under , in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Pow ers of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nfwcastle An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act passed in the umler Lyme Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Inclosure. intituled, "An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece " of Waste Land called The Marsh, within the Parish " and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County " of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of '* the Poors Rates of the said Parish and Borough was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of

" Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford,

" and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors " Rates of the said Parish and Borough."

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Stanford Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Inclosure.

Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Baks; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Ewer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Burton Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Hailing*

Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Inclosure-

ings, in the County of Warwick; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Seymour Conway, Sir Thomas Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading Wetherby, from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County &c. Roads,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mellish,

Mr. Duncombe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Birmingham and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Newark upon Canal.

Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Staff ford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said County of Stafford; and also, of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birming Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and Setting forth, That it appears by Surveys and Levels taken, that the Rivers Trent and Tame may, at an easy Expence, be made navigable from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the Town of Tamworth, and from thence to or near Fishers Mills, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Warwick; and also, that the River Anker may be made navigable from the said Town of Tamworth, at its Junction with the River Tame, to or near Filand Bridge, in the County of Warwick, and that a Cut or Canal may be conveniently made from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal already completed to Atherstone; and also that a Communication may be conveniently made from the River Trent to the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, at or near Wichnover, in the County of Stafford; and Alledgiqg, that the making the said Rivers navigable with the aforesaid Cuts or Canals, will be

done

Goswell street, &c.

Road

Supply Bill Exchequer Lilli.

Kingston upon Hull GaoL

23 Geo. III. 7° Martii. 283

done at much less Expence than extending the said Canal regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances from Ftshei''s Mills to Fazeley, as intended by the said within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts Bills, and completing the Coventry Canal from Athcrstone thereof; for explaining an A fit, made in the Fourteenth to Fradley Heath, the Place of its intended Junfition Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making with the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey;and and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston

that it w ill also be attended with a Saving to the Public of upon Hulland for other Purposes; was read a Second a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, which Time.

would be taken and used for the said Canals, and every ResThat the Bill be committed to Mr.

Communication intended by the said Bills will be effefited; force, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this

and that if the said Bills, or either of them, should pass Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

into a Law in their present Form, the Petitioners and Chamber.

the Public at large will be greatly injured: And

therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them- Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Ireland —

selves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for removing and

Parts of the said Bills, or either of them, as may affeQ: preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, parliament,

the Interest of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and

may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judi-

meet. cature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navi- Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain, be gation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal now read.

from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of West- And the said Order being read accordingly; bromzvich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six The laid Bill was read the Third Time,

small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or Title be. An Act for removing and preventing all near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tanrnorth, the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature;

Town of Birmingham, is committed: And that the and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal,

Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of fit. His Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the said Com- tain. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Ordered, That Mr. William Grenville do

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Con-Petition. currence.

Mr. Thomas Scott presented to the House, accord- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Whitchurch ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ "rit* Powers of an Afit, made in the First Year of the for the defiling of a Burgess to serve in this present Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the " for making, widening, and repairing a Road from County of Southampton, in the room of the Right " the North Eall Side of the Gosuell Street Road, honourable Thomas now Baron Sydney, of

" next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near Chislehin the County of Kent, called up to the " to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields House of Peers.

" and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The

" Doghouse Bar, and at and from The Doghouse Bar A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Turkey " to the End of Chisxeell Street, by the Artillery chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being Company.

" GroundAnd the same was received; and reed the offered to be presented to the House;

First Time. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Ma-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. jesty’3 Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill House.

for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Setting forth, That the Trade between this King-thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was com- dom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been mitted; the Amendments which the Committee had carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by made to the Bill, and which they had direfited him to Charters, and regulated by Afils of Parliament; and report to the House; and he read the Report in his that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety,

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the and to protefit His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Dominions, it has been found necessary that an Am-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a baffador should be sent from England to reside at Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Constantinople, and that Cohfuls, Vice Consuls, and severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the other Officers and Servants, should be established in House. the other Parts of Turkey where British Subjefits rc-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be side, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, ingrafted. the whole Expence w hereof has been borne by the

Turkey Company, which, together with many other A Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and necessary Expences incident to- the carrying on ot County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull;for pur- this Trade, has, of late Years, amounted to about chafing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of Nine thousand Pounds per Annum; and that the the Parish of The Holy Trinity in the said Town, and Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is for raising Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance Vo L. 39. granted

Supply.

bounties on Linens exported.

Answer to

Addrt’is.

Ways and Jtlcans.

Trade with America.

Trade with Sr. C'hnfto-pher's, kc.

284 70 — 10° Martiu A. 1783,

granted to the Petitioners in the last Session of Parliament enabled them to support their Expences for the past Year, but the Petitioners are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not, in the present Situation of the Trade, declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate for the Year 1783, Ordnance, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed until after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, and of Callicoes or Cottons mixed with Linen.

dom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those I (lands, secured in Ware-houses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into'any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10* die Martii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1783.

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That His Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House of Yesterday, which His Majesty had received very graciously; and that His Majesty had been pleased to say, That He will take Care that the Withes of His faithful Commons shall be complied with.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itlelve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe, in Neutral Ships, into the Islands of Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Blands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this King-

Prayers.

A BILL to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench St. George’s Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families (Southwark) or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint Panftl’ George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poors Rates, within the said Parish; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hotham, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Bilston Navi-Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and gation. maintaining a navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bitston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise TibhWcdnesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tin the said County of Stafford;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Initant March.

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, ac- Forehoa

cording to Order, a Bill for rendering effectual an Poor-Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forchoc, in

the

23 Geo. III. io0 Martii. 285;

the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wrap presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting 0 the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the Just Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rtpresenta- A Petition of the Inhabitants of Scarborough, in the bauient! ar" County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation, and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Scnfe of the People; and that the Inequality of the present State of Representation, though derived from a Variety of concurrent Causes, is in no Instance more grievous than in that of the Privileges of Election exercised in great Towns by a very small Proportion of the Inhabitants, to the Exclusion of the rest, who, content as they might be without the peculiar Privileges annexed to Corporations, cannot, at the same 'lime, without Regret, feci themselves destitute of the first of Couftitutional Rights, a Share in the Election of those who are chose to represent them; and Alledging, that the Two Representatives for Scarborough are elected by a Corporation consisting, when full, of Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, Four Chartiber-

1 Jains, and Thirty-six Capital Burgesses, the Vacancies

being supplied by Election out of the Freemen at large, by Twelve of the Corporate Body only; and that by the . Operation of the Bill, passed in the fall Session of Parliament, for disqualifying certain Officers of the Revenue I from voting at Elections, the present Electors for Scar-

borough do not exceed Thirty-five, but the Inhabitants thereof amount to about Eight Thousand, of whom about Seven Hundred are regularly assessed to the Pa-Tiffi Rates: To the Wifdoni and Justice of the House the Petitioners therefore respectfully apply, praying that their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted on the Premises as shall appear most conducive to the general Welfare of the Community, and best adapted to the particular State and Circumstances of the Town of Scarborough, agreeable to the Consti-

C? ' O

tutional Principles of Representation.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; Praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil as to the House

a o

may It em meet.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Nottingham, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That from whatever Causes the inadequate and disproprotionate Representation of the Commons of this Realm may have arisen, it is an Evil of a very high Magnitude, which has not been less injurious to the past, than it is dangerous to the future Interests of this Country, and which, the Petitioners trust, it will not be thought unworthy the Wifdoni and Virtue of the House to reform; to this Wifclom and Virtue the Petitioners respectfully confide the Reform; but it is their earnelt Petition that no Delay may be admitted in taking this Grievance into the serious Consideration of the House; at the same Time the Petitioners submit Vo l. S9.

to the Judgment of the House the present State of the Duration of Parliament, trusting that the House will provide such a Redress as may diffuse a general Satil-faClion, restore the Purity of the House as the true Re: presentative of the People, and do away every Suspicion which weakens their Confidence in the united Legislature of the Nation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

A Petition of the Merchants of was pre- Arkwright’s

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that Richard Arkwright, Esquire, aL Ine* of Croniford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, has made Application to the House for an Extension of his Patent for the exclusive Right of manufacturing Cotton into Yarn; and that the Petitioners have every Reason to believe the said Richard Arkwright has enjoyed his present Patent to his own great Emolument, and they presume that a Patentee being amply rewarded for his Genius and Invention, the Public are afterwards fully entitled to its Utility, and the more extended the more Benefit will be derived: And therefore praying; That the Extension of the said Patent may riot take Place. *

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Towri and Neighbourhood of Bolton, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and letting forth, That the Extension of such a Patent will be highly injurious to the Manufactory of Cotton, and consequently to the general Commerce of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Patent may not be extended.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Exchequer One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the feill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills j for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Shrewsbury Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrews- Small Debts. bury, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Markfield, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &c. Road, thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the Town of iVhiiwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane,

to where the Road leading from the Town of

4 D borough

Copper Coin.

286

tef Martii. 1783.

borough to the Town of Ashby la , in the said County, conies in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees 1'or putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from MarkfeldTurnpike, in the County of

Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charmvood through the Town of Whitxcick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the last mentioned Petition (no Evidence being offered in Support of the fiiff-mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

lowed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appears that the Term thereof is expired: And

Mr. Caleb Lozcdhambeing exutnined, said, That the Trustees, at the Time of presenting the said first-mentioned Petition, apprehended the said Act was in force, arid had Conti nuance to the End of the next Session of Parliament, by virtue of some of the general Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, but have since discovered that the same do not extend thereto.

That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, in the doing of which, a Debt of 7G1 /. 10s. 4 d.has been incurred, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the said Act is revived, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereby given enlarged, and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the ltoud from Mark field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwil'c Forest,

through the Town of JVhiland from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de let Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, and the several Powers thereby granted; and that Mr. Pochin, Mr. Darker, Mr. IlungerJ'ord, and Mr. Booth Grey, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, considering the great Mil’chief that arises from counterfeiting the Copper Coin of the Realm, and feeling themselves sensibly afftfted by the great Quantity in Circulation in the said Borough, request the House to turn their Attention to the Redress of so great and public a Grievance; and that the present Laws to prevent the making and circulating bale Copper Coin, have l>een proved, by Experience, to be quite inadequate to the Purposes for which they were deligned: And therefore praying, That some effectual Measure may be adopted, to flop the Progress of an Evil, attended with very alarming Circumstances to die trading Part of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Leachla* Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain- Can.l. ing a Navigable Canal, from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Lcachtade, to join and communicate with the

Slroudwater Canal, at JVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester,

all in the County of Gloucester, is committed.

A Bill to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of Bridewell and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct Hospital thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Black Boun‘JanfS-Fryars, in the City of London, as therein specified, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

04 Sinclair,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other WildenFeirj Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon whole to Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the rous1’ House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners 8‘it,u11’ observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Gains-

borough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced of the Necessity of such Improvement, the present State of that River being a great Impediment to the Trade and Commerce carried on, by means thereof, between the interior Parts of the Kingdom and the Port of Hull; and that the Petitioners are informed the Depth of Water meant to be procured by the said intended Improvement is to be only 18 Inches, whereas they are clearly of Opinion, that a less Depth than 24 Inches will be very inadequate to the Occasions of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Canals and navigable Rivers communicating with the Trent:And therefore praying,

That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as limit the Depth of Water in the said Navigation as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby

and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Cirencester: Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in Road, the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the same County near the Monument upon Lansdawn; and also a Road from Oldfield, otherwise JVoefeld Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Suanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVII-liarnGuise, Mr. Blackwell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bounties on Linens exported.

Cnrie ton’s Dispatches.

Supply

Cat water

Harbour.

Ways and Means.

Trade with St. Cfirifto-ph^r a, &c.

23 Geo. III.

Sinclair, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, io the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, and of Callicoes or Cottons mixed with Linen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Copies of the last Dispatches from Sir Guy to His Majesty's Ministers, be laid before this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Report made by the Master Attendant of His Majesty’s Yard at Plymouth, dated 7th April 1767, respecting the Harbour of Cutwater, in the Port of Plymouth.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in neutral Ships, into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Vol.39.

287

Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Grow th of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of llis Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker-resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Alart is, 11* die Alartii;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Penruddock presented to the House, according Alton Priors to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Inclosure. Severalty, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the District; or Tything of Alton Priors, Part and Parcel of the Parish and Manor of Alton Priors and West Storwell, in the county of:

And the same was received; and read the Firlit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Bounty to Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Garnfon authorizing the Treasurer and Commissioners of the ot lbrallar-Navy, to pay to the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Battering Ships of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is, by Two Acts of the 19th and 20th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Customs, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- Scotland, tended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An

io° — 11° Martii.

Trade with St. Chritto-pher’s, &c.

Bounties on Linen* exported.

288 ii° Mar . 1783.

An Account of all Fees and Perquisites, acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Grol's Produce of the Employment, together with their respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment Annually', on an Average of the Years

1772, 1773, and 1774, info far as respects the Office of Comptroller General of the Customs in Scotland: And also,

An Account of all Fees and Perquisites, acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so a9 to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together with their respective Payments for Taxes, and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1772,

1773, and 1774, in so far as respects the Office of the Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland: And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from and imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1778 to Christmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and each Place: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Logwood imported into Scotland, between the lft of January 1763 and the ill of January 1777; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in neutral Ships, into the lllands of Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, and the

Grenadines, and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said lllands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those lllands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, and of Callicoes or Cottons mixed with Linen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow' Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, to fell their Tuxes

of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon Account of those Levels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Philip Yorhe, Sir Charles Gould, tkc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, of Airly, Esquire: And the same was received; anti read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the lift Dispatches from Sir Gay Carlelon to be laid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{wle ~or^ S^ezchacen, 1 a>

[Mr. liosewarne: J

Tellers for the Noes,{ {£; PcV‘am- } 80.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia for the Year 1783.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr. Secretary at War, §c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton otherwise Tibbinglon, and

bronncich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazelcy, in the Parish of Tann in the said County of Stafford', and also of the Bill to enable the Proprie-

tors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westb to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the lame, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazelcy, in the Parish

of Tanncorth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part

of the said Town of Birmingham; and Setting forth, That it appears by Surveys and Levels taken, that the Rivers Trent and Tame may, at an easy Expence, be made navigable from the Town of Burton upon Trent, to the Town of Tanncorth, and from thence to or near Fishers Milts, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of Warwick, and also, that the River Anker may be made navigable

from

Bedford Level Lund Debt*.

Ogi Ivy's Auaindef-

Carleton’*

Dii’patches.

Militia Pay and Clothing,

Birmingham,

Canal.

Supply,

23 Geo. III. 11° — 120 289

from the said Town of Tanruor/k, at its Junction with the River Tame, to or near , in the County of JVaraick, and that a Cut or Canal may be conveniently made from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal already completed to Atherstone, and also, that a Communication may be conveniently made from the River Trent to the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, at or near in

the County of Stafford-, and Alledging, that the mak-

ing the said Rivers navigable with the aforesaid Cuts or Canals, will be done at much less Expence than extending the said Canal from Mills to Fuze-

ley, as intended by the said Bills, and completing the Coventry CanftI from Atherstone to Fradtey the

Place of its intended Junction with the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and that it will also be attended with a Saving to the Public of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, which would be taken and used for the said Canals, and every Communication intended by the said Bills will be effected; and that if the said Bills, or either of them, should pass into a Law in their present form, the Petitioners and the Public at large will be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-lelves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Parts of the said Bills, or either of them, as may afteft the Interest of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider's , in the Parish of Westbromwieh, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Taniaorth, with a Collateral Branch to the

lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Thirty thousand Six hundred and Twelve Pounds, Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Nineteen thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds, Two Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be re-committed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Vol. 39.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade with whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the America. pi;ovisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Williams’s dissolve the Marriage of John Willi of the City of Divorce. Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Reybaz’s.&c. naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander; Nat.

to which the I^ords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Toumeifen’s naturalizing John James Tourneisen; to which the Lords Nat. desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. ttolle have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Williams’s to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of the Divorce. City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Martii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

P it A Y e r s.

R. Alderman Harley reported from the Com- Dying Trade, mittee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

4 E One,

﻿290 i 20 Martii. 1783.

One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bounty to the An ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Treasurer and

(^brdtar^ C^ommi flioners of the Navy, to pay to the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Marine Department at the Port of Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Battering Ships of War, and taking a Spanish Ship of War, as is by Two Acts, of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships

of War belonging to the Enemy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board of any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mtrcers The House being informed that Mr. Clerk

Company. of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the loth of October 1781 to the " 10th of October 1782, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the Twenty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the " Mystery of Mercers of the City of London and " the other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of IIis present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of " the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mcrcers of the City of London." .

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Kingston A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town upon Hull or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, and of the Gentle-J0 men, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Town and County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for other Purposes; and representing to the House, that certain Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places in the said Town, are very narrow, confined, dangerous, and incommodious both for Carriages and Foot Passengers; and that the Rates or Prices for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize in the said Town are uncertain, and such Rates or Prices, as well as the Behaviour of the Persons who are employed in the Carriage of Goods, require Regulation: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening, opening, enlarging, and rendering the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, more fate and commodious, and for regulating the Rates and Prices of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize (except such Rates the Settlement whereof is veiled

in the Dock Company in the said Town) and the Behaviour of Persons employed in the Carriage of such Goods and Merchandize in the said Town, in such Manner, and under such Powers, as to the House shall feeui meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hartley, Mr. Wilber-force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of TiaHe with Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, p ers’ c‘ Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Christopher, Nervis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vin-

cent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Y'ear of His Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Grow th of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Represenu-holders, of the County of Flint, was presented to tion in Par-the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- hument. tioners, in virtue of their Right, do petition the House in a Matter which equally concerns their own Justice and Honour, and the Rights and Liberties of their Fellow Subjects and the Petitioners recommend to them, with the most respectful and furious Intreaties, to enquire how much their own Body has departed from the Purity and Usefulness of its first Institution, and with how little Propriety it can be at present considered as the fair Representation of the People of England; and that the Petitioners offer these Considerations, not merely as Things which are evidently wrong in Speculation, but as the Sources of that public Corruption which has brought on all the Evils under which we labour, and which has lb 06 deeply

Representation in Parliament

Bomties on Lmens exported.

Array Paymasters Balances.

2 3 Geo. III. 12° Martii. ao i

deeply affected the Morals, the Power, and the Prof-perity of the Nation: Under such Circumstances, the Petitioners think the Methods of Cure are as evident and as obvious as the Nature of the Disease, and rely on the Wisdom of the House for the Choice of the best, and on their Justice for the Success of this Petition.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of was allb presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, thoroughly sensible to how little Purpose it will be towards the great and important Purpose of correcting the Legislature, that Improvements, such as the Kingdom now universally pray for, and such as the Petitioners are gratefully fenlible have in the last Sessions successfully originated in this Honourable House, should take place in relation to one House of Parliament only; and the Petitioners, equally convinced of the Reasonablencls, the Truth, and the Weight of that Language which the Wisdom of this House has in a former Session held forth to the Nation at large, " That the Power of the Crown " has increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished," most humbly hope, that their Zeal for their own and for the Public Good will not be deemed presumptuous, when they take the Liberty of suggesting, for the Consideration of the House, how far it may not, in an essential Degree, contribute to the laudable End of working a more extensive Legislative Independence, to introduce a Dili or Bills, for reitraining the Translation of the Lords Spiritual in the other House of Parliament from the Sees to which they have or shall have been originally cholcn, thereby at once to give the most unquestionable Senatorial Independence to that Reverend and Couftitutional Body, and to administer the strongest of all Inducements, to a conscientious and punctual Discharge of the faered Trusts reposed in them in their respective Diocclcs, to the Honour and Glory of God, to the Salvation of Souls, and towards furnishing the most essential Assistance, both by Precept and Example, to the labours of the Civil Magistrate, for the better Prevention of those Evils which are daily becoming more and more prevalent in this distracted Kingdom and licentious Age: And these Matters are, with all Humility, submitted to the most serious Consideration of this House, and such Relief prayed for therein as to the House shall feetn meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, and of Callicoes or Cottons mixed with Linen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hughton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was 'called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances of the Right honour-Yo l. 39-

able Edmund But'ke, fete Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the lft of June 1782 to the .5th of March following; distinguishing the Times of the several Requisitions to the Treal’ury for Money.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heytesbury for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Inc, ofure-Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Harding’s enable Richard Newman Harding, Esquire, and his First Name, and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard Newman, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Piffard’s Nat. naturalizing David Piffard; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harding's to enable Richard Newman Harding, Esquire, and his Name.

First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard Newman, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to East India whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants Affairs, of England trading to The East Indies, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Charter for incorporating the East India Company, and the Acts of the Ninth and Tenth of William the Third, and the First and Sixth of Queen Anne, were read; under the Authority whereof the Company have established Settlements and Factories for Trade in The East Indies.

It appeared to your Committee, That in the Year 1745, there being at that Time a French War, a Squadron of English Men of War were sent to The East Indies, to annoy the French; which alarmed the Nabob of Arcot, who forbid Hostilities on both Sides within his Dominions; but nevertheless, the French afterwards captured the Settlement of Madras, whereby the Company sustained great Lois.

It also appeared, That the said Settlement was restored at the Peace of Air la Chapelle, in 1749; yet that Hostilities were continued by the French upon the Coast of Coromandel, under Pretence of Assisting their Allies; by means whereof the East India Company were drawn into great Disbursements of Wars, which continued till the Year 1765; during which Time the Company’s

Expences

Fa ft India Affairs*

12° Martii. 1783.

Expences were much increased, by means of another European War; amongst which Expences there are now Three several Debts due to the Company; one of 200,687/. 85. 5 d.for the Maintenance of French Prisoners; another of 21,448/. 9 s. for Hospital Expences for His Majesty’s Troops; and the other of 139,877/. 13s. (d. for Expences concerning Manilla, taken from the Spaniards subsequent to the Time of its being delivered up to the Company’s Servants; which Expedition was undertaken in consequence of a Requisition from his late Majesty, by a Letter wrote to the Secret Committee of the Company by the Earl of then

One of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, bearing Date the 23d of January 1762, whereby the said Earl wrote, " But as it is by no Means his Majesty’s " Intention that the East India Company shall, upon " this Occasion, incur a certain Expence, without any " View to a proper and just Compensation, I am to " acquaint you, by the King’s Orders, that the Train " and Stores, which the Company shall furnish for this " Service shall be made good; and that, in case this " Conquest should be restored by a Treaty of Peace " before the Company shall have received Advantages " therefrom adequate to their Expences in this Expedition, " his Majesty will take the same into his Royal Consideration, and recommend to Parliament such reasonable " Compensation as the same shall, in his Wisdom, appear to deserve."

It also appeared, That in 1756, the Settlement of Fort William, in Bengal, was taken by Surajah -,

and that Iioftilitics were carried on in that Country, with little Intermission, from that Time till the Year 1765, w hen the Duannee of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and the Five Northern Circars, were granted to the Company.

Then Mr. Samuel Nicoll, the Accomptant to the Company, being examined, said, That the Expences sustained by the Company from their Trading Slock in England, on account of the Hostilities in India, which ended in the Ct ffion of the Territories before-mentioned, from March 17.51, to March 1766, amounted to the Sum of 5,069,684/.

It also appeared to your Committee, That His Majesty's Minil'ters, on Behalf of the Public, having laid Claim to the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, or to a Participation in the Profits thereof, an Agreement was made between the Public and the Company for paying 400,000l. a Year to Government for Two Years; and the like Agreement was afterwards continued for Five Years longer.

It also appeared, That the Company, pursuant to the said Agreements, paid sundry Sums into His Majesty's Exchequer, amounting to 2,169,398/. 18$. 2 in Satisfaction of the said Annual Payment of 400,000 /. from the ift of February 1767 to the 5th of July 1772, when the Payment ceal'cd — That by means of these Payments, the Company incurred Debts in England to a large Amount, and were relieved from their Distress by a Loan of 1,400,000l. made by the Public, as mentioned in the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-four; which Loan was afterwards repaid with Interest — That, upon an Average of Fifteen Years immediately preceding the Acquisition of the Duannee, the Duties of Customs and Excise paid on East India Goods, amounted to no more than 14,940,659/.; but in the Fifteen Years immediately succeeding, the same amounted to 19,889,673/. It appeared in both Inl'tances, that the Amount of Customs was from actual Payments, and the Excise was from Estimate.

It also appeared, That the Company have received and realized in England from the Territories and Revenues in India, no more than the Sum of 3,622,969/. from which deducting the said Sum of 2,169,398/. 18#. 2 id.paid to Government, as before mentioned, the

Sum remaining for the Company amounted to no more tham the Sum of 1,453,570/. 1 which was ap-

propriated in the Reduction of the Company’s Bond Debt; and the said Sum of 1,453,570/. 1 being

deducted from the said Sum of 5,069,684/. leaves the Company in Dilburle, upon account of the Wars by which the Territories were acquired, to the Amount of 3,616,113/. 18s. 2 Id.besides Interest.

It also appears, That, in the Year 1781 His Majesty’s Minil'ters claimed the Sum of 634,645/. as Three-Fourth Parts of the net Profits made by the Company, after the Reduction of their Bond Debt; and that such Claim was refifted by the Company; and they afterwards agreed to pay the Sum of 400,000l. in lieu of past Profits; and also made an Agreement for the Division of the Company’s Surplus Profits in future, in such Manner as is mentioned in an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

It also appeared, That the Company have paid 300,000l. in Part of the said 400,000l.; but have not been able to pay the remaining 100,000l.; which the Lords of the Treasury have hitherto forborne to demand — That there is qllb due from the Company to the Public for Customs 396,466 /. which the Company have not been able to pay; but such Payment, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, itands poltponed to the lit Day of April 1783 — That the Company have also been obliged to postpone the Payment of many other Commercial Debts, such as I'reight of Ships, Supercargoes Commissions, and sundry Payments in the Department of the Committee of Shipping.

It also appeared to jrnur Committee, That the Expences of His Majesty’s Troops and Ships lent to were at all Times, before the Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, borne by Government; and that for Six Years, from 1757 to 1763, there was allowed and paid by Government to the Company 20,000l. a Year, in lieu of Troops w ithdrawn from India.

Then Mr. John Ann is, the Company’s Auditor of Indian Accounts, being examined, said, That the Company’s Debts Abroad, by the last Accounts received, amounted to 3,773,724/.; viz.

At Bengal, made up to 28th February 1782 -

At Fort Saint George, made up to 28th October 1781 At Bombay, made up to 17th May 1781....

2,263,616 ‘ 449,011 1,061,007

«£ 3,773,724

It also appeared, That the Company’s English Bond Debt in Part arose from their Military Expences in India; and that those Expences, during the Wars, prevented the Company from discharging the Whole of their Bond Debt out of their ordinary Profits.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the Sum which will be wanted to enable the Company to carry on their Affairs only to the 1 It of March 1784, upon the most correct Calculation that can be made, allowing for the safe Arrival of all the expected Ships within that Period, will be about 900,000l. without paying the said 100,000 /. remaining due to Government; but no Calculation can at present be made beyond that Period.

Mr. Richard Cole, principal Clerk in the Company’s Freight Office, being examined, said, That the Freight paid by the Company in Time of Peace, was 22/. \ os. per Ton; but the Freight now paid, being agreed for in the late War, is 47/. 4 Ton; and computing such Freight upon Twenty-five Ships per Annum, at Seven hundred and Fifty-eight Tons upon

each

23 Geo. III. i 2° .

each Ship, the Company’s Freight in Time of War amounts to 477,955 /. more than in Time of Peace; and that, besides the Freight, the Company’s Ships are kept much longer upon Demurrage in Time of War than in Peace.

Mr. Nicoll being then further examined, said, That the September Sale is always the largest; and that the Company, in the ordinary Course of their Affairs in Time of Peace, when their Sales are regular, are generally obliged to borrow Money of the Bank, to the Amount of about 3 or 400,000l. which they are enabled to repay out of the Money afterwards received from their September Sales; and on this Account it is inconvenient, and must always distress the Company to pay the Share of Profits belonging to the Public on the tit Day of May, as directed by the Act of the 21st of His present Majesty.

In respect to the Inability of the Company to pay the Military and Naval Expences of His Majesty’s Troops and Ships in India, it appeared to your Committee, That the Company are not only indebted in India to such large Amount as hereinbefore is mentioned, but that their Exfiences in India are lb enormous, that they have not been able to make any Investment for,

without borrowing Money for that Purpose; and that a Scheme has been formed of fending Home an Investment, with Monies raised by Subscription amongst the Company’s Servants.

It also appeared to your Committee, That a Dispute hath arilen between the Company and the Commissioners of the Navy refjiecting the victualling the King’s Ships in India; the Commissioners insisting that the Company are not only to supply such Victualling as The East Indies produce, but are allb to send out Victualling from England, although no Provision is made for that Purpose in the Act of Parliament, as is done respecting Naval Stores — That Opinions of Counsel have been taken, in which they differ.

It further appears to your Committee, That the Naval and Military Ordnance and Victualling Stores sent to India this Year, on the Requisition of Government, amounts to between Four and Five thousand Tons; and that the same being more than the Company’s ordinary Trading Ships could carry, the Company hath purchased One Ship l'olely for the Purpose of carrying Malls and other Stores; and have sent out Five other Ships more than would otherwise hare been taken up.

The Clause in the Company’s Charter respecting the Annual Supply of Five hundred Tons of Salt Petre at the Prime Colt, including Freight and Charges; and allb, the Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, Cap. 12, whereby, inllead of paying for such Salt Petre at Prime Coll and Charges, the Payment in future was to be made at the Rate of 45 I.per Ton in Time of Peace, and 53 /. per Ton in Time of War, were read: And

Mr. Nicoll being further examined, said. That the Company for many Years past have sustained a Loss of 20/. per Ton on all the Salt Petre supplied to Government; for that the Prime Cost and Charges thereof have amounted to 73/. per Ton, and upwards; and the Company will continue to sustain that Lois as the Law now stands. — He also said. That there is a Debt of 80,008/. 153 d.now remaining due to the Company for Salt Petre from the Office of Ordnance, for a Part of what hath been supplied to Government beyond Five hundred Tons a Year, which the Company have charged at the same Price as Salt Petre was fold for at their Sales at the Time of the Delivery of the said Salt Petre to Government; and gave Notice to the Board of Ordnance, that they should so charge the fame; and that an Account thereof was delivered to the Board of Ordnance, and, as he underliood, was not objected to Vol. 39.

Your Committee having referred to the Ordnance Estimate presented to the House in the last Session, and to the Vote of Supply thereupon, find, that in the Sum voted for the Ordnance Service 241,565/. 8 s. 1 d. is included; and is in the Estimate expressed to be to pay the East India Company for Three thousand One hundred Tons of Salt Petre, delivered by them in Advance, over and above the Quantity of Five hundred Tons they are obliged by their Charter to furnish Annually.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. ‘

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Army — resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Paymarter the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last General’s Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better 0 ce’

" Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of " His Majesty’s Forces

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Sevennight, the 21st Day of tins Instant March.

Ordered, That Arthur Piggott, Esquire, One of tike Commissioners for examining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade with whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the America. Provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 F

294

13® Mar Hi.

A. 1783.

foots, 13* die Martii

Anno 23* Georgii III,a Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Dying Trade. A N ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual the l\. Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 3. To leave out " or" and after " Workhouse" to insert " Tenter Ground, " or Drying Place, or other Place as " aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Road

Goswell A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Street, &c. made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and " repairing, a Road from the North East Side of the " Goswell Street Road, next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New " Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street " Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from The Doghouse Bar to the End of Street,

" by the Artillery Ground," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Church Mr. Boughton Rouse presented to the House, accord-

Lench Inclo- ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open uie‘ and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land,

within the Parish of Church in the County of

Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Iteyta^’r, Ac. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act x.it. for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander

Aubert, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tnuriicifen’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing John Janies was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

riilard's N’at. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Piffar was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mutiny and A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Desertion. the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hdufe, upon the said Bill.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported Bounties <m from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Linens c.\-was referred to consider of the Bounties now payable |KM ttd' on the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, and of Callicoes or Cottons mixed with Linen, the Rc-solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be allowed a Bounty for every Yard of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, and for every Yard of British or Irish Linen, and of British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cottons mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, of the Breadth of Twenty-five Inches, or more, which, before the printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be under the Value of Five Pence per Yard, the Sum of One Halfpenny, which shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal,

Gibraltar, or The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be allowed a Bounty for every Yard of the like Manufactures, which, before the printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be of the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and under the Value of Six Pence per Yard, the Sum of One Penny, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be allowed a Bounty for every Yard of the like Manufactures, which, before the printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be of the Value of Six Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen Pence per Yard, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Henry Hoghton and Mr.

Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Thompson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Ex- Lxdiequer chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Bills‘

Seven hundred and Eighty-three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Duties on amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Tobacco. Reign of King George the Second, intituled, *An Act " for the more effectual securing the Duties uponTobacco;" to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in small Calks for private Use; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cleobury Act for continuing the Term, and altering and err- ^Ion‘mcl) larging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of "c- oa His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair* several Roads leading from Cleobury

Mortimer,

Officers of American Corps.

Whitechnpel Paving, 6cc.

23 Geo. III. 13* Martii. 295

Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Ahberley Hill, in the Counties of and

Worcester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House a List of all the Officers of the lately established American Corps, specifying the Military Commissions they respectively held previous to their having been appointed to those Corps; as likewise Copies of the Stipulations under which- those American Corps were originally formed;

Several Amendments were propol’ed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " lately established," and inlerting after *the Words " American " Corps" the Words " lately put upon the British " Establishment."

And the Question being put, That the Words " lately tftabliffied " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " lately " put upon the British Establishment" be inserted after the Words " American Corps

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That there be laid before this House a List of all the Officers of the American Corps lately put upon the British Establishment, specifying the Military Commissions they respectively held previous to their having been appointed to those Corps; as likewise Copies of the Stipulations under which those American Corps were originally formed.

Mr. Byrig reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Heft or, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Ellis beinst examined, said, That he has been an Inhabitant of Church Lane, in the Parishes of Mary Whitechapel, Saint George, and the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the County of Middlesex, for many Years — That the said Lane is a great public Thoroughfare to several Streets and Places leading from the River Thames, and communicates with the and Essex great Turnpike Roads, and also with chapel High Street — That the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechap have, from Time to Time, laid out and expended large Sums of Money in repairing and amending litch Part of the said Lane as lies within the said Parish; but that the same is at present in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Carriages, many of which are frequently damaged in passing along the said Lane — That there are several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, which are very ill paved, and the Passages through the same greatly obstructed by Posts, Rails, and other Annoyances; and that if the said Lane, and all’o the said Streets, Avenues, and Places, were properly paved, and all Obstructions and Annoyances removed, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame.

Then an Act, nude in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for main- taining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the " County of Middlesex, for cleansing and lighting the Vol. 39.

" Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and " other open Passages and Places, and regulating and " keeping a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the " said Parish as are not within the Liberties of the " Tower of London or City of London; and to enable " the Pariffiioners to raise Money to defray the Expences " of repairing the said Parish Church," was read; whereby it appeared, that Power was given to raise the Sum of 1,200l. for the Purpose of repairing the said Church.

And the Witness further said, That the said Church has very lately been thoroughly repaired, pursuant to an Order of Vestry, the Expence whereof amounts to the Sum of 1,700l. — That a very considerable Rate:has already been made for the Purpose of paying the several Workmen employed in the said Repairs, but that the same is very inadequate for that Purpose; and that the making any further Rate for immediately railing Money for paying the Whole of the aforesaid Expences will be very burthensome and inconvenient to the Petitioners, on account of the other Expences of the said Parish; but that, if Power was given to raise Money for the above Purpose, and for paving and regulating the before-mentioned Lane and Places, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Mr. James Turner, an Inhabitant of the Parish, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ellis, with respect to the bad Condition of Church Lane.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and regulating, lo much of Church Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary,

and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church of the said Parish: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade with whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Pro- America-visional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjefits of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

296

Veneris, 14° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Pea tees.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Gentle*

to Bills. f\ man Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord

President of the Council, the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of , and the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Briand the Duke of berland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three:

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties " upon Tobaccoto prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain, in small Packages; to repeal fuel) Part of the Proviso in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in small Calks for private Ule; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies-, and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time:

An Act for continuing several A fits passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy,

oC

140 Martii. ’ 1783.

Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time:

An Act for continuing an Act, paised in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir Thomas " Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out " of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and for discovering " their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the Level of Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Nottingham:

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty^seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from

Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Wftit stable, in the County of Kent:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bus Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampsted Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Pow’ers of Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so fur as the same relate to the Road between Fenybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paised in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from " Gau'bridge to Thuinhall Fords, and from a Stream " of Water called Ford, to Cart gate, in Martock, in the " County of Somerset

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Tow n of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of and Stafford:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester:

An Act for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Township of Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham:

An Act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of

wick.

An

3 Geo. III. *14 Martii.297

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, end a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of

Wilts:

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick

Ruete:

An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht:

An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Seehl:

An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Remud and John Francis Daniel Retiaud.

L*acMade A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the County and Town of Monmouth, and others. Owners and Proprietors of sundry Founderies, Forges, in that Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc infortned Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the lliver , at or near Leach-

lade, in the County of Gloucester, to or by,

through Sapper ton Hill, and l’o on to or near,

there to communicate with the Stroud Canal Navigation, in the said County of Gloucester, so as to form a Junction between the Rivers Thames and Severn, which the Petitioners conceive, must be of great Benefit to the Landed and Trading Interest of the Kingdom in general, and of the Town and Neighbourhood of Monmouth in particular, by opening a navigable Intercourse between the different Trading and Manufacturing Towns bordering upon those large Rivers, and also between all the great Sea Ports in this Kingdom, which will reduce the Price of Carriage, equalize the Price of Provisions, and in many other Refj>efts be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Adjonmment Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Kingston Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom

Gaolthe Petition of the Mayor and Burgefi'es of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town and County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i3 as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Codd, Junior, being examined, said, That Ibme of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Kingston upon arc very narrow and incommodious, and frocn the great Increase of Trade therein, are become dangerous to Passengers, there not being room sufficient for Carriages to pass each other in many Places — That it would be much for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants and the Public, that the Streets and Ways should be widened where necessary; and that some Regulations should be established relative to the Behaviour of Persons employed in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize in the said 1 own, and to their Fares or Payment, except in such Vol. 39.

Instances as are provided for and settled by the Dock Company.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for railing Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull; and for other Purposes,

is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for widening the Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for regulating the Prices of the Carriage of Goods within the lame, and the Limits or Precincts thereof, and also the Behaviour of Carmen and Porters.

The House was moved, That the Order, mattle Net Produce upon the 20th Day of February last, " That there be of Taxes.

" laid before this House, an Account of the Net " Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January " 1774 to the 5th of January 1783; distinguishing " each Year, and the Produce of each Tax," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before tills House, ah Ditto. Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax.

A Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in the ForehocPoor. Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Abolishing unto subscribed, being Deputies, Officers, and Clerks, certain Offices under the chief Patentees of Offices of the Customs, of the Cut-within the Port of London, was presented to the House, tonis* and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices in the Customs, for gi.ving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Ileversion, and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders, and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers, and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc Deputies and Officers under the Chief Patentees of the said Offices, and have been l’o for many Years past, and, as such, are the Executive Officers, Receivers, and Comptrollers of the Customs, in which Capacities they have, by daily and continual Labour and Attention, executed the Duties and Business of their respective Offices with Integrity, Correctness, and Punctuality, insomuch that, during the whole Time the Petitioners have respectively occupied their said Employments, there has not been a Angle Instance of Complaint; and that the Fees received by the Patent Officers are such as are prescribed by Law, and the Emoluments of their Deputies and Persons employed under them are such as have been immemorially and

4 G uniformly

Shrewsbury Shire Hall, &c.

Ollicers of CultOlllb.

298 14" Martii. A. 1783.

uniformly paid by the Merchants, and from their Nature so very little burthensome, that they are not in any Degree felt by them, the annual Advantage whereof anting to the Petitioners, and other Officers under them, are but just sufficient to maintain themselves and Families; and that, if the said Bill is permitted to pass into a Law, it will be attended with the most extreme Hardship to the Petitioners, and the said other Officers under them, as it will absolutely take from them their Employments, by which they have lived in Credit and Reputation, without making them any Compensation for the fame; and that the Petitioners conceive the Regulations intended to be adopted by the said Bill, will not have the Effect of improving the Revenue, but, on the contrary, will considerably increal’e the Expences to Government, be attended with Inconvenience and Prejudice to Merchants, and Distress and Ruin to Individuals, without any possible Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That the House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard against the fame, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill; or that the House will grant such other Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report wras read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved \That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of the established Officers of the Customs in England, with the Salaries paid to them out of that Revenue: And also,

An Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in England, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together with their respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781: And all'o,

An Account of the Amount of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, acknowledged to have been received by the several Officers of the Customs in England, not being Patentees, on an Average of Three Years,

1779, 1780, and 1781, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the usual Value of their respective Employments: And also,

Copies of the Minutes of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, respecting Complaints against the Deputies of Patent Officers, for Abuse or Neglect of Duty, together with the Proceedings thereon: And also,

Copies of the Minutes of the Commissioners of Ijis Majesty’s Customs, on Complaints from Merchants, and others, concerning the Amount and Growth of Fees paid to Officers of the Customs, and their Proceedings thereon

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Lift;

Accounts, and Copies, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hunger ford presented to the House, according Mark field, to Order, a Bill to revive and render more effectual an &t- tt«ad. Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester,

over Charley otherwise Charmcood Forest, through the Town of Whitrvick, and from thence through Talbot

Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley near to

a Place called Snape Gate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, Wappinsj a Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session Poor' &c* of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Officers of give Directions, that there be laid before this House, ^®eri Copies or Extracts of any Letters from the Commander °rps' c* in Chief, Secretary at War, or others of His Majesty’s Ministers, promising Half Pay, or other Encouragement, to the Officers of Regiments or Corps raised in North America, or in any of the Islands in the West Indies.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourble Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mutiny and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Desertion. upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

3 Geo. III. 140 — 17® 299

Kays and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Xe.rns. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lima, 17° die Martii Anno 23* Georgii III'" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Answer to fV 1H E Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That AdUrefr. X their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty

would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Copies or Extracts of the Letters therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that be will give Directions accordingly.

Copper Coio. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Chepping in

the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and ' read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find themselves

greatly aggrieved by the present Circulation of Bate and Counterfeit Copper Coin, the Quantity of which has of late so much increased as to become highly injurious to the Commercial Interests of the Nation; and that the Petitioners have done all in their Power to put a Stop to such Circulation, but find themselves unable to do it effectually without the Interference of Parliament; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the Evil is chiefly owing to a Defect in the Laws for preventing the coining and circulating such Ilafe and Counterfeit Copper Money, and, unless feme more effectual Remedy be forthwith applied, the Consequence may be more detrimental to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and that i the Petitioners may have such Relief therein, as to the

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Abolirtiing A Petition of George Duke of , Collector

certainOfficw of the Customs Outwards, in the Port of London, Henry of the Cuf- Duke of Newcastle, Comptroller of the Customs In-m3‘ wards and Outwards, in the Port of London, Henry Staxcell Lord Stawell, Surveyor of the Customs in the Port of London, and Thomas Lord Pelham, Surveyor General of the Customs, in the said Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices in the Customs, for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion, and for abolishing Fees for the Ease of Merchants and Traders, and

I for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers,

and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are feifed and possessed of the respective Offices above-mentioned for Life, or lives, by virtue of Letters Patent under the Great Seal, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it would greatly aftect their Properties, and be highly injurious to their respective Estates: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may aft’cCt them in their said Offices, or that they may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 39.

A Petition of the several Deputy Patent Searchers Abolishing and Deputed Searchers of His Majesty’s Customs certaiu Officea within the Port of London, was also presented to the Cuf* House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners hope, before the same shall be allowed to pass into a Law, the House will require Evidence to be adduced in Support of the Allegations of the several Abuses therein generally stated to have arisen, so far as they relate to the Department of His Majesty’s Customs under the immediate Attention and Management of the Petitioners; and Alledging, that the Office of Searcher of His Majesty’s Customs is a very ancient Office, and feme of the Petitioners are Deputies, and others of them are Deputed Officers, acting in the said Office, and have, by daily and continual Labour and Attention, executed the Duties and Buflnels of their Offices with Integrity, Cor-re&ness, and Punctuality, and without there being any Instance of Complaint against them; and that the Petitioners have been bred up to Professions and Employments, which they have quitted in the Prospect of enjoying their Appointments upon the present Establish-ment, and, in case the Bill should pass into a Law, it will be attended with the most extreme Hardthip to the Petitioners, and will deprive them of that Rank which they have hitherto holden in His Majesty’s Customs, by placing them with the Land Waiters, and after the Land Surveyors, whereas they have hitherto ranked next to the Collectors and Comptrollers; and that the Fees received by the Petitioners, the Deputy Patent Searchers, are such as are prescribed by Law; and the Fees and Perquisites of the Petitioners, the Deputed Searchers, are such as have been by Law and Custom immemorially and uniformly paid by the Merchants; and all the said Fees and Perquisites are from their Nature so trifling, and little burthensome to the Merchants, that they are not in any Degree felt by them, the Annual Advantage whereof arising to the Petitioners under them are but just sufficient, with the Salary of their Offices, to maintain* themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be attended with Distress and Ruin to Individuals, and without any possible Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That the House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard against the fame, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill; or that the House will grant such other Relief, as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Landing Waiters in the Port of D'tto* London, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That upon the Petitioners Appointments to the said Office, the Value of it was stated to them at 400l. per Annum, and really proved so to several of the Petitioners before the War; and that being lately called upon to give an Account of the Emoluments of their Office for Three preceding Years, the same was returned to be upon an Average 140/. which, with the Salary of 601, amounted to 200l. per Annum', and that the Consequences of the War have occasioned such a Deficiency ir the Importations into the Port of London, as to reduce the Value of the Petitioners Emoluments to One Half their former Amount; and that, considering the Nature of their Services, and great Severity of Attendance in the Duties of their Office, they trust the House will be inclined to preserve to them the Advantages which the Petitioners hoped would return with the Settlement of Peace; and that, as the Bill proposes that no Person is to be injured by the Alterations intended, the Petitioners therefore rely on the Wifdoin and Justice of the House, to induce them to establish such a Salary as. may be

adequate

Alton Priors Inclosure*

Williams’s

Divorce.

Rotherhithe Paving, &c.

Burton 1ladings Inclosure.

300 I'j* Martii. 1783:

adequate to the Trust, and to the Nature of the Service in which they are employed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the District or Tything of Alton , Part and Parcel

of the Parish and Manor of Alton Priors and West Stowell, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John of the City

of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee -of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hous'e will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

The Lord Alihorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards. Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rother-hithe, otherw ife Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Larcley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of TVarwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Two Yard Lands and a Half, who refused to sign the Bill, on account of his not being allowed to appoint a Commissioner; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed confilts of Twenty-six Yard Lands and a Half) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Bounty to Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay G,arrilfon to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, 0 1 r Ur-

the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trade with for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe, in St. Christo-Neutral Ships, into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Peer’s, &c. Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and'

Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties; for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act White-hill's for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- Forfeiture, ment, for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects, forfeited in consequence of the said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Maidenhead for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Bndrie> *c* Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of His present lloads- Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lawton, Ac. for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Road‘* an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burs/em and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ldetuon. punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An

2X Geo. III. 170 Martii. 301

Harding's An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Richard Newman Harding, Esquire, and his First and other Son6, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of -

man, pursuant to the Will of Richard , Esquire,

deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bramston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pifikrd’iNat. An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Rijf'ard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Laces, Mr. Benyon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

C’harch A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

L«mch Inclo tnon Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the lure. Parish of Church Bench, in the County of Worcester,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Bemiuldock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bounties on Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House, according Linens ex- to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Expor-ported. tation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stirewfcory Sir Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, Shire Hall, to whom the Bill for building a new Shire Hall and Ac* Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of

Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed: That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once roid throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Corporation shall not obstruct the Use of the Hall for the Purposes of the County.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

St. James A Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the (Westminster) "Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of avl°6‘ and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Toumeifcn’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kat* for naturalizing John James Tourneisen, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master-man, Sir Watkin Lt"ice$,; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 39.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Reybaz’s, *e. for naturalizing John Urban Reyb and Alexander ^at-Aubert, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master-man, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for removing certain Disabilities and Incapa- bgily,’s cities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, of Attainder. Airly, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Abolishing Reading of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Trade with into further Consideration the Report from the Com- America, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Siibjtfts of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was committed.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time.;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoked, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 H

302

i8° Mart it. 1783.

'Mortis, 18° die Martii

Anno 23* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1783<

Pra yek's.

Mutiny and A N ingrossed Bill'for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Desertion. il\. non; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the vLords, and desire their Concurrence.

WiMrn Ferry A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of t« Gainflxv the Borough of Leicester, in Common Hall assembled:

raSNaVi* And>a,so»

ga ion. A.Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufactuners,

:and other Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereupon subscribed;

Were Feverally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Trent, from in the County of

Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of

coln; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the great Necessity there is for such Improvement being made, the present State of that River being a grievous Impediment to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Towns and Counties in particular, and of the Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners are informed, the said Improvement is intended to be confined to a Depth of Eighteen Inches of Water, although a much greater Depth may be obtained at a moderate Expence, and they are clearly convinced that a Ids Depth than Twenty-four Inches will be very inadequate to the Qcoafions of the-Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Navigable Canals and Rivers communicating with The Trent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for deepening the said River to Twenty-four Inches at the lealt, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for iiupowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the lame with Horses, is committed.

St. Georg*'* Sir -Richard Hot ham reported from the Committee) Pdri<hWarlO to whom the Bill to prevent PrisoneFs in the King’s "n '' Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or > their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint Georgethe Martyr, in the Borough of Southuark, end County of Storey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the 'County Gaol or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of ebufing Over leers of the Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poors Rates within the said Parish, was committed;

"That the1 Committee had examined the Allegations of the i Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee iliad gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they 1 bad directed him to’report to the HoUle; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the- Bill, with the Auiend-ments, in at the'Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once;read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon tire Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, Thatit bean Inftniftion to the Committee, Militia Pay

iwho are. appointed to prepare an Efdmate of the Charge and Clothiuj. of the Pay of the Militia for the Year 1783, That they do prepare an Estimate of the Cloathing of the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia for the Year

1783.

A‘ Bill for granting:a Bounty upon the Exportation Bounties on of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British Linens ex- i and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Ported-Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, framed or dyed in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

.Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolveitself into a‘Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Masterman -reported from the 'Committee, -to piffanr* Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the -Lords, ‘intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Piffard w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the‘ Bill, and found the same to 'be true; and that the ‘Committee had directed him ‘to report the ‘ Bill ‘to the ’Hoilfe, without -any Amendment; -and he ‘delivered ‘the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said‘ Bill w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That-the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That’Mr. Masterman do carry the Bill 'to ‘the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Hoilfe ‘hath agreed to the lame, "without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtor* the Sheriffs Ward of the County of Devon, in Behalf Petition*, of themselves, and also of all other Debtors confined in the different Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt confined in His Majesty’s Gaol or Prison at Horsham, in and for the County of Sussev:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were.severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Message From -the Lords, by Mr. llett and Mr.

Thompson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland — for rendering the -Payment of Creditors more equal and Payment of expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- Creditor*. land; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bilb and Promissory Notes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, Sandon, &c. to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to L°ad-put in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year

01 of

23 Geo. III.

18° — 190 Mar tit.

3° 3

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widens ing, and altering the Road from in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county of,

and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford, as therein mentioned, was referredThat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'I'able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. William Challinor, and Mr. James Daveitport, Clerk and Surveyor to the said Roads, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, in doing which a Debt df 7,232 /. 1 o has been contracted, which cannot be discharged, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and lotne Amendments and Alterations made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock , in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rods to Tean, in the said County of Stafford: And that the Lord and Sir John Wrottcslcy do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Abolifiling A Petition of the Coallwaiters in the Port of Lon-

certain don, was presented to the House, and read; Setting OiRcm of the forth, That the Petitioners were ordered by the Com-u toau. missioners of the Customs to give an Account of all Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, taken by them, so as tolhew the Amount thereof, for Three Years preceding Christmas lad, which Account' they gave to the said Commissioners, amounting, on the Average of the said Three Years, to 25/.; and representing to the House, that the said Three Years were a Time of War, when the Coasting Business was very considerably lessened, ow ing to the Trading Ships being obliged to wait for Convoy, consequently were mot enabled to make lb many Voyages by more than One Half as in Time of Peace; and that, in the Three Years preceding the Commencement *of the late War, the Petitioners Emoluments (exclusive df-their Salaries) on an Average, amounted to upwards of 6a/. per Annum: And therafoie praying, That if the Bill now depending in (Parliamentdhould pals into a Law, they may >be allowed an-equal Compenfotion for the Loss they will sustain thereby.

A Petition of Edward Whitehouse, 'Surveyor of the Coallwaiters in the Port of -, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the lad preceding Petition, except with respect to his Fees, Gratuities, and Perquidtes, which, for the Three Years preceding Christmas dad, amounted on an Average to 46 /. 15 s.; and that tin the Three Years preceding ‘the Commencement of the late War, the Petitioner’s Emoluments (eKclulive ;of -his Salary) amounted on an Average to 85/. 7 6

per Annum: And therefore praying, That, if the said ‘ Bill should pass into a Law, he may be allowed an equal Compenfotion for the Loss he -will sustain thereby.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing-various ob-Vol.39.

folete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Pofession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of ithe -Officers; and for the further Improvement of -the said Revenue, be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the lad Sef* Wapping lion of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment Poor, &c. of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial -Ground for the Use of the said Parish j and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng,

Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And -they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order-of the Day being read;

The House -resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade with whole -House, to.consider fuFther -of the Bill for the pro- America, visional Edablishment and Regulation of '(Trade and Interoourse between the Subjects ,of Great Britain and -those of the United States of North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair df ‘the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That -they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments -thereunto; which they had ditefted him to report, when the House will please to-receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now (received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported 'from -the f»id Copi-mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had dfrested him to report , to -the -House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill -with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken -into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies-of the said Bill, with ithe Amendments, Ibe.printed, as shall be suffi-cie t4. for it he -Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of ;the Cloak.

Merourii, 19 Armo 23° Georgii IIltU Regis, 1783.

R raters.

A

N ingrossed Bill for building a -new Shire Hall Slirewtbury Rod Guild -Hall for -the 'County of Salop, and Shire Hal),

- 1 r , *->. > - &CV

-the Town iof Shrewsbury, in -the said County, and for -the other iPurposes therein mentioned, >was read -the Third Time.

Resolved, That-the - Bill do pass: And-that the Title be, An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the (County of Salop, and \the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for -the (Otfier-Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir - Charlton Leighton dp carry the ' Bill to -the -Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

304 io" Martii. A. 1783.

Abolishing A Petition of the Collector, Deputy Customer, De-«£a,n f. puty Comptroller, Surveyor, Deputy Searcher, Coast Custom*. Waiter, and Land Waiters, of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Bill now before the House, for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obiblete and useless Offices in the Customs, that the Salaries of the Officers in the several Out Ports of this Kingdom are to be regulated according to the Gross Receipt of the Duties at each Port; and representing to the House, that the Port of Poole is particularly circumstanced in a Manner different from almost every other Port in the Kingdom, for that its Commerce being chiefly confined to the Newfoundland Trade, the vast Number of Articles exported for the Use of the Fishery occasions a prodigious Multiplicity of Business, longer Attendance, and closer Application, in the official Departments of the Petitioners; nevertheless the Receipt of the Port is so very inconsiderable in proportion, that if the Mode of regulating the Salaries according to the Duties should pass into a Law, the Annual Income of the Petitioners would be so considerably reduced, that it would not only be very inadequate to their Trouble and Attendance, but allb inferior to most other Ports: And therefore praying the House to take the peculiar Hard-ship of their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall feera most expedient

Ordered,\That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abo-lishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensatbn to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue, be read a Second Time.

Wetberhy, Mr. Mdlish reported from the Committee, to whom kc. Road, -the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherby to Kna in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bedford Mr. Philip Yorke reported from the Committee, to

Level Bond whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of the Gover-e nor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Con-fervators of the Great Level of the Fens, to fell their Taxes of certain Lands, within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon Account of those levels, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Account*

the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended Amu Cham* at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several London. Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of,

on the 5th July 1782: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for building a Bridge at from the 28th September 1781, exclusive, to the 28th September 1782, inclusive: And allb,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th September

1781, exclusive, to the 28th September 1782, inclusive:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for making a Street from Moorjiekls to Bishopsgale Street, from the 28th 1781,

exclusive, to the 28th September 1782, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, and for laying a finall Toll in lieu thereof, from the 28th September 1781, exclusive, to the 28th September

1782, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging,^, the Vaults,

Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the said City, from the 28th September 1781, exclusive, to the 28th September 1782, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dying Trad*. Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newcaflk , to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-Iccond Year of under Lyiue His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Inclosur*.

" inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called " the The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of

" Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of f, and

" applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates " of the said Parish and Borough;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lord , for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Vintners, On;.ley'» otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, j

in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Mo- |

nies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Messuagos,

Militia Pay and Cloath-ing*

Wilden Ferry to Gainst>o-tough Navigation,

a 3 Geo. III.

ihages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be- settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses; to which the Lords-desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia for the-Year 1783., and who were

35

instructed to prepare a* Estimate of the-Cloathing of the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia for the Year 1783; That the Committee bad prepared an Estimato accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the Report in his Place,; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Wheat the same was read; and is as followed!; us.

1$ MartiL

ESTIMATE of the Chaise of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1783.

Pny to 67 Adjutants, at 6 s. a Day each, for 365 Days - - - . - -

D* to 1,542 Serjeants, at la. a Day each, for D* -

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each, for D* - - — ' - -

Additional Pay to 67 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6 d. a Week each, for One Year -

D* - - - - to 67 Drum Majors, at6d a Day each, for D* - > - -

Salaries for 67 Battalion Clerks, at 50 /. a Year e ich - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - - .

D° - - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for Contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. pet' Month for each Private Man and Drummer - -

Cloathing for 1,542 Serjeants, at 3/. 10s. each - - - -Sr -

D° - - - for 1,200 Drummers, at 2/. each' - -

Sox additional Pay for Cloathing. 67 Serjeant Majors, and 67 Drum Majors, a* 1 /. each . , -

£. s. di 7.336 10 — 281,141 10 —

10,950 — !

435 10 — 611 7 6

3,150----

4000 —

8v35»- > 0 —

.397-----

2,400-4 — i'34 —

1 — mm4

70*908 7 6

Ordered, That the (hid Report do He upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, whole

Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River , from Wilden Ferry, in the County of , to

borough, in the County of L; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the extreme Neci-flity there is for such Improvement being made, the present State of tlwt River being a grievous Impediment to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Counties in particular, and of the Kingdom in general; and thut the Petitioners are informed the Depth of Water meant to be procured by the said intended Improvement is to be only Eighteen Inches, whereas they are clearly convinced that a less Depth than Twenty-four Inches will be very inadequate to the Occasions of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several navigable Canals and Rivers communicating with the Trent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for deepening the said River Trent to Twenty-four Inches at the least, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent ,from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to- Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for itnpowerkig Persons navi-Vol. 3y.

gating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horse*' is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bounties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Linens ex-11 pon the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Exporta- Port,d-tion of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings,

British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted,

Itained, or dyed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair, of the Committee. _

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Wilden Ferry Navigation, of the Rrver Soar, was presented to the to Gainibo-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been pre>- ®a l°n' tented for Leave to bring in a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln', and1 the Petitioners are informed, the proposed Improvement of the Navigation of the said River is not meant to extend further than to deepent&e same to Eighteen Inches of Water; and that, by Means of the Improvement made et> the

41 River

Supply.

Ways and

Meuufc.

Wed bury Writ.

Mutiny and Ddtrtiun.

Jo6 19° — 20° Martii. . 1783.

River Soar, Vessels of Thirty Tons Burthen can navigate thereon at all Times of the Year; and that the {'aid River Soar communicates with the River Trent, and the Petitioners apprehend very essential Advantages would accrue to the Counties through which those Rivers run, and to the Public in general, if the Trent was to be made of an equal Depth with the Soar, by which Means Vessels might navigate equally well on both; whereas if the proposed Amendment of the Trent is limited to so finall a Depth of Water as Eighteen Inches, Vessels of only Eighteen Tons Burthen can navigate thereon, and the Advantages, if any, must be partial and finall, wholly confined to the Neighbourhood of the River Trent, and of no Service to that of the Soar, or the general Trade of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That if any Bill shall be brought in for improving the Navigation of the said River Trent, Inch Improvement may be made of such Extent as may be necessary to form a beneficial J unfit ion with the fe-eral Rivers and Canals communicating the rewith; or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counlcl, against those Parts of the Bill that may atfefit them, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Terry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hate the same with Horses, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion to the find Committee. That they do admit Connlel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a newr Writ for the elefiting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of IFi,'Is,in the room of Samuel El'quire, w ho,

since his Flection for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Secretary and Register of His Majesty’s Royal llolpiial at Chelsea.

A MdTage from the Lords, by Mr. Ilett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Delerlion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cancelling, on the Terms therein mentioned, certain Articles and a Bond entered into by Henry Errington, Esquire, conditioned to build a

Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, with Roads and other Works thereto, and to uphold the same for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Town of Birmingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the extreme Necessity there is for such Improvement being made, the present State of that River being a grievous Impediment to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Counties in particular, and of the Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners are informed the Depth of Water meant to be procured by the said intended Improvement is to be only Eighteen Inches, wdiereas they are clearly convinced that a lei’s Depth than Twenty-four Inches will be very inadequate to the Occasions of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Navigable Canals and Rivers communicating with the Trent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for deepening the said River Trent to Twenty-four Inches at the least. or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feein meet.

And the said Petitions w ere severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill lor improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Ww as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton in

the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laicley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Hexham

Bridge.

Wilden Ffnj

to Gainlbo-rough Navi* gallon.

Burton

Hailing*

IucLufuie.

23 Geo. Ill* ao° .

Gof^fcW Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom

Road* *C* ^'e for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and " repairing a Road from the North Eoft Side of the " GoszrelI Street Road, next Islington, in the County of " Middlesex, and near to the Road called The Sew " Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street " Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from " The Doghouse Bar to the End of Street, by

" the Artillery Ground," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be included.

wetherby, An ingrossed Rill for repairing and w idening the Roads Ac. Hoad. leading from Wetherby to in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherby to in the County of

York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1U Ohgtjy'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elute*. for veiling the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Vintners, otherwise Vinters, the Manlion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled El’tates of the Right honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be loid; and for laying out the Monies urifing by l’uch Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereili' men's, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, wa; read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Anne Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to (Westminster) Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, Paving. the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of !Vest-minster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wilden Ferry A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the to Gaintbo- Ercrrash Canal was presented to the House, and read; rough Navi- jetting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the gation. Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are informed, the Improvements proposed are not meant to extend further than to make the Depth of Water in the said River Eighteen Inches, and the Petitioners apprehend so limited an Improvement cannot be productive of any material Advantages, either to the adjacent Counties or the Public; and that the Canal formed and completed by the Petitioners, and which communicates with the said River Trent, is capable of navigating Vessels of Thirty Tons Burthen at all Times of the Year; and, if the River Trent was , to be made of a fuflieient Deptli to navigate the Vessels

that go on tire Ereuash Canal, it would not only be of qonsiderable Advantage, but of great and permanent Vo l. 39.

Utility to the Counties through which the said River and Canal pass, and to the Trade and Commerce of the Kingdom in general, whereas the Benefit to be expeCled from tire Improvement that is intended, must be partial and very inconsiderable, if any, to the Public: And therefore praying, That if any Bill shall be brought in for improving the Navigation of the said River Trent, such Improvement may not be limited as is proposed, but made of such Extent as to form a free and equal Navigation with the several Rivers and Canals communicating the rewith; or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against those Parts of the Bill that may affect them, or have such other Relief in the Preunfes as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Wilden Ferry Navigation from The 'Trent to The Mersey was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That gation‘ the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought into the House, to improve the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, where it communicates with the Petitioners Canal, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are fully satisfiedof the Necessity of an Improvement being made in the said River for the Purposes of Navigation; but it is with Concern they find, that the Improvement intended is so partial and limited, that it will be very inadequate to the Occasions of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Canals, and other Navigations, communicating with the said River; and that, by the said Bill, the Depth of the said River is intended to be confined to Eighteen Inches of Water, which will not carry Vessels with Ease and Safety with larger Burthens than Fifteen Tons, whereas the said River is capable of being made much deeper, and of carrying Vessels with much larger Burthens at a very moderate Expence; and that, as the several Canals, and other Navigations, which communicate with Trent, are made of greater Depth, and navigable for Vessels with heavier Burthens than The Trent is meant to be confined to by the present Bill, the Petitioners apprehend such Restrifilion in the Depth of the said River will be attended with efl’ential Injury and Inconvenience to all the said Navigations communicating the rewith, and to Trade and Commerce in general; and that the Petitioners, being greatly interested in an effectual Improvement of the River Trent, not only ia common with all other Persons, but in a more particular Manner as having expended large Sums of Money in completing a Canal of great Extent to communicate therewith, the Success of which materially depends on a cheap, easy, and expeditious Intercourse by Water with the Port of Hull, they rely on the Justice of the House, that, if the said River is permitted to be improved under the Authority of Parliament, such Improvement will not be confined to so inadequate a Depth of Water as that proposed by the said Bill, but may be carried to such Extent, and completed in such Manner, as may be most suitable to the Navigations communicating with the said River, and best calculated to promote the general Interest of the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by their Counsel, against l'uch Parts of the said Bill as they apprehend w ill a fleet them, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called WildenFerry, in the Counties and Leicester, or One of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impow ei ing Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Hoifes, is committed: And the

Petitioners

Bounties on Linens exported.

Boos Inclosure.

Keybaz’s,

Nat.

Tourneifei/s

Nat.

Sandon, &c. Hc-d.

308 20® — 'll* Martii. 1783.

Petitioners are to be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That thej’ do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committed to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Henry Houghton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British

and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or

Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, w as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pafiures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss, in in

the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elites reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert, w’as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elites do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed' to the fame, without any Amendment

Mr. Elites reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John James Toumeisen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elites do carry the Bill to the Lords , and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester', and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Afoot's, and from Wetley Rocks to lean, in the said County of Stafford.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Sandon, &e. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, ^oa<1* made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from to

Tean, in the said County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was Militia Vny made from the Committee, who were appointed to and Cloath-prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the ins*

Militia for the Year 1783, and who were instructed to prepare an Eftirnate of the Cloathing of the Set jeants and Drummers of the Militia foF the Year 1783, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to ilia Majesty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Clothing of the Serjeants and l>rummers of the Militia, for the Year 1783, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into Trade with stirther Consideration the Report from the Committee of Aaer, cii* the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North Attierica, w as re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe.

Clause (B) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " which heretofore might have " been lawfully imported into any Port or Place of Great Britain."

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was amended.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Alonday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die Mart it; -

Anno 23® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A. N ingrossed Bill to enable the Corporation of the Bedford xJL Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Level Bond Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Debts. Fens, to fell their Taxes of certa n Lands within the'’

04 Middle

Henfhawj&e.

luclosure.

Officers of Customs.

Royal Afient to Bills.

43 Geo. III. 4i M309

Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon account of those Levels, was read the Third time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens, to fell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation, upon account of those Levels.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Yorkc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, was presented to tlfe House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Henshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland;and Setting forth,

That the Petitioner is Lord of the said Manors, and, if Provision was made in the said Bill for impowering the Lord of the said Manors to enfranchise the customary Lands, it would be of great Advantage to the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manors: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for such Purpose, in such Manner as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Stiles, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Patent Officers in the Revenue of Customs in Eng with the Values of their respective Employments, as nearly as can be ascertained, distinguishing such Parts as arise from Salary, and such as arise from Fees, upon an Annual Average for Three Years, viz. 1772, 1773, and 1774; as also, the Total Gross Produce, the Payment for Taxes, and other Charges, the Payment for Deputies and Clerks, and the Net Annual Value of each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message by Mr. Quartne, Yeoman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal AfiTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire Vol. 39.

of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s House-hold, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s House-hold, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of umberland, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Aifent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe, in Neutral Ships, into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Neois, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the said Blands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this King-. dom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Neois, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America.

An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garison and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes.

An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John , Ef-

quire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year- of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

4K An

3io

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, " called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of " Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford; " and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Parish and Borough."

An Act for naturalizing David Pxffard.

Covent Sir Cecil JVray presented to the House; according to

A Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting g’ ’ the Parish of Saint PCement , within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

King(i*n A Petition of the Dock Company of Kingston upon

Gaol HuU Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes, and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull; and that the Petitioners were, by the said Act, united into a Company, with full Power to direct the making and maintaining such Bason or Dock, Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, to answer the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, with Power to purchase Lands for those Purposes, and the Sum of 15,000l. was di-rested to be paid out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port of Hull, and certain Crown Lands were like-wife granted for promoting the said Undertaking, which Land, as well as the several Works directed to be made, were, by the said Act, vested in the Petitioners, with a Power to subscribe Money amongst themselves, and to raise Money by Rates and Duties on Shipping using the Harbour, Bason, or Dock, within the said Port, for further enabling them to carry the said Act into eftcftual Execution; and that public Quays and Wharfs bave, pursuant to the Powers of the said Act, been established, and the Bason or Dock, and other Works, submitted to the Petitioners Care, have long since been completed, to the great Advantage and Convenience of Trade and Commerce, and Benefit and Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending in Parliament for building a new Gaol, and other local Purposes, within the Town of Kingston upon HuU, and for explaining an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon HuU, in which Bill there is a Clause, reciting, that the Mayor and Burgesses of Kingston upon Hull, have been accustomed to receive certain Tolls or Duties on Corn and Grain, Goods and Merchandize, brought by Land Carriage within the said Town of Kingston itpon Hull, or the liberties and Precincts thereof; for Sale, or to be laden or shipped in the Haven or Harbour of the Town and Port of the said Town, which Haven or Harbour lies within, and is a Part of, the said Town or Borough; and also, reciting, that by virtue of the Petitioners Act, a Dock or Bason hath been made, which lies partly in or contiguous to the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and partly to the County of York, by means whereof Disputes may ariie

A. 1783.

concerning the Payment of the said Tolls and Dutiei to the Mayor and Burgesses, for Goods laden or shipped in feme Parts of the said Dock or Bason; wherefore the said Bill enacts, that the said Tolls and Duties ilta.ll be recovered by the said Mayor and Burgesses, to whatever Part of the said Dock or Baton the Corn or other Things shall be brought to be laden or shipped, in the same Manner as if the Petitioners Act had not been made, or such Corn and Grain, Goods, and Merchandize, bad been brought to be laden or shipped in the Haven of the said Town or Port; and that the Petitioners apprehend the making such Innovations would be in all respects as unwarrantable as unprecedented, and, considering the Situation of the Dock, might be of dangerous Consequence to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of Hull, and all Places cunnefted therewith; and the Petitioners hope that Parliament will not fuflfer any Deviation from, or Alteration in, the Provisions of the Petitioners Act, without the Consent of His Majesty and his Revenue Officers: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Agents or Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill, and that no such Provision may be suffered to stand.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of 'Kingston upon Hullfor purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for raising Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon HuU, and for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, wilden Ferry Land Owners, and others, in the County of Leicester, to Gainfbo-whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, was presented rough Navi-to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- fiatu,n' tioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to improve the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners are fully sensible of the extreme Necessity there is for such Improvement being made, the present State of that River being a grievous Impediment to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Counties in particular, and of the Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners are informed the Depth of Water meant to be procured by the said intended Improvement is to be only Eighteen Inches, whereas they are dearly convinced that a left Depth than Twenty-four Inches will be very inadequate to the Occasions of the Public, and insufficient to accommodate the several Navigable Canals and Rivers communicating with The Trent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for deepening the said River Trent to Twenty-four Inches at the least, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufec- Dkt0. turees, Traders, and others* residing in the Counties of

Stafford,

ai° Martii.

Vi falling Office.

a3 Geo. III. ax° Martii. 311

Stafford, Derby, Nottingham* Leicester, and Lincoln, Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Mr. Mr.

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also pre- Minchin, Mr. Baker, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas -

fented to the House, and read; containing the same vering, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Dai'ker, Mr. Ewer,

Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and Alledg- Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Charles

fog, That the Petitioners are lb completely sensiblcof Turner, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Plumes', Mr. Masterman,

the Expediency and Practicability of procuring a Depth Mr. Ord, Mr. Keene, Mr.; and all the Mem*

of Water in the said River of at least Twenty-four Inches, bers who serve for the Counties of Hants, Wilts, Dorset,

that they are willing and desirous to take on them- Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Essex, Herts, Kent,

lelves the Expence of executing the Improvements of Surrey, Middlesex, Northumberland, Durham, York,

the River to that Extent, with a View to which the Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Denbigh, Glamorgan,

Petitioners are ready to advance the several Sums let Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, -

against their respective Names, the Amount of which, von, Anglesea, Flint, Chester, Lancaster, Westmoreland,

they are well informed, will be more than sufficient for and Cumberland, and the City of London; and all the

the Purpose: And therefore praying. That the Im- Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants

provement intended to be effected by the said Bill may of the House; and they are meet upon Monday Mora-

oot be limited to so inadequate a Depth of Water as ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

that said to be proposed, but that it may be made gene- ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

rally beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the Public, Records; and all who come to the Committee are to

by being deepened to Twenty-four Inches at the least, have Voices.

or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the

Premises as to the House shall fecra meet. Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Newnham to

And the said Petitions were severally ordered Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road St. Whites

to be referred to the Consideration of the Com- from the Passage or Ferry over the River Secern at Road-

mittee, to whom the Bill for improving the NczMham, in the County of Gloucester, through the

Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called

called Widen Ferry, in the Counties of Derby Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, so the said County: And the same was received, and in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering read the First Time.

Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, same with Horses, is committed.

A Petition of the Landing Surveyors belonging to the officers of A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Custom House in the Port of London, was presented to Customs. thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was pre- turners understand a Bill is depending in Parliament, for fented to the House and read; Setting forth. That introducing various Regulations in the Collection of His there are, and long have been, many gross and shameful Majesty’s Customs; and, amongst others, it is proposed Abuses practised in and about the Victualling Office that no Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk, or Department at Portsmouth, tending not only to enrich other Person, employed under the Direction of the Corn-

Individuals at the Expence of the Public, but even missioners of that Revenue, shall, from and after a Time

to affect the Naval Strength of this Kingdom; and that to be mentioned in the Bill, be permitted to require or those whole peculiar Duty it is to redress such Abuses, accept from any Merchant any Fee, Gratuity, or Per-either connive at the fame, or (tide all specific Complaints quilite, though voluntarily given, for or in Consideration by the Power which they have over the intended Com- of any extra Service or Attendance to be performed by plainants, or intimidate them by insinuating Threats the said Officers; and that, by an Act of the Sixth and of the Loss of their Employments if they do complain, Seventh of William the Third, a special Provision is whereby those Abuses are now so openly and (hamefully made for authorizing the Officers of the Customs to earned on, as to cry aloud for Redrels; and that Abuses take a moderate Recompence from the Merchant or of this Magnitude are become the Topic of Conversation other Person, desiring the Officers Attendance on urgent at Portsmouth, and spoke of with equal Horror that Occasions, and at Times and Places not required by they have been hitherto praaised with Impunity, and Law; and that, in the Port of London, where the lawful with Regret that no Person will Hand forth and repre- Quays are in Point of Extent so extremely limited and font the same to the Grand Inquest of the Nation; and circumscribed, that, unless lndulgencies were granted to

the Petitioners observe with Concern, that Two honest, land various Articles of Merchandize imported from

good, and respected Officers in the above Department Foreign Parts at several private Wharfs upon the lli-have been lately discharged, for Nothing more, as they ver Thames (feme of which are so far distant from the alledge, than having publicly declared their Intention Custom House as and others at Battersea)

of laying the above Abuses before Parliament; and that the Business of the Merchant must be exceedingly re-the Petitioners, not awed, however, by such Proceed- tarded, if not totally stopped; and that, at whatever ings, but relying on the Justice and Wisdom of the House, Wharfs Goods subject to Duty on Importation are think it their Duty openly to stand forth, and humbly landed under the Care of the Landing Waiters, such hope that this will be thought a Subject of such Im- Goods must be visited and inspected by their luperin-portance as to merit a National Inquiry, and that the tending Officers the Landing Surveyors, as well to feme will immediately be enquired into, and redressed prevent the same from passing upon the Payment of accordingly. improper Duties, as to adjust the Tare or Allowance

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to be made the Merchant, in Consideration of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Weight of the Calks, Chelts, or Bales, in which the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Merchandize is contained, and also in Cafes where the appear to them, to the House. Goods have received Injury by Salt Water, or other-

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, the Lord Mayor wife during the Voyage, to adjudge the Quantum of of London, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Damage to be allowed in the Customs, which forms a Bunbury, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Chancellor of most efi’ential and important Part of the Petitioners the Exchequer, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Edward Duty, and whereby a very great ’fruit and Confidence James Eliot, Mr. Orde, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Brett, Mr. is placed in them; and that, for Services of this Nature,

Hopkins, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Stephens, Mr. and the Expences incident to giving their Attendance at Vo l. S 9. such

31a 2i° Marlii.' A. 1783.

Birmingham

Canal.

such distant Places for the Convenience and Accommodation of Merchants and other Persons, the Petitioners acknowledge to have received a Gratuity, as a Compensation for such extra Duty, from which the material Emoluments of their Office have arisen, and so strictly have they adhered to the Spirit of the above-mentioned Act, that they have never taken or received, directly or indirectly, from Merchants or other Persons, any Gratuity, Fee, or Compensation, for any Business transacted by them upon the lawful Quays; and that the Petitioners perceive it is proposed, by the present Bill, to abolish all Fees, even those for extra Service and Attendance, and in lieu thereof to establish certain and fixed Salaries for several Officers in the Port of London, amongst whom the Petitioners are included; and that as the Petitioners were required by the Commissioners of the Customs in October last to make a Return of the net Annual Income of the Office of Landing Surveyor in the Port oi, London, upon the Average of Three pre-

ceding Years, which, including Salary and all other Emoluments, amounted only to 252/. 17 the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Return will serve as a Rule for establishing their Salaries in the Bill now before the House; and therefore they appeal to the Candour, Generosity, and Justice, of the House, whether an Average, formed on the Produce of Three most disadvantageous Years, when the Trade of this Country was lb exceedingly reduced, should be adopted as a Guide to fix their Salaries under the present Bill; and that on the Appointment to the Office of Landing Surveyor, the Petitioners were instructed to expect it would produce to them Severally an Income of 500 /. per Annum, a Circumstance the Petitioners presume to mention for the Consideration of the House; and though it is neither decent nor proper for the Petitioners to suggest what Salary they could wish might be annexed to their Employments, yet they most humbly implore the Protection and Assistance of the House, that upon the Eve of returning Commerce, and consequent Increase of Business to the Petitioners, they may not be subjected to the hard Necessity of subsisting upon Salaries that are not proportioned to certain additional Duty, and which Duty must now be more severely felt from their Number being, within these few Years, reduced from Eleven to its present Establishment of Nine, but that the House will, in case the present Bill should pals into a Law, be pleased to make such competent Provision, and establish such Salaries for the Office of Landing Surveyor, as may be adequate to their Trust, and may render them respectable in their Station of Superintending a most important Department of the Customs (the Discharge of all Foreign Goods imported) and place them in a Situation not to be influenced by any other Interest or Benefit than w hat tends to promote and increase the public Revenue.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Rever-fion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Canal from or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and -

shire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of

Stafford, and also Tdro Collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Pensnett to communicate with the said intended Canal, and the other from a Place called The Black Delph, to join and communicate with the said first-mentioned Collateral Cut, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to raise the Sum of 30,000 /. for the Purpose of carrying the said Undertaking into Execution; and, by another Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said first-mentioned Act, the Petitioners were enabled to raise the further Sum of 10,000 /. (over and above the said Sum of 30,000l. and the Sum of 3,000l.' raised by Voluntary Subscription) for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and that, in pursuance of the Powers of the said Acts, the Petitioners have completed the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the same are rendered navigable into the S

shire Canal, and the Petitioners have expended upwards of 40,000l. as well as funk all the Profits arising from the said Navigation, in setting on Foot and completing the fame; and that the great Object of the Petitioners in obtaining the said first-mentioned Act, and carrying the same into Execution, was, to open a Communication between the Coal Mines lying upon or near to the said Collateral Cuts and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, in order that the Coals raised thereat might be conveyed upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, into the more remote Parts of the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Warwick; and that, by a Clause in the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, after taking Notice that the said Stourbridge Navigation would fall into the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, which was Twelve Miles and an Half distant from the River Severn, by means whereof the Owners of Coal Mines in

the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge would be enabled to undersell the Owners of Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton, at the Severn Markets, which would tend to the Injury of the said Collieries, as well as the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, and, in order to regulate the Tonnage upon Coals in such Manner as to bring the same from the said respective Coal Mines to the Market of the Public upon a nearer Footing of Equality, the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation are thereby impowered to impose a Tonnage of Two Pence a Ton per Mile on all Coals brought down the said Stourbridge Canal, and navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, which is one Halfpenny a Ton per Mile more than they are authorized to take on other Coals navigated upon their said Canal; and that the said Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries are all situate upon the Birmingham Canal, and the Coals sent from the said Collieries to the Severn Market are conveyed, for a considerable Distance, upon the said Birmingham Canal, before the same enter upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and at present pay a Tonnage of Three Halfpence a Ton per Mile for passing on the said Birmingham Canal; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that a Power is intended to be given by the Bill now depending in Parliament respecting the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, to enable the Proprietors thereof to make a partial Reduction of the Rates of Tonnage on their said Canal; and, that, if such Powers should pass into a Law, or in case the said Birmingham Canal Company should reduce the present Tonnage on Coals navigated upon their Canal into the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, the same will give such an Advantage to the said Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries in the Secern Market as will tend to the manifest Detriment of the Petitioners and the

23 Geo. III. 21 ° Martii.

313

Birmingham

CanaL

the Proprietors of Coal Mines lying upon the Stourbridge Navigation, and materially affect the Public, unlei's the Clause which subjects the Coals sent down the Stourbridge Navigation to the Payment of an additional Tonnage on the Staffordshire and Canal be repealed, or lonie Relief given respecting such Tonnage equivalent to any Reduction which may hereafter take place in the Tonnage of Coals on the said Birmingham Canal: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Couniel, against the said Bill, on such Parts thereof as may affect them, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the house shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Thtdley Canal Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Canal within and from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbott Foley, Inquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation at a Place called Black Dtlph, upon Pens nett Chace, in the Parish of Jord, in the County of Stafford, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to rail’e the Sum of 7,000 /. for the Purpose of carrying the said Undertaking into Execution, and, in case the same should be found insufficient, the Petitioners were also enabled to raise any further Sum, not exceeding 5,000l. for completing and perfecting the said Navigation; and that, in pursuance of the Powers of the said Act, the Petitioners have fully completed the said Canal, and the same is now navigable into the Stourbridge Canal, which communicates with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and they have expended upwards of 10,000l. as well as funk all the Profits arising from the said Dudley Canal Navigation, in setting on Foot and completing the fame; and that, by a Clause in an Act, made in the said Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of " to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and " also Two Collateral Cuts, one from a Place called " The Fens, upon Pcnsnett Chace, to communicate u with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordsley " Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to " join the fn ft-mentioned Collateral Out at or near " certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of " Kin gsu'inford, in the said County of Staffordafter taking Notice that the said Stourbridge Navigation would fall into the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, which was Twelve Miles and an Half distant from the River Severn, by means whereof the Owners of Coal Mines, in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, would be enabled to undersell the Owners of Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston, Coscley, and Tipton, at the Severn Markets, which would tend to the Injury of the said Collieries, as well as the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, and, in order to regulate the Tonnage upon Coals in such Manner as to bring the same from the said respective Coal Mines to the Market of the Public upon a nearer Footing of Equality, the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation are thereby authorized to impose a Tonnage of Two Pence a Ton per Mile on all Coals brought down the said Stourbridge Canal, and navigated upon the said Staffordshire and / ForcestersliireCanal, which is One

Halfpenny a Ton per Mile more than they are authorized to take on other Coals navigated upon the said Canal; and that the great Object of the Petitioners

You 39.

in obtaining the said first-mentioned Act, a»d carrying the same into Execution, was to open a Communication between the very extensive Coal Mines lying upon or near to the said Dudley Canal, by the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, into the more remote Parts of the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford, and for which Purpose the Coals raised from the mid Mines-must necessarily be carried down and navigated upon the Stourbridge Canal: And concluding with the same Allegations and Prayer as the lait preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham'Canai Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbromcich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventay Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Paiilli of Tamuorlh, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by thern-selves or Couniel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Couniel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Offices and indemnify such Persons as have omitted to quality them- Employ-selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify ent* In* Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to J' register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving furtlrer Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Ad-milfions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or tnifiaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Adinillions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Ordand Mr. Ambler do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers and Cal- Arkwright’* lico Printers of the City and Neighbourhod of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, dC u,e* and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Richard Arkxvright, of Cromjord, in the County of

Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend the Term granted to him by Patent, for the exclusive Use of certain Machines for making Cotton into Yarn; and that the continuing of the Term of 9 the said Patent, as prayed for by the said Petition, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, give Stability to a dangerous Monopoly, and prove highly prejudicial to the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Army — to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Paymaster upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in General’* the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act ce*

" for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster " General of His Majesty’s Forces

4 L

Officers of Customs.

GoTW'ell

Street, &c. Road,

Supply.

Ways and Cleans.

314 11 — 24°

Resolved, 'fhat this tloufe will, upon Tuesday Seven-riight, the id Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Sevennight, the lift Day of April next.

A Motion was made, ami the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Reports of the superintending Land Surveyor and Solicitor, which, by the Minutes of the Board of Customs of the 24th of October 1777, appear to have been read before that Board;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

|The Lord Mayor of "1 Tellers for the Yeas, -j London, >

[Sir Thomas Clavering :J

Tellers for the Noes lThc Lord \

1 eiieis for the i\ oes, |Mr Solicitor General.j

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

65.

58.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minute of the Board of Customs of the 8th Day of December 1778, to the Deputed Searchers, and the Report of the General Surveyor, of the 27th of thereon, upon a Complaint against Mr. Seddon, one of the Deputed Searchers, touching a Demand of Fees for the Shipping of Ninety-three Calks of Provisions by Sufferance at an unlawful Quay, together with the fub-sequent Report of the Solicitor and General Surveyor thereon.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening, and repairing a Road from the North Last Side " of the Gosxvcll Street Road, next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called " The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to " Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and " at and from The Doghouse Bar to the End of Chisrveil Street, by the Artillery Ground," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, w idening, " and repairing a Road from the North East Side of " the Gosirell Street Road, next Islington, in the County " of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New " Read, over the Fields and Grounds, to " Read, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and " from The Doghouse Bar to the End of Street,

" by the Artillery Ground."

Ordered, 'I'init Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rcsohvd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the IJoufe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Martii. A. 1783.

Luna, 24° die Martii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A BILL for bettet paving, cleansing, lighting, and Roiheiliithe watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Al- l'aving, &c. leys, and Passages, W’ithin the Parish of Mary at Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Althorpe, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Tradesmen, Ma- Copper Coin, nufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That large Quantities of Base and Counterfiet Copper Coin have, for a considerable Time past, been circulated in the said Town of Birmingham, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and although the Petitioners and the other principal Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood have exerted themselves as much as possible to prevent such Circulation, the same has lately increased in so great a Degree as to become injurious to them, and to the Public; and that the Petitioners conceive the Grievance before ltated arises from a Defect in the Laws for preventing the coining, and circulating in particular, of such Base and Counterfeit Copper Money, and, if some more -effectual Methods are not speedily adopted to prevent the Inconvenience complained of, the Consequence may prove move highly detrimental to the Petitioners, and the Community in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their moll lerious Consideration, and to give such Relief therein, as the Nature of the Cale may appear to require, and to the House ffiali seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Prisoners in the King's st. George, Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families Southwark, or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of chuling Overseers of the

o o

Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poors Rates, within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George ' the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol or House of Corrreftion belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of eluding Overseers of the Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poors Rates,

within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hot ham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom HanlingV

01 the i'ame.

Sandon, &c* Road.

Ditto.

Roos Inclosure.

St. Anne (Westminster) Paving.

2^ Geo. ill. 240 Martii. 11

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Newman Esquire, and his

First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard

Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the IIoull*, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bern/ondo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from stone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Rocks

to 'lean, in the said County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Gilbert, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l’ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir CecilIVray, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Or- st. Martins der, a Bill for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, in the Fields the Parish of Saint Marlin in the Fields, within the Pav*ng. Liberty of Westminster, and such Part of Great Drury

Lane as lies within the Parish of Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminsteraforesaid, and for removing

and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act l ord for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Vintners, Ongley's otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and certain ales‘ Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Truf-

tees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Ul’es, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Ord, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the il vcral Pe' lbns whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others using and travelling such Part of the Road from

# O P

Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, as lies in the said County of Chester, and of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Lands contiguous to the same Road, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That many Clauses and Provisions in the said former Act are injurious to the Petitioners and others who rtfule in that Part of the Road which lies in the County of Chester: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Count'd, against the Continuance of such Parts of the said former Act as affect the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadow s, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rin Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Lewis. Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elwcs reported from the Committee, to whom Stanford the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open inclosur«. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Tow nship of Stanford, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2/,th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Saiisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Yard Lands and an Half, Five Horse Commons, Ten Cow Commons, and Seventy-five Sheep Commons, and Forty-eight Acres of Land in the Open Fields, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of One Yard Land, Two Horse Commons,

Four Cow Commons, and Thirty Sheep Commons, who gave no Answer; and the Proprietor of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, Three Horse Commons and a Quarter, Seven Cow Commons, and Fifty-two Sheep Commons and an Half, who is insane; and that the whole confilts of Seventy-nine Yard Lands and Three Quarters, One hundred and Fifty-nine Horse Commons, Three hundred and Eighteen Cow Commons, and Tw-o thousand Three hundred and Ninety-two Sheep Commons and an Half, and about Three hundred Acres in the Open Fields; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for better paving, elcanfing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster,

and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 39,

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Or- offices and der, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Employ-to quality themselves for Offices and Employments; ‘"ents In*

and demnu-v-

Officers of Customs.

Catwater

Harbour.

Bilston Navigation.

516 24* — 2 50 Martii. A. 1783.

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stampgd according to Law, or, having been stainped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to muke and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of the several Reports of the superintending Land Surveyor and Solicitor, which, by the Minutes of the Board of Customs of the 24th of October 1777, appear to have been read before that Board: And also,

A Copy of the Minute of the Board of Customs of the 8th Day of December 1778, to the deputed Searchers, and the Report of the General Surveyor of the 27th of October thereon, upon a Complaint against Mr. Seddon, one of the deputed Searchers, touching a

Demand of Fees for the Shipping of Ninety-three Calks of Provisions by Sufferance at an unlawful Quay, together with the subsequent Report of the Solicitor and General Surveyor thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for cleansing, clearing, and rendering more safe and commodious, the Harbour of within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for erecting a Wall at Mount Batten, for Preservation of the said Harbour;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight " and inferring the Words " Six Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Six " Months " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, and

IVesbromuich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 7th Day of April next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to lake into His serious Consideration the very distracted and unlettled State of the Empire, after a long and exhausting War; and that His Majesty would therefore condescend to a Compliance with the Willies of this House, by forming an Administration entitled to the Confidence of His People, and such as may have a Tendency to put an End to the unfortunate Divisions and Distractions of the Country.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Molt honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 2d Day of April next.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the incident Accounts of the Commissioners of the Customs, from Lady Day 1777 to Lady Day 1782.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tc His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 25° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

A BILL to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and

to

Address for forming an Administra-lion.

Abolishing certain Offices of Customs.

Trade with America.

Commissionc ers of Customs.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

23 Geo. III. 259 Mar tit, 317

to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissious have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or midaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and die Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee af the whole House.

Resolved, That the House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Stanford An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing IncLofurt. the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Covent A Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the

Gat dt-n Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty

aving, c. of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ogilvy’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Attainder, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, eccafioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, of Airly, Esquire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Staunton A Bill for. dividing, inclosing, and improving a cer-upon Wye, tain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of &c. Inclosure. Staunton upon Wye, In the County of , and for

extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr* Speaker,

Pitt’s Grant The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to 'grant the Inheritance *te of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the

Vol. 39.

Parish of Petersham, formerly fcart 0 the Park there, called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration, without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have passed.a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hankey’s dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey, J Esquire, with Divorce-Elizabeth Thomson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers witlidrew.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Newnham to Passage or Ferry over the River Severn, at Newnham, White’s in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Roa Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow,

Sir Richard Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Birmingham and other Inhabitants of Loughborough, and its Vicinity, CanaI-was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cats, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near in the Parish

of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford; and also, of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from a Place near Rider’s Green, in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Binmngham; and Setting forth,

That it appears by Surveys and Levels taken, that the Rivers Trent, and Tame may, at an easy Expence, be made navigable from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the Town of Tamworth, and from thence to or near Fisher's Mills in the Parish of Middin the County of Warwick] and also, that the River Anker may be made navigable from the said Town of Tamworth, at its Junction with the River Tame, to or near in the County of Warwick, and that a Cat or Canal may be conveniently made from thence to communicate with the CoventTy Canal already completed to Atherstone; and also, that a Communication may be conveniently made from the River Trent to the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, at or near Winchnover, in the County of Stafford; and Alledging, that the making the said Rivers navigable with the aforesaid Cuts or Canals, will be done at much less Expence than extending the said Canal from Fisher s Mills to Fazeley, as intended by the find Bills, and completing the Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, the Place of its intended Junction with the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey;and that it will also be attended with a Saving to the Public of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, which would be taken and used for the said Canals, and every Communication intended by the said Bills will be effected; and that if the said Bills, or either of them, should pals into a Law in their present Form, .

the Petitioners and the Public at large will be greatly

4 M injured:

Di fcoant on Loan.

Boon tics on Linens exported.

Williams’s

Divorce.

318

25 ° — 26" Martii.

A. 1783.

injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Parts of the said Bills, or either of them, as may affect the Interest of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider’s Gr, in the Parish of bromwich, to Broadwater Fire , and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the several Sums paid or allowed for Discount on Prompt Payment, in the several Loans made from the ill of January 1776 j distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of the City of Exctei', Gentleman, with Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had made a Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26* die Martii;

Anno 23° Georgii III. U Regis, 178,3

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Han key's to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey, Esquire, Divorce, with Elizabeth Thomson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills 40 made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Strahan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Office* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dpl°y-upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have ^mrity.* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, of others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft- or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Totnkyns, from prjces of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Com and he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Grain. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain, certified to the Collectors of Customs in the Ports of Chichester, Cowes, Portsmouth, Southampton, Poole,

Bristol, Liverpool;Chester, Hull, Great Yarmouth, and

Southwold, by the Justices of Peace from their several Quarter Sessions, between the lft of January 1775 and the 30th of January 1783 inclusive; and also, a Return of the Quantities of each several Sort of Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into, and exported from, the said Ports or Places during the same Period, with the particular Dates when such Corn, Grain, and Flour, were. imported or exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

Bridewell

Hospital

Boundaries.

Supply.

Lambeth Poor, &c.

22 Geo III. 26 MartiL319

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinfit thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann, Black Ftyars, in the City of London, as therein specified, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfafition of the Committee; and that the Committee had direfited him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

‘ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Jonathan Stonard, Esquire, bang examined, laid, That the said Parish is very extensive, and the Poor thereof numerous, whereby the Collection of the Poor and other Parochial Rates is attended with great Trouble and Inconvenience to the Parish Officers, who cannot sufficiently attend thereto; and that considerable Losses arise to the Petitioners, for Want of a proper Person to be appointed to collect the said Rates.

And the Witness added. That if Powers were granted for better making and collecting the said Rates, and for regulating and employing the Poor of the said Parish, it would tend to the more effectual Relief of the said Poor, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Parishioners of the said Parish. Then

Mr. Thomas Swabey, Junior, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Stonard.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rate, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey Vol. 39. '

and the Lord Allhoipe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtors the Sheriff1 s Ward, or Gaol or Prison, of South Gate, Petitions, for the City of Exeter, and County of the fame: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt now confined in Bedford Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Copper Coin. Traders, in the Town and County of upon

Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the enormous Increase of the Quantities of Counterfeit Copper Coin in Circulation is become an intolerable Burthen and Prejudice to Trade, not only in the said Town and County, but in every Trading City and Town in the Kingdom; and that large Quantities of Base Copper Money are frequently conveyed by Land and Water Carriage to all Places of Trade in the Kingdom, for the Purpose of Circulation, and very few Payments in Country Trade are any where to be obtained without large Portions of Copper Coin, Nine Tenths of which, upon an Average, are generally base and counterfeit, and, the Petitioners apprehend the Laws in being are not sufficient to remedy this great and growing Evil; and that the offering Counterfeit Copper Money in Payment for its nominal Value, or the conveying it, or having it in Custody, are not Offences against any Statute relative to Copper Coin, as no Statute authorizes the seizing of Counterfeit Copper Money, or the prosecuting the Possessors of it, unless an actual Bargain for the Disposal of it at left than its nominal Value, and a Delivery of it in consequence of such Bargain, can be clearly proved; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a competent Quantity of new Mint Half Pence could be obtained, and put into Circulation, it would, in a great Measure, check the Circulation of Counterfeit Half Pence, and they are very desirous for that End to engage for and purchase a Coinage of Mint Half Pence, to the Amount of 2,000l., and are persuaded that great Numbers of Merchants, Manufacturers, and Trader^ in other Parts of the Kingdom, would be glad to purchase at the Mint, and circulate such Half Pence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedy against the aforesaid increasing Public Evil, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That His Answer to Majesty had been attended with the Address of this Address-House of Monday last, which His Majesty had received very graciously; and that His Majesty had been pleased to say. That it was His earnest Desire to do every Thing in His Power to comply with the Wilhes expressed by His faithful Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Viauallinj Mr. Gascoyne, Senior, Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr. Francis Eyre, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Hervey, and Mr. St. John, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, is referred.

The

Trade with America.

Ways and Means.

Clerkenwell

Poor.

Lambeth Poor, dec.

320

26 — 27* Martii.

A. 1783.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the proviftonal Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North rica, was re-committed, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1783.

Phayeks.

MR. Fenton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Guardians or Governors of the Poor, of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and other Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plac; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for building a Workhouse, " and for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, "in the County of Middlesexwas read. And Mr. Abraham Rhodes, Clerk to the Governors and Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish, being examined, said. They have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and find the same to be defective, particularly with respect to tl»e Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, to the making and collecting of the Rates, and a Power of compelling Offenders, who have removed out of the County of Middlesex, to appear before the Aldermen of London, or the Juliices of Surrey, for receiving into Pawn the Goods belonging to the Workhouse; and likewise, with respect to preventing the Governors and Guardians of the Poor from being concerned in Contrafts for furnishing the Workhouse with Food, and Materials for the Employment of the Poor; and that feme other Alterations and Variations of the Powers of the said Act are necessary.

Mr. Paul Parry, Matter of the Workhouse in the said Parish, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Rhodes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Work-u house, and for the better Relief and Employment " of die Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, " Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex And that Mr. Penton and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rate, and for better Regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Papists Deeds a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and "llls* and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchaser^: And the same was received; and read the First Time. 7

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the officers and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employ-indemnify such Persong as have omitted to qualify them- *yicnts , D* selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify emnUy’ Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or miilaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Customs in the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Scotland, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of the Established Officers of the Customs in Scotland, with the Salaries now paid to them out of that Revenue: And also,

An Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together with their respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1779,

1780, and 1781; in so far as respects the Office of Comptroller General of the Customs in Scotland: And also*

An Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by any Patent Officer of the Customs in Scotland, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together with their' respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, land for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the . Employment Annually, on an Average of the Years 1779* 1780, and 1781; in so far as respects the Office of the Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland:

And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perqaifites, acknowledged to have been received 06 by

a 3 Geo. III. 270

by the several Officers of the Customs in Scotland not being Patentees) on an Average of the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781, with the Salaries paid to the lame, so as to shew the usual Value of their respective Employments: And also,

Copies of the Minutes of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, containing any Complaint against any Deputy or Deputies of Officers holding by Patent for Term of Life, for Abuse or Neglect of Duty, together with the Proceedings thereon: And also,

N° 1. Copy of a Representation of Samuel Garbett and Company to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, complaining of the Fees exacted by the Officers of the Customs at the Port of B with the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs thereon, in consequence of their Lordships Reference in the Year 1766: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Petition of Charles Earl of Elgin and Kincardine, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, complaining of the Increase of Fees at the Port of Borrowstoness, upon Sufferances to unload Coals, with the Proceedings had thereon, in the Year 1766: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Petition of William Steward, Merchant, at Berwick upon Tweed, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, complaining of the Officers of the Customs at Aberdeen, for refusing to grant a Certificate for cancelling a Coast Bond, without Payment of One Penny per Barrel Bulk upon a Cargo of Wool, with the Proceedings had thereon, in the Year 1766: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Board of Customs at Londonto the Secretary to the Board of Customs in Scotland, with respect to the Officers at Aberdeen refuting to grant Certificates of the Landing of Wool at that Port, without Payment of Fees, with the Proceedings bad thereon, in the Year 1776: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Petition of sundry Merchants in London, concerned in the Shipping of Wool, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, complaining of the Officers at Aberdeen, for refusing to grant Certificates of the Landing of Wool at that Port, without Payment of One Penny per Barrel Bulk, by way of Fee, for such Wool; and also a Letter, signed by several Merchants in Aberdeen, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Rating a similar Complaint, with a Report of the said Commissioners thereon, in consequence of a Reference by Order of the Lords of the Treasury, and other Proceedings had, in the Year 1777: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a letter from William Bait, Merchant in Aberdeen, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, complaining of the Officers of the Customs at that Port, for refusing to grant Certificates of the Landing Goods there, without Payment of One Penny per Barrel Bulk for the fame, with the Proceedings had thereon, in the Years 1776 and 1777: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, transmitting to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland a Memorial of the Convention of Royal Boroughs from the Merchants, Brewers, Bakers and others, in Behalf of themselves and the general Trade of Scotland, regarding several Exactions by Custom House Officers in their Fees, and praying Relief, with the Proceedings thereon, in the Year 1781: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Petition of Robert Sharp, Matter of the Aberdeen Packet, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, complaining of Three Shillings being exacted by a Coastwaiter at Leith, for a Wool Sufferance, with the Proceedings thereon, in the Year 1781: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Woodhouse, of Liverpool, to the Secretary to the Board of Customs Vox.. 39.

in Scotland, complaining of the Fees exacted by the Officers of the Customs at Isle Martin, with the Proceedings thereon, in the Years 1779 and 1780:. And also,

N° 1 o. Copy of a Petition of James Chapman, Merchant in Borrowstoness, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, complaining of a Demand made by David Duncan, Coastwaiter upon the Canal, of One Shilling, for endorsing a Landing Permit, which formerly was but Six Pence, with the Proceedings had thereon, in the Year 1781: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Circular Letter to all the Ports of Scotland, containing a Prohibition to withholding of Dispatches, or giving any Obstruction to Trade, on account of the Refusal to satisfy the Fees demanded, whatever Orders may at any former Time have been received by the Officers to the contrary.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift, Accounts, and Copies, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, Accounts and Copies, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

.The said Lift, Accounts, and Copies, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Edward Astley reported from the Committee to Foreho# whom the Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in Poor* the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from Richmond the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at Bndge‘ the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Caffi Account, 1782."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. William Sdwyn be added to the Receiving Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, StolenGoods, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making the receiving of Stolen Jewels and Gold and " Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway " Robbery, more penal," and for further preventing the receiving of Stolen Goods.

Mr. William Sehvyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the receiving of Stolen " Jewels and Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of " Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal," and

4 N for

Persons found with House-

breakini*

instruments.

Supply.

Debtor*

Petition.

Bridewell

Hospital

Boundaries.

Williams's

Divorce.

322

for further preventing the receiving of Stolen Goods: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Williambe added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time.

Mr. William Sclzcyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Punishment of idle and difbrderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or oft’enfive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A. 1783.

without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty Bounties upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams 011 Linens and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Cal- exPorte licoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great , be read the

Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Martii;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

2 70 — 2 8° .

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Praters.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Williams’s ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His jTa. Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Divorce.

Majesty, the Resolution -which the Committee had of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his-directed him to report to the House; which he read in now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Time.

viz. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the

That Provision be made for the Pay of the Militia, and Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed for the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the to the fame, without any Amendment.

Militia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-three. Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Wapping

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, the Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session Po°o was, upon the Question put thereon, agreed to by the of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of House. the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in

the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said York, was presented to the House, and read; Complain- Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and ing of their Distress, and praying Relief. making certain Streets, within the said Parish, was com-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Table. gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

An ingrossed Bill to ascertain and establish the Boun- and made several Amendments thereunto; which they daries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Precinct thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Aim, Black Fryars, in the City of London, as therein Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: specified, was read the Third Time. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the be, An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the and between the Hospital of Bridewell, and the Precinct House.

thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann, Black Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Fryars, in the City of London, as therein specified. ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Papists’

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro- Deeds and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House testant Purchasers, was read a Second Time. - Wllls"

to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wil- of the whole House.

Hants, of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Eliza- ReThat this House will, upon Morning belli his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, next, refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now upon the said Bill. . read. ‘

And the said Order being read accordingly; An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as Offices and

The House resolved itself into the said Com- have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-mittee. Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee. deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. by Law, and for giving further Time for those Pur-

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they poses; and to indemnify Members and Officers in

had gone through the Bill; and that the Committee Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose liad directed him to report the same to the House, Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to

Ilenfhaw,

&c.Inclosure.

Birmingham Poor, &c.

St. Martins in the Fields Paving.

Leachlade

Canal.

23 Geo. III. 28 0 MartiL323

ing to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, -to mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admis- join and communicate with the Canal at

lions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Wallbridge, near the Towi> of Stroud; and also a Col-Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of lateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near to

the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and or near the Town of Cirencester, all in the County of Solicitors, was read the Third Time. Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the be, An Act; to indemnity such Persons as have omitted same to be true; and that* the Committee had gone to qualify theml’elves for Offices and Employments; through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who unto; which they had directed him to report to the have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, agreed to by the House.-

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be into provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fur- grossed. ther Time to such Persons afs have omitted to make and

file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks An ingrossed Bill for removing certain Disabilities and Ogilvy's to Attornies and Solicitors. Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Attainder.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, Ogilvy', o , Esquire, was read the Third Time, and desire their Concurrence. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Inca-Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, pacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing of Airly, Esquire.

the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waite Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Con-Henshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, currence.

in the County of Northumberland, w as committed; and

to whom the Petition of Sir Edward Blackett, Ba- An ingrossed Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made Forehoe ronet, was referred; That the Committee had examined, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Poor‘ and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of jesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor the 2,)th of April 1774. relative to Bills of Inclosure, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of had been complied with; and that the Committee folk, was read the Third Time.j

had considered the said Petition; and had examined Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be be, An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in true; and that the Parties concerned had given their the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; jesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Norfolk.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Ordered, That Sir Edward Astley do carry the Bill to Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Sandon, &c. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Road* tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the rest of the Inhabitants of the Township of House. clough, in the County of Chester, was presented to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursu-ingross'ed. ance of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, a Turnpike Road was made from Sir Robert Lawley presented to the House, according Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock to Order, a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, in the County of Chester, through the Market Town within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester; and Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the that soon after the making of the said Road, the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act into £x-First Time. ecution caused a Side Bar to be erected across a Lane

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. in the Township of Sutton, in the said County of

Chester, leading from to Macclesfeld

A Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the aforesaid, which communicates with the said Turnpike Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty Road at a less Distance than One Mile from the Town, of Westminster, and such Part of Great Drury Lane as and only One Mile, a Quarter, and Twenty-eight lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Roods, from the Market Cross of Macclesfeld, being Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and for removing and the Market Town usually frequented by the Inhabitants preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read of Wildboarclough, at which Side Bar the Petitioners a Second Time. have been compelled to pay the full Toll imposed by the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil said Act; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes,

Wray, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill to renew the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Term and Powers of the said Act; and represen ting to Chamber. the House, that as the Petitioners only travel about One

Mile upon the said Turnpike Road, in going to, and Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom returning from the Market at Macclesfeld aforesaid, the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal they conceive it a very great Hardship and Oppression Vol. 39. upon

324 28C Martii. A. 1783.

upon them to pay any Toll at the said Side Bar: And therefore praying. That the House will take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilders to Draycott in the and from lVetiey Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford',is committed.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this- House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Adjourn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the meat. ' House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

p n Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-

fprtH ngf the suant to their Order,

Army. N* i. Lift of the Officers of Major Commandant

Pringle's Corps of Foot, specifying such as held Military Commissions previous to their Appointment thereto: And also,

N° 2. Ditto, of Colonel Simcoe's Legion of Dragoons and Foot, specifying the fame: And also,

N° 3. Ditto, of Lieutenant Colonel Tarletons Regiment of Light Dragoons, specifying the fame: And also,

N° 4. Ditto, of Lieutenant Colonel Donkin's Battalion of Infantry, specifying the fame: And also,

N° 5. Ditto of Colonel Farming's Regiment of Foot, specifying the fame.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. Mr. Strachey presented to the House, pursuant to

their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to the Honourable Governor Gage, dated Whitehall, 27th January 1775: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Lieutenant Governor Colden, dated Whitehall, 5th April 1775; inclosing,

N° 3. Copy of an additional Instruction;

N° 4. Form of Association: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to the Honourable Governor Gage, dated Whitehall, 15th April 1775: And also,

N° 6. Extraffc of a Letter from the Earl of Suffolk to Governor Legge, dated Whitehall, 16th 1775:

And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the Honourable General Howe, dated 28th March 1776: And also,

No. 8. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 23d January 1779: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 25th June 1779: And also,

N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 19th January 1780: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 7th June 1780; inclosing,

N° 12. Proposals for raising a Regiment of Light Dragoons in North America, by Brigadier General Ruggles: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 7th March 1781:

And also,

N° 14. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 4th June 1781: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 12th October 1781: And also,

N° 16. Commissions signed by the King, for Officers in Major Commandant Pringles Corps: And also,

N° 17. Commissions signed by the King, for the Officers of the Royal Garrison Battalion of Foot; And also,

N° 18. Commissions signed by the King, for the Officers of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant Tarletons Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

N° 19. Commissions signed by the King, for the Officers of Colonel Fanning's Regiment of Foot: And also*

N° 20. Commissions signed by the King, for Officers in the First Atnerican Regiment, or Queen’s Rangers:

And also,

N* 21. Copy of General Sir William Howe's Order to Edmund Fanning, Esquire, for raising the King’s American Regiment in North America, 11th December 1776.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bountie* Reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting a Bounty upon 00 Linen* the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and exPort‘;d-Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 9. To leave out " Twenty-fourth," and to insert " Twenty-eighth" instead thereof.

1. 10. To leave out " June," and to insert

" March "instead thereof.

I. 11. To leave out " Six," and to insert " Four" instead thereof; and to leave out " and from thence to the " End of the then next Session of Parliament"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

Supply.

Trade with America.

23 Geo. III. 28° — 31® Mar tit. 325

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Henfhaw, *c. the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waite Inclosurt. Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Henshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Hetijhaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Peti- Victualling tion of the several Persons whose Names are there- Office, unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do fit, and proceed upon the said Petition, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Luna, 31* die Martii;

Anno 23® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Umb«th A BILL for ascertaining and collecting the Poors

Poor, &c. jf\_ Rate, and for better regulating the Poor in the

Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Lord Althorpe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Clerkenwell Mr. Penton presented to the House, according to Poor. Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more ef-

feftual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief " and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish " of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of " dlesexAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LonlOngley’* Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Estates. the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor, of otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Vol. 39.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hanke/s to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey, Esquire, with Divorce. Elizabeth Thomson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

The House being informed that Mr. Piggott and Ninth Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examin- Report ing, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; cc and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Ninth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Ninth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

AS soon as we had finished our Examination into the . Manner of passing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, we proceeded to those of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces; and required from the Auditors of the Imprest the lait declared Account of a Paymaster General of the Forces, with the Materials from whence that Account was made up.

The Paymaster General pafles every Year Two 4 O Accounts

3i Marti*. 1783.

Ninth Report on Public Account*

N° 2. N*3-

Accounts in the Office of die Auditor; the one, as Paymaster General of die Forces, the other, as Treasurer and Paymaster of Chelsea Hospital; and therefore Two Accounts were returned to us, pursuant to this Requisition: These were the final Accounts of Lord North and the late George , Joint Paymaster General of the Forces, for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1767, and declared the 7th of September left.

The Materials which accompanied the Account of the Paymaster General, were, The Pay Office Book of Account; The Establiftupents; The Regimental Book of Account; The Poundage Book; A Lift of the Deductions for the Widows Pensions; The Im-prest Roll; The Warrants, with such Papers annexed to each as are referred to in that Warrant; and, The Acquittances.

By inspecting these several Books and Papers, and from the Examination of Joseph , Esquire, one of the Deputy Auditors in the Office of Lord Sondes; Charles Bembridge, Esquire, the Accountant in the

Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; and Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the Deputy Auditors in the Office of Lord Mountstuart, we are made acquainted with the official Forms, and with the Steps that were taken relative to these Accounts in both Offices, and which have been usually taken relative to the Army Accounts, prior to the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of JEiis Majesty’s Forces.

The Materials from whence the Account is composed are all lent from the Pay Office to the Auditor; not at once, nor in any particular Order, but from Time to Time, as is convenient to the Pay Office.

The Pay Office Book of Account, when completed, comprehends all the Receipts and Payments of the Paymaster General during the Year, ranged under distinct Heads of Service; and at the End is added Abstrect of the Account, containing the tf cade, with the Total of each Head: And after the Account is examined, and the Balance (truck, the Paymaster General ligns his Name at the Foot of this Abstract, and swears to the Truth of the Account, before a Baron of the Exchequer.

The Establishments in this Year, 1767, were Five: — The Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces in Great Britain-^The Forces in the Plantations' — The Forces in Minorca and Gibraltar — The Irish Regiments in the Pay of Great Britain — and, The Half Pay Estab-lishment: They contain the Distribution of the Sums granted by Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Land Forces, among the General and Staff Officers, the Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Garrisons, ascertaining the Divisions, and the Number of Officers and Men in each Rank and Division, with the Quantum of their full Pay, by the Day and the Year, and with the Regulation of their Subsistence, and of the Fire and Candle to be allowed to the Guards and Barracks in the Garrisons.

The Regimental Book of Account contains the Sums allotted for the full Pay, according to the Establishments of the several Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Garrisons, in the Pay of Great Britain during that Year. Each Sum is, in general, divided in this Book into Si? Parts, under the Denominations of — The Poundage — The Hospital — The Subsistence — The Allowance to Widows — The Offreckonings — and, The Clearings ' After this Book is examined, it is signed by the Paymaster General, and he swears to the Truth of the Accounts it contains before the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest.

The Poundage Account is a List of the several

Officers, Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Ser-£

vices, liable to the Deductions of the Poundage and Hospital; and opposite to each Article is entered, in Three distjnQ; Columns — The full Yearly Payment — The Poundage upon that Sum — and, The Hospital: The Articles are ranged under Heads, denoting the Services, of which an Abstract is entered at the End, with the Total of each Deduction under each Head: This Account is taken from the Regimental Book of Account.

The Lift of the Deductions for the Widows Pensions, is a Collection of the several Items composing the Sum applicable to that Service, extracted likewise from the Regimental Book of Account

The imprest Roll, comprises the total Sum im-prested to the Paymaster General from the Exchequer in that Year.

The Materials which are usually lent die first from the Pay Office to the Auditor, are, the Book of Account, with some of the Vouchers. Neither the Book nor the Vouchers are ever lent complete at first: frequent Additions are made afterwards to both. The Auditor proceeds to the Examination of the Entries in the Account as soon as he receives it; and when he has nearly finished them, he applies to the Pay Office to complete the Charge and Discharge of the Year.

In a complete Account, the Charge consists of — The Imprest from the Exchequer — Sums received of various Persons — Profit by Exchange — Deductions — and, Surcharges; and is checked in the following Manner:

The Imprest Charge, is the Sum issued to the Paymaster General in that Year from the Exchequer, and corresponds with the Imprest Roll. — The Receipts are, from the Treasury of Ireland; from preceding or succeeding Paymasters General; and Balances from Persons whose Accounts are settled. The Sum received from the Treasury of Ireland, is checked by the Certificate of the Deputy Vice Treasurer there: The Sums received from the Paymaster General are checked by the King’s Warrants, directing them to make those Payments, and by the Accounts of the Paymasters, in which they have Credit for those Sums: The Balances appear upon the stated Accounts themselves, either in the Office of the Auditor, when they are passed by him, or annexed to the Warrant which directs the Payment, and is produced to him, when they are settled elsewhere. — The Profit by Exchange, arises from the Difference between the Value at which the Dollar is eftinaated by the Contractor for remitting in England, and that at which it is issued by the Deputy Paymaster at Minorca and Gibraltar; as the estimated Value is less than the Value at which it is issued, a Gain is produced, with which the Paymaster General charges himself: The Sum of this Profit is taken from an Account made out by the Accountant of the Pay Office, and by him certified to the Auditor.

The Deductions are. Sums taken out of the Pay of the Forces: They are — The Poundage — The Hospital — The Allowance to Widows — The Duties of One Shilling and of Sixpence in the Pound — and, The Stoppages for Provisions delivered to the Troops. He inserts these Deductions in his Charge, because he has a double Credit for them in his Discharges: They are included, and he is allowed them in the Sum he claims for the full Pay of a Regiment; whereas in settling the Account of that Regiment with the Agent, he in Fad does not pay them, but retains them in his Hands: He is allowed them again upon having actually either paid them to the respective Receivers or Agents, or applied them to the Services for which they were intended.

The Poundage being in Part, and the Hospital altogether, applicable to the Support of Chelsea Hospital,

33 Geo. III. 310 Martii. 337

tal, the Auditor leaves there out of the Paymaster General’s Account, as Paymaster General of the forces, but charges him with the Whole of them in his Account as Treasurer of that Uofpitoi.

The Allowance to Widows, being composed of Deductions out of various Allotments stated in the Estab-lishments, and forming likewise one of the Divisions of the full Pay of a Regiment, Troop, or Company in the Regimental Account Book, is checked by that Book, and also by a List made out at the Pay Office, compris-jngev-ery Article of these Deductions.

The One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, are deducted in the Pay Office, from the Pay of the Officers, at the Time they receive k: The Amount of them appears from tire Receipts of the Receivers of those Duties.

The Stoppages for Provisions, are collected in the Pay Office, from the Accounts of the Deputy Pay-masters: An Account of the Total of them is made out and delivered to the Auditor, signed by the Accountant.

The Surcharges are, either — Sums paid by the Contractors for remitting to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad — or, Balances in the Hands of Deputies to preceding Paymasters General, applied by the Paymaster General in Office- — or, Articles in the Discharge disallowed by the Auditor: , Unleft he surcharged himself with the Two first, the Public would, suffer by a double Credit; for the Remitters have Credit in their Accounts for what they pay to the Deputies, and the preceding Pay-masters General have Credit in their final Accounts for the Balances left in the Hands of their Deputies, and the Paymaster General in Office has Credit for the Expenditure of both. The first of these Surcharges is checked, either by the Accounts of the Remitters, upon their being passed in the Office, or by their Certificates before their Accounts are passed: The other is checked by the Account of that Paymaster General who is allowed it. The Surcharge by the Auditor is grounded upon the Practice of the Office: He does not strike out of the Discharge the Article he disallows, but fur-charges the Accountant with it

The Discharge consists of Payments, either under the Directions of Establishments, or to Paymasters General, or for extraordinary Services. The Payments under the Directions of the Establishments are, The General and Staff Officers, Regiments, Troops, and Companies, Garrisons, Clothing the Invalids, Contingencies, Reduced Officers, and Deductions.

The Paymaster General makes no Payment (unless it be to a Public Accountant) without the Authority of the Royal Sign Manual, obtained either previous or subsequent to the Payment; and therefore the Auditor, before he allows any Payment, requires the Production of such Warrant, as the Authority for the Paymaster General’s making the Payment; and the Acquittance of the Party receiving, as the Proof that be has actually made it. The Acquittance may be, either the Indorsement of the Name of the Person receiving on the Warrant, or a separate Receipt The Warrant and the Acquittance together form the Voucher, The Warrant must be countersigned in some Cafes by the Secretary at War, in others by Three Lords of the Treasury, and in others by both: Where the Payment comes within the Directions of an Establishment, the Counter Signature of the Secretary at War alone is sufficient; where it is for any extraordinary Service, other than a contingent Expence not within the Establishment, the Warrant is counterfigried by Three Lords of the Treasury only; where it is for a contingent Expence not within the Establishment, it must be countersigned by both: Where the Warrant mentions or refers to Memorials, Certificates, Reports, Lifts, Abstracts, or Accounts, Vo 1.. 39.

as necessairy to or connected with the Payopent, the Ninth Auditor requires the Production of these lastruments, Report or proper Certificates that they have existed. Where a Payment has been made pursuant to the Warrant of c a Commander in Chief, that Warrant must be produced; or, if that is not practicable, his Certificate that he has granted such a Warrant But the Auditor does not allow the Payment upon the Authority of that Warrant only; he requires also the Royal Sign Manual; which the Paymaster General obtains by the followup Means: — He presents a Memorial to the Treasury, with a list annexed, containing the Payments he has made lor extraordinary Services, pursuant to Warrants of a Commander in Chief, praying them to obtain His Majesty’s Warrant to the Auditors of the Imprest, directing them to pals and allow in his Accounts the Sums so paid: This Memorial is referred to the Auditors, for them to report whether the Prayer ought to be complied with: The Auditors report, that the Payments in the Lift are included in the Discharge of the Paymaster General, and that the King’s Warrant is necessary to authorize the Allowance: Upon this Report the Warrant is granted, and the Payments allowed. Where either the Warrant or Acquittance is loft, the Auditor has no discretionary Power, in any same whatsoever, to admit other Evidence in Proof of the Payment; to enable him to allow it, a special Warrant from the King must betjbtmned for that Purpose.

The Steps for procuring this Warrant are these: —

The Paymaster General presents a Memorial to the Treasury, with a List annexed, praying them to procure the King’s Warrant to the Auditors, directing them to allow the Payments in the Lift, upon a Suggestion that the Vouchers for them have been loft or mifl&id: This Memorial being referred to the Auditors, their Report upon the Propriety of granting the Prayer is the Ground for obtaining the Warrant.

When an Article is complicated, either involving a Calculation, or comprehending many Items, the Auditor examines the Computation and Calling: Where the Payment comes within the Direction of the Establishment, he compares, and fees that the Sum agrees with that Direction. Applying these Rules to the particular Cafes, he examines the Articles in the Discharge, and allows them upon the Production of their correspondent Vouchers.

The Vouchers for the Payments to the General and Staff Officers are, The Warrant, with the Lift annexed; and The separate Receipt of each Officer.

The Voucher for the Payment of a Regiment, Troop, and Company, is complicated: Of the Six Parts, into which the Sum allotted to a Regiment is divided in the Regimental Account Book, the Three Deductions of the Poundage, Hospital, and Allowance to Widows, is retained by the Paymaster General; the Offreckonings are paid to the Assignee of the Colonel; the Subsistence and Clearings to the Agent. The Subsistence and Offreckonings are paid without any Warrant previously obtained: The Subsistence is idued in certain Portions, at different Times, to the Agent, who gives his Receipts for those Portions as he receives them: The Offreckonings are paid upon the Production of the Assignment, and the Indorsement of the Agent and Clothier. When the Regiment is to be cleared, the Secretary at War fends to the Paymaster General a Warrant, directing him to make out a Debenture complete for the Pay of that Regiment, agreeable to the Number borne upon the Establishment: This Debenture being made out, the Paymaster General receives another Warrant, directing him to pay to the Colonel the full Sum allotted to that Regiment in the Establishment: Upon this Authority he pays the Clearings to the Agent; who returns to him the Receipts fur the

Subsistence,

Ninth Report on Public Accounts.

328 31 Martii. 1783.

Subsistence, indorses the Pay Warrant, and signs his Name in the Regimental Account Book under the State of that Regiment

This explains the Business of the Auditor, and the Grounds on which lie allows Payments of this Description: He fees that the Gross Sum agrees with the Establishment; he examines the Deductions of the Poundage, Hospital, and Allowance to Widows; he relies upon the Agent that the Subsistence and Clearings, and upon the Clothier that the Offreckonings are truly stated; he allows the Whole upon the Authority of the Debenture Warrant, the Pay Warrant indorsed by the Agent, the Receipt of the Clothier, and the Signature of the Agent at the Foot of the State in the Regimental Account Book.

The like Steps are taken by the Auditor in his Examination, and the like Vouchers requisite for his Allowance, of the Payments of all the Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Garrisons, upon the Establishments in Great Britain, at Minorca, and Gibraltar, and in the Plantations.

The Clothing the Invalids is intrusted to the Pay-roaster General of the Forces; and is thus conducted: — He presents a Memorial to the Treasury, desiring Directions to contract for the Clothing of the Invalids, with an Estimate of Rates annexed. The Treasury refer the Memorial to the Comptroller of the Army Accounts, directing him to consider the Memorial and Rates, and to inspect the Patterns. U pon his Certificate, that the Patterns are approved, and that the Clothing is answerable to the Patterns; and upon the Certificate of the Agent to the Invalids, that the Clothing has been provided by the Clothier, and lent to the Regiments and Companies; the Secretary at War, pursuant to a Warrant from the Treasury, prepares the King’s Warrant, authorizing the Payment of the Sum allotted for the Clothing to the Agent. Hence it follows, that all these Instruments, with the Pay Warrant indorsed by the Agent and Clothier, must be produced to the Auditor.

The Voucher for the Allowance of a Bill for Contingencies, is the Warrant indorsed by the Agent, with the Bill annexed: The Truth of the Account stated in the Bill is certified upon Honour, by the Commanding Officer, upon the Bill itself.

The Payment of the reduced Officers is allowed upon the Production of the Half Pay Establishment, with the Pay Warrant annexed; and the Paymaster General’s Account of the Sums he has paid; and the Receipt of each Officer or his Assigns, with a Certificate of his being alive, and not otherwise provided for by Government.

The Auditor compares the several Articles in the Lift of the Deductions for the Widows Pensions, with their correspondent Entries in the Regimental Book of Account, and allows the Payment of the Total Sum contained in the Lift, to the Paymaster of these Pensions (who is an Officer subject to Account) upon his Name appearing to be indorsed upon the Lift.

The Accounts of the Deductions of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, being certified by the Ledger Keeper in the Pay Office, the Receipts of the Receivers of these Duties, as Public Officers subject to Account, at the Bottom of the Accounts, are Vouchers to the Auditor for the Payment to them of the Amount of these Duties.

The Sums paid over to Paymasters General are proved by the Warrants directing the Payments, and by the Accounts of these Paymasters General, in w'hich they are charged with the Sums.

The Extraordinaries are various and extensive; but there is not much Difference in the Sort of Voucher required by the Auditor to warrant his Allowance of the Payment: They are, in general, Payments, of specific

Sums for certain Services; and therefore the Warrant, either indorsed, or with a separate Receipt, is the Voucher for allowing the Payment; to which must be added the Production of such Warrants, and of such Accounts, Dfts, or other Papers or Instruments, as are alluded to in the Warrants, or connected with the Payments.

The Auditor, having thus examined the Articles in the Pay Office Account with their correspondent Vouchers, reduces the Account into the official Form of the Exchequer, under the Divisions of, the Charge, and Discharge: He does not range the Articles m either Division, exactly under the same Heads of Service, nor in the same Order as they stand in the Pay Office Account, hut disposes them according to his own Ideas.

The First Article in the Discharge is the Surplusage on the last declared Account. In the Account of a Paymaster General, the Amount of his Discharge usually exceeds that of his Charge: The latter consists of what he has received in the Year, and no more; but the former contains Payments made both in that and in fub-sequent Years. Extraordinary Services incurred in any Year, are not voted until the succeeding Year; but many of them are paid in the Year, and all Payments of them, though made in subsequent Years, are entered in the Account of the Year in which they are incurred. Such of them as are paid in that Year, are paid either out of the Vote of Credit, or out of Money voted for the ordinary Services of the Year, but not applied, those Services not having come in Course of Payment. When these Extraordinaries are granted, the Sum that has been thus borrowed from the Ordinary Service is replaced: Hence the Sum paid in the Year being greater than the Sum received, leaves the Paymaster General in Surplusage.

One material Distinction between the Account of the Pay Office and that of the Auditor, is under the Head of Extraordinaries: These Payments are made either with, or without, Account; the Warrant generally expresses which; if jt is silent, the Auditor himself uses his Discretion, and judges from the Nature of the Service in which Clals he shall consider the Payment. Where a Sum is issued on Account, the Person to whom it is directed to be paid becomes the Accountant; and where the Payment is in Discharge of a Bill drawn upon the Treasury from Abroad, the Warrant directs the Auditor to charge the Drawer of the Bill with the Value, and in that same the Drawer becomes the Accountant.

In the Pay Office Account, no particular Attention is paid, in any Part of it, to this Difference in the Mode of Issue; those who have received Money subject to Account, and those who have received without Account, are inserted promiscuously among the other Contingencies and Extraordinaries: But in the official Account of the Exchequer, the Auditor of the Imprest collects together the Names of all those who have received Sums on Account, and, unless they have either passed or settled their Accounts before the Paymaster General’s Account of the Year is made up, he sets them insuper, that is, he inserts them all together, with the Sums received by each, in a List at die Foot of the Account, which is called the Lift of Insupers. If any of the Sub-accountants have passed their Accounts in the Auditor’s Office, or produced them to him settled elsewhere, before the Account of the Year in which they received these Sums is made up, in that same they are omitted in the Insuper Lift, but are inserted together in the Discharge, under the Head of Payments to Persons, for which they have accounted. The Paymaster General has Credit in this Account for the Amount of the Insuper Lift; and in his succeeding Year’s Account he is charged in the First Article with the same gross Sum, deferred

23 Geo. III. 3 id MartiL 329

scribed as depending upon sundry Persons, and Handing Insuper upon them in the last Account.

' If any of these Sub-accountants pass or settle their Accounts after the Account of the Year is made up* the Auditor classes them together in the next Year’s Account, and gives the Paymaster General Credit for them in his Discharge, and dcdu&s the Amount of them from the grots Sum of Insupers depending, entered at the Foot of that succeeding Year's Account. Where any of them pass their Accounts in the Time of a succeeding Paymaster, and receives Balances from him, they are clatfed in his Discharge under the Head of Money accounted for.

Where a Pertbn is once let Insuper, he must continue subject to Account until he is cleared by the Auditor. He may be cleared, either by passing his Account before the Auditor, or by producing to him his Account settled elsewhere; in either Cafe, the Auditor enters, in the Margin of that Account in which he . Hands insuper, opposite to his Name, the Year in which he is cleared. Where he passes his Account before the Auditor, and a Balance is due from him, the Auditor ' certifies that Balance to the Treasury, and he is directed,

by a King’s Warrant, to pay it either to the Paymaster General, or into the Exchequer; upon Production to the Auditor of that Warrant, indorsed by the Paymaster General, where it is paid to him, or of a Pay Office Certificate, that it is lb paid, or of the Tally, where it is paid into the Exchequer, the Auditor writes at the Bottom of the Account " Even and quit," and clears the Insuper. If the Account is settled elsewhere, and the Accountant produces a Warrant with the settled Account annexed, directing him to pay the Balance either to the Paymaster General or into the Exchequer, with the Indorsement or Certificate in the one Cale, or the Tally in the other, the Auditor clears the Insuper. If, upon the Account being palfed or settled, the Balance is due to the Accountant, the "Warrant directing the Paymaster General to pay him that Balance, indorsed by the Accountant, being produced to the Auditor by the Paymaiu r General, as his Voucher for that Payment, the Insuper will be cleared; and these arc the only Means (unless by Special Warrant obtained for that particular Purpose) by which a Sub Accountant of this Description can be cleared.

The official Account, drawn up by the Auditor, is neither signed nor sworn to by the Paymaster General; his Attestation upon Oath of the Pay Office Account (which comprehends all the Receipts and Payments of the Year) and of the Regimental Account, is Efficient. Two Parts of the official Account are ingrossed; and it is declared, and passed through the Exchequer Offices in like Manner as the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy. The Total Charge upon the Paymaster General, in this Account of the Year 1767, amounted 19. 2. to Two Millions Two hundred Twenty-one thousand Five hundred Twenty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings L 1.881.H1. 17. 7. and Two Pence; and his Total Discharge, to One Million Eight hundred Eighty-one thousand One hundred Forty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence.

The Pay Office Book of Account includes not only the Receipts and Payments for the Army Services, but also those on Account of Chelsea Hospital: The Auditor of the Imprelts separates the Accounts of the Paymaster General of the Forces from those of the Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and forms them into Two distinfit Accounts.

The Account of the Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital consists of the Charge and Discharge 1 The Charge is coniposed of the Deductions of the Poundage, and the One Day’s Pay stopt from the Pay of the Forces, and of the Poundage stopt from the Vo l. 3D.

Payment to the Agent for the Out Pensioners: The Ninth Discharge includes the Payments of Salaries, and for KcP»rt Provisions, Necelfarics, and contingent Expences of the ^nCCOuUi3. Hospital, and to the Agent for the Out Pensioners.

Part only of the Poundage is applied to the Use of Chcl- sea Hospital; the other Part is expended in the Payment of the Exchequer Fees and of various Salaries; but all the Payments out of this Fond, of whatever Kind, are included hi this Hospital Account.

The Vouchers for the Salaries are. The Establish-ment, and the King’s Warrants, either indorsed by, or with the separate Receipts of, the Parties. The Vouchers for the Provisions, Necessaries, and Contingent Expences, are, The Warrants of the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the Hospital, with the Bills annexed, arid, the Receipts of the Parties. The Auditor examines the Computations and Caftings, but forms no Judgment upon the Realbnableness or Propriety of the Articles; the Allowance of the Commissioners is decisive as to the Consideration of the Payment. The Sum for the Out Pensioners is a specific Sum, voted by Parliament for that Purpose; and is paid, pursuant to the Warrant of the Commissioners, to the Agent for those Pensioners; who is a Public Accountant, and passes an Annual Account of the Sum he receives before the Auditor of the Imprefi. This Hospital Account is reduced into the official Form; it is declared, and passes through the Exchequer Offices in like Manner as that of the Pay-inaltcr General of the Forces.

Among the Subjects that have occurred to us in the Progress of this Enquiry, there are many which furnish Matter of Observation.

The Pay of the Army is the first in Order that presents itself to us. By means of the Examinations above-mentioned, and of the Inspection of the Establishment, and Regimental Account Books, together with the Examinations of Charles Marsh, Esquire, an Assistant Clerk No in the War Office, and of James Esquire, an N* 5,*

Agent to several Regiments, we have been enabled to trace this extensive Branch of the Public Expenditure through its various Mazes.

The Establishtnent under the Royal Sign Manual, with the Regulation of the Subsistence, and the Warrants direfiting the Deductions, annexed thereto, is the Instrument that regulates the Pay of the Army *. It contains the Distribution of the whole Sum voted by Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Land Forces, in certain Portions, among the several Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Garrisons: The Portion to which weffiaH confine our Attention, is that which is allotted to a inarching Regiment of Foot. This Portion is divided into Five Parts: The Pay, and Four Allowances. Th6 First, is the full Pay of the Officers and private Men, by the Day and the Year; The Second is the Allowance to Widows; The Third, to the Colonel, and for Clothing loft by Deserters; The Fourth to the Captain, and for Recruiting, <§c.; The Fifth, to the Agent. The Allowance for Widows is a Sum equal to the Pay of Two private Men: The other Three conipose together a Sum equal to the Pay of Four private Men; these are called Warrant Men: And the Sum is thus distributed: — First, The Allowance to the Colonel consists of Two Parts; the Subsistence of One Man, which is for his own Use; and the gross Off-reckonings of the Four Men, which fall into, and form a Part oft the Division called the Off-reckonings. Secondly, The Allowance to the Captain is the Subsistence of Two Men: This id not for his own Use; but for the Purpose of Recruiting; and, therefore, is placed by the Agent to the Non-effective Fund. Thirdly, The Allowance to the Agent is the Subsistence of One Man; and is for his own Use.

We endeavoured to trace these Divisions in the

4 P Establishment

330

31° Mar lit. A. 1783.

Ninth

Report on public Accounts.

N* 6.

N° 7.

N° 8. K’9-

Establishment to their Origin; and learned, from the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to contider the State of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines in the Year 1746, that these Allowances were first added to the Establishment in the Year 1717. This led us to the War Office for l’uch Documents as were to be found there, and could throw Light upon the Subject. They transmitted to us Copies of Two Establishments of a Regiment of Foot; the First, dated the 25th of December' 1716, which contained only

the Pay of the Officers and Men; the Second, dated the 25th of August 1717, in which, besides the Pay, was infbrted the Allowance for Widows, consisting of the Pay of One Private Man only. We received, like-wife, from them Copies of Two Letters from Mr.

Pulteney, the then Secretary at War; the one to the Com miliary General of the Musters, dated 11 th August 1716 j the other to the Earl of the then Pay-

master General of the Forces, dated lit of February 1716-17, together with a Copy of the Distribution alluded to in that Letter, and of the King’s Warrant to the Paymaster General of the Forces, dated the 15th of July 1717. We may collect from these Papers, that, previous to this Period, these Allowances were existing, but in a different Shape. Five fictitious Men in each Company had been passed upon the Musters, and their Pay had been applied in these Allowances. The Warrant of the 15th of July 1717 discontinues the Five fictitious Men upon the Muster Rolls, but continues their Pay, and subjoins it to the Pay of the Regiment, at the Foot of the Establishment, disposing it in the Four Divisions above-mentioned; in which it has continued ever since. The Allowance for Widows, included in the Pay upon the Old Establishment, was the Pay of One private Man only; but in the New one, it was iucrcafed to the Pay of Two. Besides these Warrant Men, each Company has One, Two, or Three Non-effectives, according to the Number of which the Company consists, called Contingent Men; whole Sub-fiftenccis paid to the Captain, for the Purpose of keeping the Arms in Repair, and of defraying other contingent Expences of the Company.

The Paymaster General, whose Province it is to issue all those Sums, is obliged to make a Division of his Ifl’ucs different from that in the Establishment: He mult attend not only to the Divisions he finds there, but also to the Regulation of the Subsistence, to the Fund appropriated for the Clothing the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, and to the Warrants directing the Deductions. Hence he forms a Division of his own, engrafted upon the Divisions and Regulations in the Establishment: It consists of Six Parts — The Subsistence — The Allowance for Widows — (these Two he takes from the Establishment) — The Poundage — -The Hospital — The Off-reckonings — and, The Clearings. — The last Four are consequential to, and formed out of, the Establishment, with the Regulations and the Warrants taken together. Under feme one or other of these Heads he issues in Portions, at different Times, the whole Sum (except the Allowance for Widows, and unless there are Respites) allotted to the Regiment. Under the Head of Subsistence, he issues — the Subsistence either of the whole Regiment, or of the Effectives only, if so directed by the Secretary at War — the Subsistence of the One Warrant Man which belongs to the Colonel — the Subsistence of the Two Warrant Men, which is the Allowance to the Captain for Recruiting, tscs — and, the Subsistence of the remaining Warrant Man, which is the Allowance to the Agent Under the Head of Allowance to Widows, he issues to the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions so much as he requires for that Service; the Remainder either continues in his Hands, as a Saving, until Parliament directs its Application, or is applied by him in the

mean Time towards the Payment of the Extraordinaries. The Deductions of the Poundage, and Hof-pitnl, he applies to the Support of Chelsea Hospital, and to such other Purposes as he is directed by the King’s Warrants to apply them. Under the Head of Off-reckonings, he issues to the Assignee of the Colonel a Sum which is the Difference between the Full Pay and the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, and of the Four Warrant Men, arid of the Contingent Men, deducting from that Sum the Poundage, Hospital, and Agency upon their Full Pay. Under the Head of Clearings, he issues Sums of Three Denominations; First, The commissioned Officers Arrears, that is, the Difference between their Full Pay and Subsistence, deducting the Poundage on their Full Pay, and the Hospital; Secondly, So much of the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men as has not been issued under the Head of Subsistence; Thirdly, The Agency, that is, Two Pence in the Pound upon the Full Pay of the Regiment. Where the Poundage is directed to be returned to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, he issues it under the Head of Returned Poundage. Three of these Divisions, The Subsistence, The Clearings, and, The Returned Poundage, are issued to the Agent; who disposes of them in this Manner: The Subsistence of the Commissioned Officers he pays to them, including that of One of the Warrant Men to the Colonel: The Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers, and effective Private Men, he pays to the Regimental Paymaster: He places to the non-effective Fund the non-effective Subsistence, including that of Two of the Warrant Men: The Subsistence of the remaining Warrant Man he retains to his own Use. Of the Clearings, he pays to each Officer his Share of the Arrears: He places the non-issued Subsistence to the non-effective Account; and retains the Agency to his own Use. The Returned Poundage he pays to the Regimental Paymaster without Deduction. The Assignee of the Colonel applies the Nett Off-reckonings to the Payment of the Bills, and all other Expences attending the Clothing: The Surplus he places to the Credit of the Colonel. The Regimental Paymaster detains out of the Subsistence of the Serjeants Two Pence, and of the Corporals Three Halfpence, and of the Private Men One Penny a Week; which is equally divided between him and the1 Surgeon; but this Deduction is returned to them again.

From hence we may collect the Articles of which the actual Pay received by the Officers and Men is composed. The Colonel has his own Subsistence, that of One Warrant Man, his Arrears, and the Saving from the Clothing of his Regiment. The Captain has his own Subsistence, that of One, Two, or Three Contingent Men, according to the Establishment of his Regiment, and his Arrears. The other Commissioned Officers have their Subsistence and Arrears. ’ The Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men have their Subsistence, and the Allowance to the Regimental Paymaster and Surgeon, returned back to them. The Private Men receive back likewise their Poundage.

We have been considering the Pay of a Marching Regiment of Foot only. In other Corps, the Divisions, Allowances, and Deductions, are different. In the Establishment of a Regiment of Dragoons, the Allowance for Widows is not so much as the One Day’s Pay of Two Private Men; and it is entirely omitted in the Establishment of the Invalids. In many Cafes, the Pay, or Parts of the Pay, are exempt from the Poundage and Hospital: The Poundage is returned to none but the private Men of the Foot Guards and marching Regiments, and to the Effectives only. The Cavalry have an Allowance of Grals Money; which in Time of Peace is paid out of the Allowance for keeping the Horses; and in Time

23 Geo. III.

31 "Mar

33*

of War, is an Article in the Contingent Account of the Regiment.

The Clothing of the Invalids is not committed to the Colonel or Commanding Officer, but to the Paymaster General of the Forces.

This Description of the Pay of the Army, (hews it to be apportioned and issued in a Manner complicated and intricate. It is so compounded and decompounded, that, without a very curious and minute Investigation, it is hardly possible for an Officer to know whether he receives in any Year all that he is entitled to for his Service.

It is not our Intention to convey any Opinion upon the Quantum of the Pay of the Army. We do not mean either to increase or diminish what any one Person, in the Scale of Military Rank, receives at this Day as the Compensation for his Service: We call in Question the Propriety of no one Article of Advantage that may accrue to him under the present System of Payment: It is not within our Province, nor are we competent to decide upon Military Merit, or settle the Stipends for Military Services. The Object of our Regulations is the Mode of Payment only, and the rendering that Mode more funple and intelligible, more uniform and equal.

In the Regulation of an Office, it is prudent to keep as near as possible to the Forms in Use: The less they are departed from, the less averse will the Officers be to admit the Improvement.

The Establishment which pursues the Estimate for the Army Services, presented to the House of Commons, and is the Instrument that contains the Distribution of the Sum granted for that Service, originates in the War Office; and the Authority for every Payment made by tire Paymaster General, pursuant to that Establishment, passes through the same Office: Consequently every Alteration in the Mode of Payment, must take its Rife there likewise.

The First Source of Perplexity in the present Mode of paying the Army is found in the Establishment: The Sum therein allotted for a Regiment, is distributed among the several Ranks, as if it were the actual Pay of the Persons in such Ranks, and in many of the Warrants, directing the Disposition of that Sum, it is stiled the Pay of the Forces; whereas, not a Person therein described, does in FaCfc receive, either by the Day or the Year, the Sum affixed as the Pay of his Rank.

The Services to which the Sum allotted for a Regiment is at present applied, are these: The Subsistence and Arrears of the Officers — The Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers — The Subsistence and Returned Poundage of the private Men — The Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men — The Recruiting Fund — and The Agency: These are Services that immediately concern the Regiment: The rest are more remote, and relate to the Military Service in general; as, the Relief of the Widows, Chelsea Hospital, and the other miscellaneous Services paid out of the Poundage.

The Establishment of a Regiment would become more simple and intelligible, if it were relieved from all these Services, except the Pay of the Officers and private Men, and if the Divisions of the Sums therein Hated were made conformable to the afitual Pay of the several Ranks. To effect this, the fictitious Men, both Contingent and Warrant Men, must be suppressed; the Allowance to Widow’s, and the Deductions of the Poundage and Hospital, must be abolished; separate specific Funds, formed upon Estimate, must be substituted for the Clothing, the recruiting Service, Widows, Chelsea Hospital, and the other mif'cella-neous Services now paid out of the Poundage; and distinct Accounts must be kept of the Expenditure of each.

Vol. 39.

As it is not our Intention to -propose any Variation Ninth in the Quantum of the Pay actually received by any Report Person in the Establishment; so neither do we mean to alter the Quantum of the Subsistence, but to keep ccoun v it as it is now, distinct from the Full Pay. There may be very good Reasons for the present Practice of retaining a certain Portion of the Pay for some Time, to be issued afterwards at a proper Season. — The Establishment, freed from the Provision for the Services above-mentioned, will consist of the Subsistence and Arrears only; the Pay will continue to be issued under these Two Denominations, and the Account of the Full Pay of a Regiment, in the Regimental Account Book in the Pay Office, will be comprized in the same Two Divisions only. But the Calculation of the Pay in the Establishment must be varied: It is at present made upon an even integral Sum by the Day and the Year; for Instance, the Calculation for a marching Regiment, in the Establishment of the«

Year 1767, is this: Forty-seven Men, at Eight Pence each, is by the Day One Pound Eleven Shillings and Four Pence; and for Three hundred Sixty-five Days,

Five hundred Seventy-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence. The full Pay of a Private Man, at Eight Pence a Day, is Twelve Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence by the Year; this Sum being subject to the Deductions of the Poundage, and One Day’s Pay, which amount to Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence, is reduced thereby to Eleven Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence; a proportional Deduction from Light Pence, the Days Pay, will reduce it to Seven Pence Halfpenny and One hundred and Four- , teen Three hundred Sixty-fifth Parts of a Farthing; ' *-II? a fractional Sum very inconvenient for Multiples, and perplexing to the Calculation.. If the Calculation in the Establishment be made upon the Subsistence as it is now regulated, and which is an even Sum, and a Third Column be added for the Arrears, that is, for what remains due to them for their full Year’s Pay, over and above their Subsistence (the greatest Part of which is now included in one Sum in the Clearings) the Total of the Column of Arrears, added at the Bottom to the Total of the Subsistence, will be the Sum allotted for the Year’s Pay of that Regiment.

The Arrears of the Commissioned Officers (the Colonel and Captains excepted) will coufift of the same Sums as are now calculated in the Clearings, and paid to them by the Agents; and the Arrears of the private Men will be the returned Poundage, as it is now calculated, and issued under that Head, provided and so long as it shall be His Majesty's Pleasure to continue this Bounty to them.

The Abolition of the Poundage will c&ufe a Vari* ation in the Calculation of the Half Pay Establishment.

The Sum to be paid to each Officer is at present calculated by the Day; and to the Half Pay Lift is annexed a Warrant, directing a Deduction of Six Pence in the Pound to be made from the Payments: The reduced Officers are paid every Six Months, and at that Time this Deduction is made. As we have no Intention to alter the Quantum of the Sum paid to any Person upon this Lift, if the present Mode of calculating be continued, and the Poundage be deduced, the Day’s Pay must be reduced in the Proportion that Six Pence bears to One Pound, that is. One Fortieth Part; which will confute the Calculation in a Manner similar to that above-mentioned, relative to the full Establishment.

No Reason occurs to us why the Calculation may not be made by the Half Year, instead of by the Day; especially as we find, at the End of this Establishment, that the Half Pay of the Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, is calculated, not by the Day, but for Three hundred Sixty-five Days.

By abolishing the Contingent and Warrant Men,

we

531 5i Martii. 1783.

Ninth we do not mean to take away the Advantages of the Report Colonel, Captain, and Agent, derived from their Pay: on I’liblie 'pjie (jol0ncl has the Subsistence of One, and the Agent Aicounts. an<jther, of the Warrant Men; the Captain has the Subsistence of the Contingent Men. No Realba occurs why these Sums of Subsistence should not be added to the Subsistence of the Colonel and Captain in the Establishment; and why the Agent should not be inserted in it, instead of being placed among the Allowances, with his Agency entered in the Column of Arrears: This will cause no Variation in the Mode of Issue; for these Sums of Subsistence are now issued with the Regimental Subsistence, and the Agency is a Part of the Clearings.

Where the Pay of the Officers is subjefifc to the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, the Paymaster General detains them out of their Pay in his Office, and pays them to the Receivers; but, as we propose that all Officers should receive the entire Sums which will be allotted to them for their Pay in the Establishment without Deduction, under the Heads of Subsistence and Arrears, their afitual Pay continuing the fame, these Duties mutt be paid out of the Fund to be created to satisfy those Services, to which the Poundage is at present applicable.

The final I Deductions of One Penny a Week from the Subsistence of each of the private Men, of Three Halfpence from the Corporal, and of Two Pence from the Serjeant, are equally divided between the Regimental Paymaster and the Surgeon, but are repaid by the King’s Bounty, out of the Extraordinaries. As the Surgeon is now upon the Establishment, this Emolument of his may he added either to his Subsistence or Arrears; and the Regimental Paymaster may be put upon the Establishment, and his Share entered in the like Manner.

The other Services that have hitherto been provided for out of the gross Sinn allotted for a Regiment, and for which we propose specific Funds, are, The Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, and The Recruiting Service; together with thol'e to which this Sum has been contributory, the Relief of Officers Widows, Chelsea Hol'pital, and certain mil’eel-laneous Services.

The Fund for the Clothing is the Net Oft’-reckonings, that is, the Difference between the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men and their Full Pay, after deducting the Poundage, Hospital, and Agency upon their Full Pay. Though the total Sum allotted for a Regiment is directed by the Pay Warrant to be paid to the Colonel, and his Agent indorses it; yet this Clothing Fund is not applied by the Colonel himself: The Paymaster General is directed by the Mutiny Act to pay the Oft-reckonings to such Person only as has a regular Alignment of them: and, therefore, the Colonel always assigns them, either to the Clothier or to his own Agent: The Assignee receives them of the Paymaster General, and thereout defrays the Cost and all the Expences attending the Clothing; and for the Residue he accounts to the Colonel.

N° 10. We learn from Robert Esquire, Chief

Clerk in that Branch of the Office of the Comptroller of the Army Accounts that relates to the Clothing, in what Manner this Service is conducted. The Clothing this Part of the Army is entrusted to the Management of a certain Number of General Officers, called the Clothing Board, choien Annually by the Board of General Officers. This Clothing N° u. Board is governed by Instructions issued in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne. Upon a certain Day appointed by the Board, the Clothiers produce to them Patterns of the several Species of Clothing: After Examination, thol'e that are approved of arc feuled with the Seals of Three of the Board, and with the Office Seal, and delivered to the Clothiers.

03

After the Clothing is made up, it is reviewed by One of the Board appointed for that Purpose, taking Care that no one reviews the Clothing of his own Regiment.

Upon the Certificate of the reviewing General, that he has found the Clothing agreeable to the Patterns,

C* w *

the Clothing Board join to the Colonel’s Asignment their Certificate to the Paymaster General, that the Clothing has been viewed and approved, and desiring him to pay to the Assignee the Sum mentioned in the Assignment.

The Oft-reckonings being calculated upon the full Establishment, including the Non-effefitives, Contingent, and Warrant Men, and Clothing being procured for the Effectives only, a Surplus mbit accrue from this Fund to the Colonel; and the more defective the Regiment, the ’ greater will be that Surplus, and therefore different in different Regiments.

We do not mean to convey the most distant Idea, that we have the least Reason to imagine any undue Advantage has been taken of this Mode of Clothing-the Army by any Person whatl'oever; but we are well grounded in suggesting a Reform, where an Usage is open to A bulb.

The Principles upon which our Regulations pro-» ceed, lead us to reduce this vague Emolument to Certainty and Equality. From the Produce of a’ given Number of Years, an Average may be obtained of the Profit accruing to the Colonel from the Clothing; a Compensation for which may be made a Part of his Pay, and increase either his Subsistence or his Arrears in the Establishment, or both, in such Proportions as may be conliltent with the Regulations in Use. A specific Fund upon Estimate may be voted Annually for clothing every Corps that composes the Army, without Exception; and the Clothing Board may go one Step further than they do at present: As they pass their Judgment upon the Quality of the Patterns, they are equally competent to judge of the Price, and may therefore contract for the Clothing of every Corps; and when the Contract is completed they may, after Inspefition and Approbation, direfit the Paymaster General to pay to the Clothier the Price specified in the Contrafit, as they do now the Sum mentioned in the Assignment. One distinfit Account will then be kept in the Pay Office of the Clothing of the whole Army, as there is now of the Clothing of the Militia, for which a (pecific Sum is granted by Parliament; and to which, as well as to the Clothing the Invalids, the Regulations we have above suggested may, with equal Propriety, be extended.

The next to be provided for is the Recruiting Service:

The Fund at present applicable to that Purpose is compounded of the Subsistence of the Non-effefilives and of Two of the Warrant Men: The Disposition of it is regulated by His Majesty’s Warrant, dated 19th of n° 12. Febntary 1766. Should it be thought expedient, as it seems reasonable, to issue the Subsistence, not upon the full Establishment, but according to Muster, and to abolish the Warrant Men, this Fund will be extinguished; and to supply its Place a specific Fund must be created, and voted Annually upon Estimate, for the Purpose of recruiting the Army, and a distinfit Account kept in the Pay Office of the Issues under this Head of Service.

The Warrant that regulates this Recruiting Fund direfils, that the remaining Balance upon the Non-effefitive Account of a marching Regiment, after setting apart a certain Sum, shall be divided every Year among the Captains, provided it shall not exceed Twenty-Pounds to each: If their Interest in this Fund has been produfitive, they are not to be deprived of it because the Fund is abolished: Their Arrears should be iu-creased in the Establishment by a Sum equal to their Average Receipt out of this Fund for a given Number of Years.

Every

13 Geo. III. 31* Mar>333

Every Regiment and Corps in the Army will have an Interest in, and its Share of, the Two Funds for the Clothing and Recruiting; Such. Shares, when paid*, will not be placed in the Pay Office to the separate Account of the Regiment or Corps, but to the General Account of the Service: What is issued to the Agent will be charged by him to the Account of the Corps to which it belongs: The Accounts of thel'e Funds will resemble the Account of the Contingent Fund, as it is now kept in the Pay Office. One distinct Sum for Contingencies upon Account is inserted in the Establishment: A Payment out of that Fund is made to most of the Regiments and Corps in the Service; but every Payment is placed to One Account only, under the Head of Contingencies.

The Sum that has hitherto been allotted for this Service, is Tw enty thousand Pounds; and if it has exceeded that Sum, the Over-payments have been carried to the Account of the Extraordinaries, because not provided for in the Establishment. As the probable Contingencies may be easily estimated, a sufficient Sutn should be provided for that Service, that the Account may be preserved entire.

The First of the Services provided for by Contributions from the Pay of the Regiments and Corps, is the Relief of the Widows: This Service has no Connection with the Pay of a Regiment. The Propriety is apparent of substituting one separate Fund for this distinct Service, in the Place of a Fund composed of many Articles, fub-tracted from as many different Sums granted principally for other Purposes.

The other Two Contributions are, The Poundage, and The One Day’s Pay: Thel’e are blended together into One Fund; and applied for the Support of Chelsea Hospital, the Payment of the returned Poundage, and of certain Fees and Salaries.

Chelsea Hospital is another of those distinefc Services that requires to be provided for by a separate Fund: One Branch of it, the Support of the Out Pensioners, is at this Time a specific voted Service: A limilar independent Fund should be established to defray the Expences of the other Branch of this Charity.

If the returned Poundage be inserted in the Establishment, the Fees and Salaries will be the only Services remaining; and may be Annually provided for in like Manner by a separate estimated Sum; in which may be included a Provision for the Payment of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, and for any other contingent Expence that concerns the whole Army, and may have escaped our Attention or Inquiry.

The Number of independent Funds proposed to be established by these Regulations are Five: The Clothing — The Recruiting — The Widows — Chelsea Hospital — and The Miscellaneous Services. In classing the Services, with a View to determine how many separate Funds it may be necessary to create, the Number as well as Nature of the Services should be attended to It is inconvenient cither to multiply Funds unnecellariiy, or to incumber one Fund with too many, or with heterogeneous and unconnected Services.

The Accounts of all the Funds for specilic Services, in the Pay Office, should be balanced every Year, and as soon as possible after the Expiration of the Year, and the State of them transmitted to the War Office before the Grants of Parliament for the ensuing Year are voted, that the Secretary at War may be the better enabled to form his Estimates for the future Services.

Our Regulations have been applied to the Circumstances of a marching Regiment of Foot: In other of the Army Corps, as in the Guards, the Cavalry, the Invalids, the Militia, and the Marines, these Circumstances vary; but, probably, not so materially as to prevent the same Vo L. 39-

Regulations from being easily reconciled and made con- Ninth formable to such DistipCHons. Report!

The general Principle we have had in View is, that acmhuw» the Establishment should contain the real full Pay of every Person named or described therein, and nothing more; and that every other Service, or Oafs of Services, relative to the Army, fbouki he provided for by its own distinQ; Food,

The Advantages that are intended to be derived from the Regulations proposed are these; — to render the Army Establishment fitnple and intelligible — to reduce the actual Pay of each Officer and private Man throughout the Army to a Certainty, pod in firoilar Ranks to an Equality; each will know the Reward of Ids Service, and the Ground on which he: may claim it — -to relieve the Office that keeps the Accounts; and the Office that passes them, and the Agent, from much unnecefl’ary Trouble; no unimportant Confederation, in the present State of the Army Accounts. — The computing the Offreckonings, a Branch so extensive as to give a Title to one of the Officers in the Pay Office, will be at an End, and the Officer become undeceffafy — There will be no Computations and Callings of the Allowances to Widows,

Poundage and Hospital to form, enter, examine, and compare. The Amount of the Fund for the Allowance to Widows, in this Year 1767, was Fifteen thousand £.15,604. 17.

Six hundred and Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence; the Number of Articles that composed it was Sixty-four: The Poundage was Fiftyrtwo thousand £. 52,304. — — Three hundred and Four Pounds; and the Number of Articles Four hundred Ninety-two: The Hospital was Two thousand Six hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Five £. *,637.. 5. 7. Shillings and Seven Pence; and the Number of Articles Three hundred Fifty-nine; and in Time of War the Number of Articles is very much increased. The Account of every distinfit Service, or Class of Services* will be reduced to a finiple Debtor and Creditor Account; and the Public will every Year be made acquainted with the Amount of their Expence for each Service, and be the better able to judge where to retrench.

Another EffeQ; which these Regulations tend to' produce ought particularly to be mentioned: If the Estimates for these Services be confined to the probable Demands of the Year, and the Sums granted for them are applied, as they ought to be, as soon as the Services are incurred, the Fund of voted Services remaining unapplied, out of which the Extraordinaries have hitherto been paid, will be greatly diminished, if not totally exhausted, and Estimates for the Extraordinaries will then become in-dispenlhble.

We were pursuing our Enquiry, and proceeding in our Observations upon various Branches that grow out of the Subject Matter before us, the Result of which we intended should have formed a Part of this Report; when, finding from the Votes of the House of Commons, that the Pay Office of the Army was one of the Subjects of present Deliberation, we thought it our Duty to complete our Enquiry into that Office, and to submit our Proceedings, with such Observations as had occurred to us, upon the Manner of cortducting the Pay of the Army, that the Legislature might be ppflefied of such Information as has been disciofed to us‘ relative lo the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

Office of Accounts, T. Angui, (1. s.)

Surrey Street, . A. Rigg (l. s.)

29th March 1783. Rich* Neav (l. s.)

Sam! Beachrroft, (l. s.)

Geo. Dtum(l. s.)

4 Q APPENDIX.

Ninth Report on Public Account!.

334

APPENDIX.

N* i.

The Examination of Joseph Hughes, Esquire; taken upon Oath, upon several Days, between the 10th of January and 17th of February

1783-

This Examinant faith, That he is One of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest in the Office of Lord , and had the principal Share in making up. the final Account of Lord North and George , Esquire, Joint Paymaster General of the Forces, for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1767; which is- the last declared Account of a Paymaster General of the Forces. The Account for the subsequent Half Year, which was that of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, was declared before this Account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke.

The Materials of die Account for this Year, which were sent to the Office of the Auditor from the Office of the Paymaster General, were the following: A Book of Account; this Book, when complete, comprehends the Total Charge and Discharge as Paymaster General of the Forces for the Year: Five Books, containing the Establishments of the Guards and Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain; of the Forces in the Plantations; of the Forces in Minorca and Gibraltar; of the Irish Regiments in the Pay of Great Britain, and for the Half Pay: The Regimental Account Book, and the Poundage Book; the Lift of the Deductions for the Widows Pensions; the Imprest Roll; the Warrants, with the Papers they refer to annexed to them; and, the Receipts.

The Materials of an Account, which are generally the first transmitted from the Pay Office of the Army, are, The Book of Account, containing a Part of the Charge and Discharge, with some of the Vouchers, accompanied with a List of the Particulars; for which Book and Vouchers a Receipt is given: This Account is never sent complete at first; frequent Additions are made afterwards, both to the Charge and Discharge, until both are completed; nor are the Vouchers all delivered in at first complete. This Book, for the Year 1767, was delivered into the Office the 30th October 1779. It has been the Usage for the Accountant of the Pay Office to take the Account Book from the Office of the Auditor back to his own Office, and enter the Additions there, and return the Account Book, with the Vouchers, for those Additions, to the Auditor; the Vouchers, when once delivered in, are not permitted to be taken from the Office.

The Book of Account contains at the End, an Abstract of all the Heads and Sums in it; this Abstrafit, after the Account is examined, and the Balance agreed to, is signed by the Paymaster General, and he is l'worn to the Truth of the Account, before a Baron of the Exchequer.

The Discharge in the Book of Account, when first delivered in, generally consists of, the Payments to the General and Staff Officers, the Pay of the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, and to the Officers upon Half Pay, and Payments for Contingencies and Extraordinaries: The Office proceeds, immediately after the Receipt of the Account Book, upon the Examination of these Items; if there are any Mistakes, Oiniffions, or Articles that want Explanation, the Auditor puts a Query upon them, draws out the Substance of his Objections, and fends it to the Pay Office for their Answers: Sometimes they return their Answers in a short Time, and fumetimes not till a long while afterwards; and the

A. 1783.

Auditor is stopt in his Progress during that Time. When this Examination is near finished, Application is made to the Pay Office to complete the Charge and Discharge of that Year. After all the Materials are received and examined, the Account is reduced into the official Form.

In a complete Account, the Charge consists of the Sums imprested at the Exchequer, and the Voluntary Charge: The Voucher for the Imprest is the Imprest Roll; for some Part of the Voluntary Charge, Vouchers are produced; other Part is admitted without Vouchers; that Part of the Voluntary Charge for which Vouchers are produced, consists of Deductions from the Pay of the Forces, of Money received from the Treasury of Ireland, Profit by Remittances, Balances of Accounts, Sums received from Paymasters of the Forces and others, the Surcharge of Sums paid by the Remitters to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, and Balances of preceding Paymasters in the Hands of their Deputies, applied for the Service of the Paymaster in Office; for all these Items Vouchers are produced: That Part of the Voluntary Charge for which no Voucher is produced, is the Profits on Bills of Exchange; the Auditor has no Means of coming at the Knowledge of this Article, but from the Account given by the Pay Office.

The Deductions from the Pay of the Forces consist of, the Widows Pensions, the Duties of Twelve Pence and Six Pence in the Pound, and the Stoppages for Provisions: The Sum for the Widows Pensions appears from the Regimental Book of Account; the Two Duties appear from the Receipts of the Receivers; of the Stoppages, an Account is delivered in, signed by the Accountant of the Pay Office. The Money from Ireland is checked by the Certificate of the Deputy Vice Treasurer there, produced by the Paymaster; the Profit by Remittances is taken from an Account made up and signed by the Accountant of the Pay Office; the Balances of Accounts are checked by the Accounts themselves, either passed by or produced to the Auditor; and the Sums received from Paymasters of the Forces, by the King’s Warrants en-dorsed: Sums paid by the Remitters to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, are checked by the Accounts of those Remitters when palfed in the Office; or by their Certificates before the Accounts are palfed. The Balances of a former Paymaster in the Hands of his Deputy, and applied by the Paymaster General in Office, are checked by the Account of the former Paymaster General.

In the Discharge the Auditor allows no Payment made by the Paymaster General of the Forces, without the Authority of the King’s Sign Manual, countersigned either by the Secretary at War, or by Three Lords of the Treasury. Where the Sums issued come within the Directions of the Establishment, the Warrant is countersigned by the Secretary at War alone; where they are not within the Establishment, that is, for all the Extraordinary Services (except for the Contingencies not within the Establishment) the Warrant is countersigned by Three Lords of the Treasury only; for Contingencies not within the Establishment, the Warrant must be countersigned by both: Besides this Authority, the Auditor requires, as a Voucher for every Payment, the Receipt of the Person to whom it is made.

The Paymaster General fends to the Auditor’s Office, a Book, called the Regimental Account Book, containing the full Pay of the several Regiments, Troops, Companies, and Garrisons, according to the Establishment paid for that Year; the full Sum allotted to each Regiment, Troop, and Company, is divided into Six Parts, under the Denominations of The Poundage, The Hospital, The Subsistence, The Allowance for Widows, The Off-reckonings, and Clearings; the Page containing this Division, is signed by the Agent to the Regiment, Troop, or Company.

310 Martii.

33 Geo. III. 31 Marta. 335

The Auditor allows this Payment by the Authority of Two of the King’s Warrants, counteisigned by the Secretary at War; the one directing the Paymaster General to make out a Debenture complete for the Pay of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, agreeable to the Numbers borne upon the respective Establishments; the other directing the Paymaster General to pay to the Colonel of the Regiment, or Captain of the Troop or Company, the full Sum allotted to them by the Establishment. These Two Warrants above-mentioned, with the Acquittance of the Agent endorsed upon the Pay Warrant, and the Receipt of the Clothier, are the Vouchers for the Auditor.

In his Examination of the Sum paid for a Regiment, he first compares the gross Sum entered in the Regimental Account Book with the Sum allotted in the Elta-blishment j he then examines the Deductions of the Poundage, the Hospital, and the Allowance for Widows; he admits the State of the Subsistence and Clearings upon the Signature of the Agent; for the Off-reckonings, the Receipt of the Clothier or his Assigns is produced; he takes the like Steps in examining the Payments for the Troops and Companies. The Auditor proceeds in the same Manner in his Examination of the Sums paid to the Garrisons; the State of those Sums vary from the State of the Sums paid to Regiments, in the Number of the Deductions made from them.

The Regimental Book of Account is signed and sworn to by the Paymaster General before the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, after it is examined, and before the official Account is declared. The Authority for the Payment of the General and Staff Officers, is the King’s Warrant, dirt Cling the Pay, according to the Establishment, to the several Persons whose Names are in a List referred to by the Warrant, with the Sums due to them; and the Receipts of them, or their Assigns, are the Vouchers for the Allowance of the Payments: These Sums are compared with the Sums in the Establishment. A Bill for Contingencies is allowed, pursuant to the King’s Warrant, to which the Bill itself is annexed, directing the Sum to be paid to the Colonel of the Regiment; and the Indorsement of the Agent upon the Warrant, is the Voucher for the Payment: The Auditor examines the Computations and Callings; he can pal's no Judgment upon the l'eparate Items, the Truth of the Account is certified upon Honour by the Commanding Officer.

The Payments to the General and Staff Officers, and for the Regiments and Contingencies upon the Establishments at Minorca, Gibraltar, and in the Plantations,

are allowed upon Warrants and Vouchers similar to those upon which the Payments upon the Establishment in Great Britain are allowed.

Where Payments are made for Extraordinary Services in Great Britain, some of the Warrants direct specific Payments to particular Persons therein named; in this same the Warrant indorsed by the Perl'on receiving, is a sufficient Voucher; to some of the Warrants a Bill or Bills, containing the particular Items of the Sums directed to be paid, are annexed: The Auditor examines the Computations and Caftings, and allows the Payment upon the Indorsement of the Person entitled to receive it. If the Warrant directs the Sum to be paid upon Account, the Warrant indorsed is the Voucher for the Payment, and the Person to whom the Sum is directed to be paid, is set insuper upon the Account of that Year: Where a Sum for an Extraordinary Service is paid pursuant to a Warrant from a General or Commander in Chief, that Warrant, whether it is for a specific Sum, or a Final Warrant, with an Abstract of the various Payments annexed, must in general be produced to the Auditor; or if it is loft, or cannot be produced, a Certificate must be obtained from the Commanding Officer who issued it, that such a Warrant has been granted, and either the Vo l.39.

Indorsement must appear upon the Watraiit, or a fepa- Ninth rate Receipt of the Party, reciting the Date of the Report Warrant, must be produced as Evidence of the Payment. T ^*11 But another Step must also be taken before these Pay- c °un ments can be allowed: The Paymaster General presents a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, with a List annexed of the Payments made for the Extraordinaries by virtue of the Warrants of the Commander in Chiefj praying them to obtain the King’s Warrant to the Auditors of the Imprest, directing them to pals and allow in his Accounts the Sums so paid; the Lords of the Treasury refer this Memorial to the Auditors, to report whether it ought to be complied with; the Auditor reports, that the Payments in the Lift are included in the Discharge of the Paymaster General, and that the King’s Warrant will be necessary to authorize- the Allowance thereof; upon the Production of this Warrant, the Auditor allows it

An Account is made up at the Pay Office, of the Deductions from the Pay of the Forces of the Year for the Widows Pensions; this Account is compared by the Auditor with the several particular Items in the Regimental Book of Account; and the Indorsement of the Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions upon this Account, is the Voucher for the Paymaster General for the total Sum due on Account of those Pensions, and paid by him to the Deputy Paymaster:

The Number of Items that compose the total Sum for Widows Pensions for the Year 1767, was Sixty-four. Accounts are made out at the Pay Office, and certified by the Ledger Keeper, of the Amount of the Deductions of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties; the Receipts of the Receivers upon these Accounts are the Vouchers to the Auditor.

Where the King’s Warrant mentions or refers to Memorials, Certificates, or Reports, as necessary for the Payment directed by the Warrant, the Auditor requires the Production of those Instruments, or proper Certificates of them: Hence, in the Payment for the Clothing of the Invalids, the Vouchers produced to the Auditor are, The Memorial to the Treasury by the Paymaster General, desiring Directions to contract for the Clothing, with the Estimate of the Rates annexed; The Report of the Comptroller of the Army Accounts, pursuant to a Reference from the Treasury of this Memorial, directing him to consider the Memorial and Rates, and to inspect the Patterns, and his Certificate that the Patterns are approved, and that the Clothing is answerable to the Pattern; The Certificate of the Agents to the Invalids, that the Clothing has been provided by the Clothier, and sent to the Regiments and Companies; The Treasury Warrant directing the Secretary at War to prepare the King’s Warrant for authorizing the Payment of the Sum for Clothing to the Agent; and, The King’s Warrant so prepared, indorsed by the Agent and the Clothier.

The Paymaster General produces to the Auditor, an Account of the particular Sums paid by him for Half Pay to the Reduced Officers: The Vouchers produced to the Auditors to warrant these Payments are. The Half Pay Establishment, with the King’s Warrant for the Payment annexed, together with a Certificate that each Person is living, and not otherwise provided for by Government; and, The Receipt of each Person, or his Assigns; and where Persons have been put upon Half Pay after the Establishment has been made out, the particular Warrants arc required directing those Payments.

Where the Warrant or Voucher is loft, the Auditor has no discretionary Power, in any same whatever, to allow the Payment upon any other Evidence; the King’s Special Warrant must be obtained to authorize him to allow that Payment: To obtain such a Warrant, the Paymaster General presents a Memorial to the Treasury, praying them to obtain the King’s

Warrant,

Ninth Report on Public Accounts.

336 31 Marta. A. 1783.

Warrant, directing the Auditor to* allow die Payments in a List annexed, upon a Suggestron that the Vouehefs have been lost or mislaid. This Memorial is referred to the Auditors, and upon their Report the Warrant is obtained, and the Payments allowed upon that Authority.

Where a Balance in the Hands of a Deputy Paymaster General is applied for the Service of the Successor, a Warrant is obtained for the Allowance of that Balance, upon the Report of the Auditor to the Treasury, that it is charged in the Account of the Successor.

The Tally is the Evidence of Sums paid into the Exchequer.

At the End of every Year’s Account is added a List of all those Persons to whom Money has been issued by the Paymaster General on Account during that Period, and not cleared before the Account is made up: The Names on this Lift are not ranged Alphabetically; the same Warrant often contains many Names; and those Names must be inserted together as they Hand in the Warrant: The Paymaster General has Credit for the Sums lb issued on Account; but the Persons receiving become accountable: The First Article in the Charge of his succeeding Account is the grots Sum so issued, as it appears at the Foot of his last Account. All these Accountants ought to pass their Accounts in the Office of the Auditor: Many of them do pals their Accounts there j others produce to the Paymaster General an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Sum thus issued to them, annexed to the King’s Warrant, direfiting him to pay the Balance, and directing the Auditor to allow it; upon Production of this Warrant, endorsed, with the Account annexed, the Auditor allows it, without requiring the Vouchers for the Items in the Account. For these Insupers, whole Accounts are either passed by the Auditor, or settled elsewhere, the Paymaster General has Credit in his Account; and in the Margin of that Account, in which the Person is set insuper opposite to his Name, is entered by the Auditor the Year in which l'uch Insuper is cleared; and the Sums thus cleared are deducted from the gross Sum depending Insuper at the Foot of that Account.

The Insuper Accountants are never put in Process by the King’s Remembrancer until the final Account of the Paymaster General is passed, because they frequently clear their Insupers before that Time. Where a Person to whom Money has been issued on Account, pafles or settles his Account in a subsequent Year of the same Paymaster, but before the Account of the Year in which he received it is made up, he is not inserted in the Lift of Insupers, but the Paymaster General has Credit in his Discharge for the Sum so issued, and that Article is ranged in the official Account under the Head of Money accounted for.

Wherever the King’s Warrant directs the Money to be issued on Account, the Person receiving it is set infu[>er by the Auditor, unless cleared by him before the Account is made up.

Where the Warrant directs the Money to be paid in Discharge of Bills drawn upon the Treasury from Abroad, it directs at the same Time the Auditor to charge the Drawer of the Bill with the Money; in that Cafe, the Drawer of the Bill is set insuper. Many Warrants for Extraordinary Services do not specify whether the Sum is to issue with or without Account; in that Cafe, the Auditor ules his Discretion, and judges from the Nature of the Service whether he shall let the Person receiving insuper, or not; if once set insuper, he must continue subjefit to Account until he is cleared by the Auditor. If the Auditor pafles his Account, and a Balance is due from him, upon a Certificate of such Balance from the Auditor to the Treasury, he is directed by the King’s Warrant to pay that

Balance to the Paymaster General; upon Production of that Warrant, endorsed by the Accountant of the Paymaster General, or a Pay Office Certificate that he has paid it in, tire Auditor, at the Foot of his Account, writes that he is even and quit: If his Account is settled elsewhere, and he is directed by Warrant to pay his Balance to the Paymaster General, or the Warrant directs the Paymaster General to pay him the Balance, upon Production of these Warrants, with the Accounts annexed, to the Auditor, his Insuper will be cleared j if he is directed to pay his Balance into the Exchequer, upon Production of his Tally his Insuper will be cleared; and by no other Means, that he know s of, can an Insuper be cleared, unless by special Warrant obtained for that Purpose.

Where a Person, set insuper in the Account of a former Paymaster, afterwards pafles his Account, and receives a Balance from the Successor, such Balance is inserted in the Discharge of the official Account by the Auditor, under the Head of Money accounted for. None of the Insupers in the final Accounts of Lord Holland, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord North and Mr. Cooke, and of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, have been cleared in Lord Sondes's Office; but some of them have their Accounts depending in the Auditor’s Office.

The Heads under which the Articles of the Account are ranged by the Auditor in the official Form, vary from those in the Book of Account: In the Auditor s Account, all the Payments under each Establishment are kept separate and distinfit from each other. The Extraordinaries are ranged in this Year’s Account under Four Heads; Extraordinaries in North America; those in Great Britain, and elsewhere; those allowed for Vouchers lost or mislaid; and, the Insupers. In the Pay Office Account, the Insupers are not collected together, but inserted promiscuously amongst the other Contingencies and Extraordinaries: The felefiting the Insupers, and the Examination and Calculation of the several Deductions, are troublesome, and take up much Time in the Office of the Auditor. The official Account is neither signed nor sworn to by the Paymaster General; it is declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Two other Lords of the Treasury: Two Parts of it are made up in the Office; One on Paper, kept in the Office; the other on Parchment, which pafles through the Exchequer Offices.

The final Account of Lord Holland for Six Months, ending at Midsummer 1765, has been ready, as far as the Auditor was euabled to proceed with it, ever since, as he believes, the Year 1778, and the Two Parts have been ingross’ed for upwards of Two Years; since which, frequent Additions having been made to the Account, those Additions have from Time to Time been made to the Engroflments: It now w'aits for the only acting Executor of Lord Holland to strike the Balance, and attest the Account; frequent Applications have been made to him from the Office for that Purpose, but without EftcCt.

The Auditor is frequently retarded in completing the Accounts, from the Pay Office not regularly attending to his Applications.

The Accounts of Mr. Charles Townshend, and of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, and of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, though subsequent to the final Account of Lord Holland, have been declared since that Account, so far as the Auditors were concerned, was ready for" Declaration. In October last, the Book of Lord Holland’s final Account was taken to the Pay Office to have it completed, and Two Additions to the Charge, arising from Errors in the Account, were pointed out by the Auditor; at that Time the Balance was agreed with the Pay Office, to be Sixty-eight thousand and Eight Pounds, including the Two above-mentioned Additions to the Charge, and by them

wrote

53 Geo. III. 31° Martii.

337

"wrote with a Pencil into the Book of Account; since Which, other Additions have been made to the Charge, and the present Balance of this Account of Lord land's, as it now stands, is One hundred Fourteen thoui'and Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence.

So much of the Sum deducted for the Allowance to Widows, pursuant to the Establishment, as is applied during the Year to that Service, is paid to the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, who pafles his Accounts before the Auditor.

The Receivers of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties also pass their Accounts before the Auditor.

The Deductions of the Poundage and Hospital are hot liireharged by the Auditor in his Account of the Paymaster General of the Forces, but in his Account as Treasurer and Paymaster of Chelsea Hospital, an Annua) Account of which he makes out at the same Time; and these Deductions are the only Charge upon him in that Account.

The Vouchers for the Discharge are produced by the Deputy Treasurer, and coniift of, The Establish-inent, The King’s Warrants, The Warrants of the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the Hospital, Bills of Particulars, and, Receipts of the Parties: The Discharge consists in general of Payments of various Salaries, and for Provisions, Necefiaries, and contingent Expences of the Hospital; the Vouchers for the Salaries are, The Establishment, The King’s Warrants, and, The Receipts of the Parties; the Vouchers for the Provisions, Necefiaries, and contingent Expences, are, The Warrants of the Commissioners, with the Bills annexed, and, The Receipts of the Parties.

The Auditor examines the Computations and Callings, but not the Propriety of the several Articles; the Bills are allowed by the Commissioners, and the Auditor can form no Judgment upon them.

The Sum for the Out Pensioners is paid by the Commissioners Warrant to the Agent of the Out Pensioners, who pafles an Annual Account before the Auditor.

The Paymaster General is usually in Surplusage in his Account as Paymaster General, because the Extraordinary Services incurred in that Year, are placed to the Account of that Year, though not paid until the succeeding Years, and with Money voted in the succeeding Years.

Jos. Hughes.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich'1 Noirec,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 2.

The Examination of Charles Bcmbridge, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 30th January, 4th and 2 lit February 17S3.

This Examinant faith. That the Book of a Year’s Account font from the Pay Office to the Auditor of the Imprest, when completed, contains all the Receipts and Payments of the Paymaster General of the Forces of that Year; these Receipts and Payments are taken from Entries in the Ledgers, and are digested under Heads of Service. That Part of the Voluntary Charge under the Head of, Gain by Exchange, is made out by the Accountant, of the Pay Office, and certified to the Auditor; it arises from the Difference between the Value at which the Dollar is estimated by the Contractor for remitting in England, and issued by the Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar and Minorca-, the estimated Value of the Dollar being lei's than the Value at which it is issued, the Paymaster General charges himself with the Difference.

Vo 1. 39.

The. Poundage Account, and the Lift of the Al- Ninth lowance to Widows, are taken from the Regimental Report Account Book; thele Sums being allowed to the Pay- °n p,t>',c master General in the Credit which he takes for the fC0U,lt9‘ Pay of each Regiment, and not being paid by him, he inserts them in his Charge. The Deductions of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties are made from the Pay of the Officers subject to those Duties at the Time they are paid, but the Paymaster General takes Credit for the full Pay, and mult therefore charge himself with those Duties. The Stoppages for Provisions are collected from the Accounts of the Deputy Paymasters, the Paymaster General having Credit for the full Subsistence; but having issued leis by the Amount of the Stoppages, pursuant to the Warrants of the Commanders in Chief, must charge him-lelf with that Amount. Wherever the Paymaster General applies Money belonging to any other Paymaster General, he must surcharge himself with that Sum, and that other Paymaster General must have Credit for it.

Where the Auditor disallows an Article, the Mode he purlues, is not by linking out the Article, but by surcharging it on the Accountant. The Sums actually received by the Paymaster General, either from other Paymasters General, or for Balances on Accounts settled, are usually directed. to be paid to him or his Deputies by Warrants, either from the King or from Commanders in Chief. The Allowance to Widows is grounded upon the Establishment, signed by the King; it is deducted from the full Pay of the Forces, and issued to the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, an Officer appointed for that Purpose: This Fund

produces Annually much more than is applied to that Service. The Regimental Account Book contains the full Pay (unless there are Respites) of every Regiment,

Troop, and Company, in the Pay of Great Britain during that Year.

The Nett Off-reckonings, which is One of the Divisions of the grols Sum allotted to a Regiment in the Pay Office, is appropriated for the Clothing; it is computed upon the full Establishment, and paid to the Assignee of the Colonel; it consists not only of the Off-reckonings of the full Number of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men borne upon the Establishment, but also of a Sum equal to the Off’-reckonings of Four Private Men, known by the Name of, Warrant Men. In a Company of a Marching Regiment, there are Allowances equal to the full Pay of Four Men, amounting to Two Shillings and Eight Pence, which is thus divided; the Colonel has Six Pence, which is the Subfillence of One Man, and is issued to him with his Subsistence; the Captain has One Shilling, which is the Subsistence of Two Men, and is issued, with the Subsistence, to the Agent, for the Purpose of Recruiting; the Agent has the Subsistence of One Man, which is issued with the Subsistence; the remaining Eight Pence, being the gross Off-reckonings of Four Men, subject to the Deductions of Poundage, Hospital, and Agency, upon the full Pay of the Four Men, becomes a Pait of, and is issued with, the Nett Off-reckon-ings.

Where a Part of the Off-reckonings have not been assigned, they are not paid, but remain in the Hands of the Paymaster General, and in his Public Account of the Pay of that Regiment, he deducts those unappropriated Off-reckonings, from the Sum he claims to be allowed him for the Pay of that Regiment.

The Clearings are never issued until the Secretary at War fends to the Pay Office a Warrant, directing the Paymaster General to prepare Debentures for the full Pay of the Regiment; the Debenture is the Certificate of the Paymaster General of the full Sum due to the Regiment for a certain Period: In consequence of this Debenture, the Secretary at War procures the

4 R King’s

Ninth Report on Public Accounts.

33* 310 Martii. 1783*

King’s Warrant for the full Pay of that Regiment, unfeft there are Respites, and then the Clearings are blued to the Agent; he receives back the Vouchers for the Subsistence, indorses the Warrant, and signs the State of that Regiment in the Regimental Account Book, and that Warrant and Signature are the Vouchers for the Paymaster General in the Office of the Auditor; these Clearings are not paid until Fifteen or Sixteen Months after they become due, because the Vouchers for the Payments made to the Regiments Abroad, cannot all be procured lb as to enable the Paymaster General to state the Accounts of those Regiments much sooner: No Reason appears why the Regiments at Home may not be cleared in a few Months after the Expiration of the Year. He does not recollect that any Payment is made by the Paymaster General, unless to public Accountants, without the King’s Warrant obtained either previous or subsequent to the Payment.

- In the Beginning of the Year 1776, he was appointed Accountant in the Pay Office, and found the Accounts far in Arrear; he has brought them as forward as he was able, having transmitted Eleven Accounts to the Office of the Auditor, Five of which have been declared, as appears by a List of these Accounts, as delivered into the Office of the Auditors of the imprest since the Beginning of the Year 1776.

Where a Paymaster General continues in Office for Six Months only, he has Credit in the Exchequer for Half the Army Supply of the Year, and though out of Office, 1/is Business ra carried on until he has completed the Payments for such Half Year. The Account of a Regiment is then made up for Six Months, each Deduction is a Deduction for Six Months, and the Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings, are for Six Months only, and the Warrant for the full Pay is for the same Period, and that Warrant, with the Signature of the Agent, is the Voucher for the Paymaster General: He cannot obtain this Voucher until he receives the Pay Warrant, which does not come to him until long after he is out of Office. If the Account of the Pay of a Regiment was to be dosed as soon as a Paymaster General went out of Office, it might multiply the Accounts; for different Parts of the ray of One Regiment, for any Period, might be paid by different Paymasters, and then,.instead of One Account, and One Voucher, there must be as many Accounts of that Regiment made up as there were Paymasters, and as many Vouchers must be obtained for the Pay of One Regiment

The Sums appropriated for the Use of Chelsea Hospital are. The Sum voted by Parliament for the Out Pensioners, Part of the Poundage, and, The One Day’s Pay; the other Part of the Poundage is applied to the Payment of Exchequer Fees and Salaries; One Account is kept of the Payments out of these Deductions. Sometimes the Secretary at War signifies by Letter to the Paymaster General, His Majesty’s Pleasure, that he should detain a certain Part erf the Subsistence of a Regiment} but without such a Signification, the Paymaster General issues of course the Subsistence according to the Establishment. The Sub* fistence of the Horse and Foot Guards and Cavalry in Great Britain, has to the best of his Recollection,

until' this Year, been issued according to the full Establishment.

Cha*

T. Anguish,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 3.

The Examination of Charles Harm, Esquire; takert upon Oaih, ,5th and 14th March 1783.

This Examinant faith, That there are Cafes in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, in which Infu-ers have been cleared without the Accounts having een passed in the Auditor’s Office, or gone through the iri'ual Forms of the Exchequer; but thele arc Accounts of Services performed Abroad. As for Instance: Where the Warrant of a Commiftary General, or Commander m Chief, directs the Duputy Paymaster to pay the Balance of a stated Account annexed to that Warrant, and allowed by the Director General of Controul, and signed by a Commissary of Accounts, in which Account, Sums appear to have been rffaed to the Accountant on Account, and for which he has been set insuper; the Auditor, upon Production of that Warrant, with the Account annexed as a Voucher for the Paymaster General, clears the Insuper; though the Warrant is silent as to the Payment of that Balance, whether it shall be with or without Account.

Where the Warrant is silent, the Auditor uses his Discretion, and judges, from the Nature of the Service, whether the Person, to whom the Money is issued, should or should not become an Accountant. Where-ever the Warrant expresses the Sum to be issued on Account, the Person receiving it is always set insuper, and ought to pals his Account; where the Warrant specifies that the Payment shall be without Account, the Person receiving it is not let insuper, unless it appears to be Part of an Account in which he has received Sums for which he is accountable: In that same he is returned accountable for all he has received. Where an Imprest Account has been allowed in the Office of the Controller of the Army Accounts, it must nevertheless be passed in that of the Auditor: The Accountant produces in the Auditor’s Office his Account of the same Sums, to be passed there; and the Auditor requires the Production of original Vouchers, similar to those that were produced to the Controller; or if such cannot be had, a Certificate from the Controller, that they were produced to him. It is the ufnal Practice for the Auditor to state to the Treasury, for their Approbation and Allowance, the several Fees payable to the different Offices for passing all Extraordinary Accounts.

The Fees payable to the Auditor for passing an Extraordinary Account, are not estimated after any certain Rate, but in Proportion to the Length and Period of the Account, and the Trouble, it gives to the Office. Where the Account includes any Number of Years, the Usage of the Office is to charge a certain Fee, from Ten Pounds to Twenty-five Pounds a Year; this Fee, together with the Fees payable for passing the Account through the other Offices of the Exchequer, are inserted in the Account, and the Allowance of them craved of the Treafery; and if allowed, as they usually are, they are a Charge upon the Public.

All the Fees together, for passing a short Account, will amount to about Forty Pounds; and for a very long Account, to about One hundred and Twenty Pounds.

Cha‘ Harris.

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neaxe,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N-4.

<2$ Geo. III. 31 Mar3^9

N* 4.

The Examination of Charles Marsh, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 24th and 26th of February 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is Assistant to the First Clerk in the War Office; in which Office he has been ever since the Year 1754. That he has examined feveval of the Establishments of His Majesty’s Forces remaining in the War Office: He finds, that in the Establish-meot of a Regiment of Foot for the Year 1717, no Allowances are mentioned; it contains the foil Pay only. The First Allowance that appears, is for Widows, and consists of One Day’s Pay of a private Man; it is inserted in the Establishment of a Regiment, dated 25th August 1717. A Warrant, dated the 15th 1717, directed to the Paymaster General of the Forces; and Two Letters from the then Secretary at War, the one to the Commifl'ary General of the Musters, dated 11th August 1716, the other to the Paymaster General of the Forces, dated 1 ft of February 1716-17, shew the Commencement and Ground of the Four Allowances made afterwards on the Establishment; and which Four Allowances have, as he believes, continued upon the Establishment of a Regiment of Foot in Great Britain ever since.

Charles Marsh.

T. Anguish,

Rich*Neace,

Sant Beachcrrtft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 5.

The Examination of James Mctfrick, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 5th and 7th of February, and 3d of March, 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is Agent to several Regiments. As Agent to a Regiment, he receives from the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Subsistence and the Clearings, and when he has the Alignment, the Off-reckonings. Where a Regiment is complete, the Agent receives the full Subsistence, according to the Establishment; where it is not complete, he receives a Sum upon Account of Subsistence, the Quantum of which Sum is direfited by the Secretary at War; this Sum conlilts of the Subsistence of the Effectives, and of a Part of the Non-effectives, and of the Four Warrant Men per Company. The Subsistence of the Effective Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, is paid to the Regimental Paymaster; the Subsistence of the Non-efteftives, is carried to the Credit of tire Non-effective Fund of that Regiment; the Subsistence of One of the Four Warrant Men is paid to the Colonel, of another to the Agent, and of the Two remaining is carried to the Credit of the Non-effective Fund, in Aid of Recruiting. The Clearings, where the full Subsistence has been issued, consists of the Arrears, and the Agency; the Arrears are the Difference between the full Pay and the Subsistence of the Commissioned Officers, and are paid to each Officer his Share; the Agency is Two Pence in the Pound upon the full Pay of the Regiment, and belongs to the Agent. W'here the Clearings include Non-issued Subsistence, that Subsistence remains upon the Credit of the Non-effective Fund; for the Agent, though lie receives a Part only of the Subsistence, makes himself Debtor for the Whole; and when the Clearings are paid, he charges the Relpites against the Credit The Nett Off-reckonings are appropriated to the Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; Where the Agent is the Assignee of the Vo r.. 39.

Colonel, he applies the Off-reekonings to the Payment of Ninth the Clothier’s Rill, and all Expences attending the Cloth- Report ing; and if there is any Surplus, he places it to the 011 Pub'‘c Credit of the Colonel. The Sum for the Clothing Accounts’ of a Militia Regiment is iffufed to the Agent, pursuant to a Warrant to the Paymaster General, specifying the Sum; the Agent carries it to the Credit of the Colonel.

Twice a Year the Agent receives from the Pay Office the returned Poundage, wlrich is paid to the Merl Without Deduction. The Agent receives also, every Half Year, the Amount of the Stoppages from the Pay of the Men for the Allowances to the Regimental Paymaster and Surgeon. Every Half Year, where it cad be done, a Bill of Contingencies, signed by the Commanding Officer and Regimental Paymaster, is transmitted from the Regiment to the Agent, and, as he believes, a I>uplicate to the War Office; the Agent makes out his Bill of Contingencies, and delivers both, with his Vouchers, to the War Office: After it is examined and passed, the King’s Warrant it obtained for the Payment.

The Agent’s public Account of a Regiment, is subject to the Examination of the Secretary at War, whenever He thinks proper to call for it; the Account is stated and balanced every 24th of June, where it is practicable; it is not laid before the Secretary at War until he calls for it.

Some Time last September, the present Secretary at War required from the Agents, a State of the Balances of the Non-effective Accounts. Such as could be made up to the 24th of June last, of the Regiments to which lie is Agent, he has transmitted to the Secretary at War, and he believes the other Agents have done the feme.

The Non-effective Fund is applied to Services directed by the King’s Warrant, and to no other. To every Company, One, Two, or Three Contingent Men, according to the Establishment of the Regiment, are allowed; the Captain has the Subsistence of these Men, for the Purpose of keeping the Arms in Repair, and for other contingent Expences of the Company. The Off-reckonings of the Contingent Men fall into the gross Off-reckonings.

The Warrants for the Contingencies are made payable to the Colonel, and received by the Agent, who pays them to the Regimental Paymasters, deducting what bdortgs to himself.

The Regimental Paymaster generally draws upon the Agent for his Share, long before the Agent receives it from the Paymaster General, and therefore if the Colonel dies insolvent after the Warrant is made out, and before the Agent has received it, the Agent loses it.

Jet Meyrich.

J. Anguish,

Rich*Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 6.

(Copy.)

Sir, Whitehall, nth August 1716.

His Majesty, before his going Abroad, having been pleased to give Directions to reduce Four private Men out of each Troop of Light Horle and Dragoons, and Four private Men out of each Company of Foot in Great Britain; and likewise to order, that no fictitious Names for the Widows should be allowed upon th© Muster Rolls for the future:

I am commanded by his Royal Highness to acquaint you, that it is his Pleasure that you give the necessary Directions, that upon the Muster which commences the 25th of AugustInstant, and in all succceding Musters

of

STinth

Keport on Public Accounts*

340 31 Martiu ’ 1783*

of the Forces, they do pass and allow Thirty-five private Men only in each Troop of Light Horie and Dragoons, except the Royal Regiment of Horie Guards, which is to consist of Thirty-leven private Men in each Troop; and Sixty-five private Men only in each Company of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Forty-five private Men only in all the other Regiments of Foot in Great Britain.

And it being his Majesty’s Intentions, that the Pay of the said Five Men reduced and discontinued upon the Muster Rolls of each Troop and Company, shall be reserved as a Fund for paying the usual Allowances to the Widows, and the customary Allowance of One Man out of each Troop and Company to the Colonels, and One Man to the Agents, and towards enabling the Captains to recruit their respective Troops and Companies, and for defraying the necessary Contingencies of the Service, to be disposed of and distributed in such Manner and Proportions as his Majesty or his Royal Highness shall think fit by Warrant hereafter to direct; and, by this Means to take away all Pretences whatsoever, for allowing any fictitious Names upon the Muster Rolls of the Forces for the future, his Royal Highness commands you to take particular Care yourself, and that you do give the strictest Orders and Directions to the Deputy Commissaries, not to pass or allow any Names upon the Muster Rolls but such as are effective Men, actually in the Service, his Royal Highness declaring, that the First Offenders herein shall be punished with the utmost Rigour and Severity.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Wm,

Commissary General of the Musters.

War Office, 27th February 1783. — True Copy from the Entry in the Books of this Office.

Lewis,

N* 7.

(Copy.)

My Lords, Whitehall, ift February 17-i-f.

His Majesty having been pleased to give Directions to reduce Four private Men out of each Troop of Light Horie and Dragoons, and Four private Men out of each Company of Foot; and also to order, that from the Muster which commenced from the 25th Day of August last, no fictitious Names for the Widow's should be allowed on the Muster Rolls for the future, but that a Sum of Money, equivalent to the Pay of the said Five Men a Troop and Company should, from the said 25th Day of August, be placed upon a new Establishment of the Forces, which is now preparing in that Manner, and it is hereby directed, that the Money in lieu of the said Five Men in each Troop of Light Horse and Dragoons, and each Company of Foot, should be applied and distributed to the Payment of the usual Allowances for the Widows, and the customary Allowances to the Colonels and Agents, and an Allowance to the Captains, towards enabling them to recruit their respective Troops and Companies, and to defray the necessary contingent Expences of the Service, in the Proportions hereunto annexed.

His Majesty intending by this Means to take away all Pretences for passing and allowing any fictitious Names upon the Muster Rolls of the Forces for the future.

I am commanded to give you Notice of the said new Regulation; and to acquaint you, that it is his Majesty’s Pleasure, that you do continue to pay the

Money in lieu of the said Fi\fe Men in each Troop and Company, from Time to Time, as you issue the Subsistence of the Forces, notwithstanding the Discontinuance of them upon the Muster Rolls from the 25th of August last, provided you do find, upon the Return of the Muster Rolls to your Office, that the Troops and Companies are complete according to the Establishment; but in cale any Troop or Company shall not be complete, you shall, in the next Subsistence that is issued by you, deduct the Allowance hereby directed to be paid the Captains, from all such Captains, for so long Time as their respective Troops and Companies shall not be complete as aforesaid; it being his Majesty’s Intentions, that the Captains shall not receive the Benefit of this Allowance, but upon Condition of their being complete.

I am, my Lord,

Your Lordship’s most humble,

and obedient Servant,

fV" Pulteney.

E. Lincoln.

War Office, 27th February 1783. — True Copy from the Entry in the Books of this Office,

M. Lewis.

N* 8.

Distribution of the Money in lieu of the Five Men’s Pay out of each Troop of Horse and Dragoons, and each Company of Foot;

Colonel, One Man’s Subsistence out of each Troop and Company.

Allowance for the Widows, the like.

Agent, the like.

Captain, Two Men’s Subsistence.

The Remainder of the Four Men’s full Pay for the Colonel, Agents, and Captains, to be issued upon Clearings to the Colonel, in lieu of their Off-reckonings; and the Remainder of the full Pay of the Widows to that Fund, as ufuaL

War Office, 27th February 1783. — True Copy from the Entry in the Books of this Office,

M. Lewis.

N* 9.

(Copy.)

George R.

Whereas Our dearest Son George Prince of Wales did, by Our Secretary at War, in pursuance of Our Directions in this Behalf before given, signify his Pleasure, the 11th Day of August last, to Our Commissary General of the Musters, that he should give the necessary Orders, that upon the Muster commencing the 25th of the said Month of August, and in all succeeding Musters of our Forces, there should be passed and allowed Thirty-five private Men only in each Troop of Light Horse and Dragoons, except the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, which were to consist of Thirty-seven private Men in each Troop; and Sixty-five private Men only in each Company of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Forty-five private Men only in each Company of all thq other Regiments of Foot in Great; and that

the strictest Orders and Directions should be given to the Deputy Commissaries, not to pals or allow any Names upon the Muster Rolls but such as were Effective Men, actually in the Service; declaring it to be

02 Our

ft$GEb'llt. Martit.341

Our Intentions, that the Five discontinued Men upon the Mutter Rolls of each Troop and Company should be disposed of in such Manner and Pro|)ortions as We should afterwards direct: And We having thought fit to tlireft that the Pay of the said Five discontinued Men a Troop and Company should be disposed of in the following Manner and Proportion;

The full Pay of One Man a Troop and Company to the Widow s Fund, as usual;

The Subsistence of One Mail a Troop and Company to the Colonels of the respective Regiments, in lieu of all ciiftomary Allowances and Pretentions;

The Subsistence of Two Men a Troop and Company to the respective Captains, for the Charges of Recruiting, and other Regimental contingent Expences, and cul’tomary Allowances;

The Subsistence of One Man a Troop and Company to the Agents of the respective Regiments, in lieu of their custonmry Allowances;

And the Remainder of the full Pay of the Four Men last mentioned, after the usual Deductions made, to be ifi’ued as Oil-reckonings, upon such Alignment or Alignments as have been made, or shall be made, thereof, by the respective Colonels, towards enabling them to supply the Lois of Clothing by Desertion, §c.

t)ur Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby authorize and direct, That in the Debentures to be made out by you for the Pay of Our Forces in Great Britain, from the 2/jth Day of August 1716 to the 24th of June l.ift, both Days inclusive, you do include the full Pay of the Five Men a Troop and Company before-mentioned, for each respective Regiment of Our laid Forces; but in case there shall appear upon the Mutter Rolls of our said Forces any Refpit or Refpits upon any Troop or Company, you shall not only deduct the Pay of such Refpits as usual, but you shall also deduct from each Captain who shall have any such Refpits on his Troop or Company, the Subsistence of Two Men for such Time or Times as any such Refpit shall appear, as before-mentioned; it being Our Intentions, that the Benefit of the said Allowances of Subsistence Money shall be only on Condition and during the Time that the respcfctive Troops and Companies shall be kept complete according to the Numbers before-mentioned, and not otherwise. And for so doing this shall be, as well to you as all others whom it doth or may concern, a liifficient Warrant and Authority.

Given at our Court at St.James's this 15th Day of July 1717, in the Third Year of Our Reign.

Branch that relates to the Clothing of the Army: Branch Ninth

independent of the Controller. This Business is con-dufted by General Officers, a Secretary, and Two Accounts. Clerks; they are governed by Instructions ifilied in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Aconfirmed by the succeeding Kings.

The First Notice to the Office every Year relative to the Clothing, is from the Judge Advocate. About the End of the Year he fends a Letter to the Secretary, acquainting him, that the Board of General Officers have that Day chosen the General Officers, therein named, to be the Board for inspecting and regulating the Clothing of the Army for the ensuing Year, commencing the 9th of November; and that they have appointed a certain Day for their Meeting Notice of this Meeting is font from the Office to every one of thefo General Officers, and to every Colonel of a Regiment. The Number of General Officers appointed is uncertain; but Three of them form a Board. Upon the Day of the Meeting the Clothiers attend, and produce Patterns of the several Species of Clothing:

They are inspected and examined by the Board, as to their Quality only; and if approved, they are foaled by Three of the Board, and with the Office Seal, and taken away by the Clothiers. The Board agree amongst themselves to review the Clothing of all the Regiments after they are made up, no one reviewing the Clothing of his own Regiment. When the Clothing is ready, the Clothier applies to the Office for a Letter to the General who is appointed to view his Clothing, to acquaint him that the Clothing is ready for his Inspection. After such Inspection, the Clothier brings to the Office a Certificate, under the Hand of the General w ho viewed the Clothing, that he had found the same agreeable to the foaled Patterns: He brings at the same Time the Colonel’s Assignment; to this Assignment the Clothing Board add their Certificate, directed to the Paymaster General, that the Clothing has been viewed and approved, and desiring him to pay the Sum mentioned in the Assignment; the Certificate and Assignment being entered in the Office, are delivered to the Assignee. The General Officers have no Allowance for this Service.

The Patterns for the Clothing of the Invalids are not examined by the Clothing Board, but by the Controllers of the Army Accounts; the Clothing is likewise viewed by them or their Officers, and they certify their Approbation to the Treasury.

Bob’ Quarme.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beaehcrofl,

Geo. Drummond.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Stanhope,

To

That

Earl of Lincoln.

Wur Office, 27th February 17S3.

A true Copy from the Entry in the Books of this Office,

M. Lewis.

N* 10.

The Examination of Robert Quarme, Esquire; taken upon Cath, 7th and

1783-

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk in the Office of the Controller of the Army Accounts, in that Vol. S9.

N" 11.

A NNE It.

Whereas the General Officers of Our Army, in pursuance of the Directions of Our Right trusty and Right entirely beloved Cousin and Counsellor John Duke of Marlborough, Our Captain General, have met and considered of foveral Matters for the better Regulation of the Clothing of Our Army, and preventing the Abuses that have happened therein for the Time to come, as well as for the clearing such Regiments as are in Debt, of the Debts they shall be found to have incurred, and putting a Stop for the future to the in-cumbering the Off-reckonings of any Regiment in Our Service; And whereas, upon mature Consideration of the foveral Matters referred to them touching the fame, they have drawn up and presented to Our said Captain General, several Rules and Instructions for such of the General Officers who shall be appointed to inspect and regulate the Clothing of the Army, as they have thought proper to be put in Practice

4 S for

Ninth Report on Public Accounts.

342

31° Martii. A. 1783.

for toe better effecting the Ends thereby proposed: That is to say,

lit, That the said General Officers do examine the State of the Off-reckonings of each Regiment to the 24th Day of February next, and that where any Regiment shall be found to be in Debt, Consideration is to be had of the Manner of contracting the said Debt; and the said General Officers are to assign a proportionable Sum Yearly out of the Off-reckonings of such Regiment, towards clearing the fame: And that wherever it shall appear to the said General Officers, that the Debt has been contracted by the Fault of the Colonel, in such same the General Officers may appoint the Clothing to be provided by such Persons as they shall think lit, till the said Debt shall be funk; for the sooner effecting whereof a Stoppage shall be made of the Colonel’s Pay. And whereas ’tis necessary all her Majesty’s Troops should be equally well clothed, it seems expedient that the Off-reckonings of all Regiments should be issued alike.

2dly, That Patterns for Ilorfe, Foot, and Dragoons, be forthwith provided, which are to be (baled by the General Officers, and to remain in the Office as a Standard in all Time coining; and that every Colonel be obliged, by Day next, to

bring in Patterns answerable to the Standard, which are to be approved and lealed by the General Officers; anti the Colonels are to take Care to have the Clothiers obliged under Penalties to keep up to their Contracts.

3dly, That all Contrails of Clothing be produced to the General Officers, and approved of by them, who are also to take Care that the Alignments given thereupon do not exceed, for the Foot, Two Thirds of the Off-reckonings of Two Years for the first Clothing; and for the Ilorfe and Dragoons, that there be a Power of aligning the Off-reckonings of Two Years, reserving a sufficient Sum for the Accoutrements of the Second Year.

4thly, That as any Clothing is made, the said General Officers shall inspect the fame, either by themselves or such as they shall appoint, provided One of their Number be always present, and shall examine each Particular, Parcel by Parcel; and in case the Clothing be approved of by the Persons appointed to make the said Inspection, that a Number not less than Three General Officers, do certify the same on the Contract, without which, the Paymasters are to be directed not to comply with any Alignment whatever.

5thly, That in case of any Disputes relating to the Goodncls of the Clothing, the same is to be determined by Three indifferent Persons, observing this Rule: That the General Officers name One Referee, the Contractors another; and that if those Two cannot agree, they shall choose an Umpire; and the General Officers and Contractors are to oblige themselves to stand to such Award.

Cthly, That each Regiment of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot be clothed for the complete Numbers on the Kiiablishment within Nine Men a Troop, and Seven Men a Company, which are allowed for Servants and Contingencies; and that each Trooper, Dragoon, and Foot Soldier, be provided with the following Clothing, viz.

For the Second Year. For a Trooper.

For this next Campaign 170$.

A new Cloth Coat, well lined with Serge,

A new Waistcoat,

A new laced Hat,

A Pair of new Boots,

A Pair of now Gloves, New Ilorfe Furniture.

I Coats turned,

\ New Hats well laced, New Gloves.

And every Year such an Augmentation of Belts, Saddles, Cloaks, and Housings as shall be necessary.

For a Dragoon.

Coats turned,

V New Hats well laced, New Gloves.

A new Cloth Coat, well' lined with Serge,

A new Waistcoat,

A new Pair of Breeches,

A new laced Hat,

A Pair of new Boots,

A Pair of new Gloves,

New Horse Furniture,

New Grenadier Accoutrements, viz'. Caps and Belts as long as the Grenadiers shall be continued.

And every Year such an Augmentation of Belts, Saddles, Cloaks, and Housings, as shall b« necessary.

A Foot Soldier.

A good full-bodied Cloth Coat, well lined, which may serve for the Waistcoat for the Second Year,

A Waistcoat,

A Pair of good Kersey

Breeches, \

A Pair of good strong

Stockings,

A Pair of good strong

Shoes,

Two good Shirts and Two Neckcloths,

A good strong Hat well

laced.

A good Cloth Coat, well lined, as the First Year, A Waistcoat made of the former Year’s Coat,

A Pair of strong Kersey nfew Breeches,

A Pair of good strong Stockings,

A Pair of good strong Shoes,

A good Shirt and a Neckcloth,

A good strong Hat, well laced.

It is to be understood, that the new Waiftcoait in the First Year is only to be given to Regiments new raised, and to Recruits, who are likewise to be fumished with Two Pair of Stockings; that the Accoutrements, viz. Sword Belts, Cartouch Boxes, and Drum Carriages, shall be provided out of the Off-reckonings, and that such as are loft in Action, or worn out, shall be replaced by the Colonels, and such as are loft or spoiled by the Negligence of the Captain or Soldier, shall be replaced by the Captain.

7thly, That the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drums, Trumpeters and Hautbois, be clothed in the same Manner as the Soldiers, but every Thing to be better in its Kind in Proportion to their Off-reckonings.

8thly, That the said General Officers do, from Time to Time, give an Account to the Captain General of all Occurrences relating to this Service, and of their Observations thereupon; to be laid before Her Majesty, or the Lord High Treasurer, for their further Instructions and Directions.

gthly, That in case any Quantity of Clothing be to be provided for the Foreign Troops in Her MajestyV Pay, or to be lent over as a Reserve for the British Troops Abroad, the same to be provided under the like Direction of the General Officers; who may advertise all Persons who are willing to furnish such Clothing, to give iii their Proposals, lealed up; and the fairelt Bidder to be employed, which may be a great Saving to the Public.

lothly, That there shall be an Office ?b fotne convenient Place, with' Two or more Clerks fitly qualified to keep the Minutes of the Board, and make fair Entries of all Assignments, and other Accounts; that the

07 Generals

23 Geo. III.

3i

Martii.

343

Generals may have all Things in Readinefe to lay before the LordTreal'urer as required.

ti th, and lastly, The said General Officers do return their Thanks to his Grace the Duke of,

for directing the Complaints concerning the Clothing of the Army to be laid before them, thereby giving them an Opportunity of distinguishing between such Colonels as have had a Regard to the Queen’s Service and their own Reputations, and those that have acted contrary to both; and further they do hope, that the Method herein proposed will effectually prevent any further Abuse, and take away all Reason of Complaint.

Which Rules and Inl’tructions having been laid before Us, We are graciously pleased to approve thereof, and do accordingly direct that they be strictly and duly complied with; in order whereunto ’tis Our Royal Will and Pleasure, that the General Officers of Our Army do meet in their respective Turns, according to their Seniority, from Time to Time, for the Purposes aforesaid; such Meeting to consist of Seven General Officers, beginning with the Elded now in Britain, any Three whereof are to be a Quorum; and as any of them shall absent themselves therefrom, on account of their being called upon Our Service Abroad, the next eldest General Officers in their Turns are to be summoned to supply their Places. And We do hereby give and grant unto them full Power and Authority to do, execute, and perform all and every Acts, Matters, and Things appertaining to the Execution of these Our Orders. And lal'tly, they are to observe and follow such further Orders and Initiations as they shall from Time to Time receive from Us, or from Our Generalissimo or Captain General of Our Forces, or Our High Treasurer or Commissioners of Our Treasury for the Time being. Given at our Court at Kensington this 14th Day of January 1707-8, in the Sixth Year of Our Reign.

By Her Majesty’s Command,

H. St. JOHN. Comptroller’s Office, Horse Guards,

13th February 1783.

This is a true Copy, taken from the General Officers Book of General Entries, N* I.

Rob Quarme.

N° 12.

Warrant for regulating the Non-effective Fund of the several Regiments of Infantry.

GEORGE R.

Whereas we have judged it necessary for Our Service, to ascertain the Articles which may be charged against the Non-effective Fund of our Marching Regiments

a O

of Foot, excluding, at the same Time, all other Articles whatever; that the said Fund may be kept apart for the Purpose of Recruiting, and that the Balance which shall remain (after satisfying the Charges hereby admitted) may be applied to other public Military Uses: We have therefore thought fit to order and direct, that for the future no Charge shall be made again!! the said Non-effective Fund, but w hat comes fairly and evidently under the following Heads; viz.

The Levy Money and Expences of each Recruit, and also his Subsistence till he joins the Regiment.

Bounty Money to discharged Men to carry them Home.

The Subsistence of Invalids discharged and recommended to Our Royal Bounty of Chelsea Hospital, from the Day to which they are subsisted by the Regiment to that on which Vo r.. 39.

they are admitted on the Pension, or rejected by Nintli the Board. Report

Ext ences of Beating Orders, and attested Copies t*n PuljI‘c thereof. AceouulSi

Expences of Debenture Warrants;

Expences relating to Deserters.

Expences of the Passage of Recruiting Parties and Recruits by Sea from and to the Regiment.

And whereas Our late Royal Grandfather, of glorious Memory, was pleased to direct, by a Regulation in 1743, that the Non-effective Accounts of the several Regiments of Infantry should be Annually Hated on the 24th of June, and that whatever Balance remained (after deducting 5 /. for every Man wanting to complete, to be carried to the Credit of the succeeding Account) iliould be divided among the Captains; partly in Aid of their Extraordinary Expences, and partly as a Reward of their Care and Diligence in completing their Companies; which Regulation Our said late Royal Grandfather was pleased to suspend during the late War: And whereas We have judged that it will be more for the Benefit of Our Service that the Allowance made to the Captains Qiould be limited; We are pleased to direct, That for the future the Non-effective Accounts shall continue to be settled Annually to the 24th of June, when 5 I. shall be set apart for each Man wanting to complete at the preceding Spring Review, and carried to the Credit of the succeeding Accounts; after which the Balance which shall remain shall be divided among the Captains, provided it shall not exceed 20 /. to each Captain: And we are pleased to direct, that the Sum so paid to the Captains shall be entered as the last Charge in the Non-effective Account of each Regiment: And Our father Will and Pleasure is. That, in case any Surplus shall remain on Balance of the Non-effective Fund Annually dated on the 24th of June, after deducing 5 /. for every Man wanting to complete (which mud be carried to the Credit of the succeeding Accounts, as aforesaid) and after paying to each Captain their entire Allowance of 201, that Balance shall be carried to the Credit of the succeeding Year’s Account: And the several Agents are hereby directed to acquaint Our Secretary at War, upon the settling of each Year’s Accounts, with the Amount of this Surplus or Balance, for Our Information.

And We do further direct, That all other Charges and Expences whatever, incurred by Our Marching Regiments of Foot, and which have been usually allowed,

shall for the future be inserted in the General Half Yearly Contingent Bill, ordered to be transmitted to Our Secretary at War, by his Letters bearing Date the 26th Day of November 1765. Our farther Will and Pleasure is, That in the keeping and making up the Non-effective Accounts of each of Our said Regiments, the following Directions be for the future drictly observed: That no more than Three Guineas and a Half shall be allowing to any Recruiting Officer, for each Man recruited by him; out of which Sum no more than One Guinea and a Half shall be given to each Recruit, according to Our Directions signified by Our Secretary at War, bearing Date the 17th of December 1765.

But no Charge whatever is to be admitted on Account of Recruits who may desert before they join the Regiment.

No Recruiting Officer shall be allowed Credit for the Levy Money of any such Recruits as shall not be approved of by the Commanding Officer of each Regiment respectively; but their Subsistence he diall be allowed.

The Non-effective Fund shall be charged with the real Expence of all the Recruits who may die before they join the Regiment, provided the Day of their Death, and the exact Bounty Money given them, be certified

Ways and Cleans.

544 510 Martiu A. 1783.

certified by the Recruiting Officer on the Back of the Attestation.

All Subsistence given to Recruits before they join the Regiment, shall be charged separately from the Levy Money. The Accounts of all Recruiting Officers are to be stated and settled on or before the 24th of June. In Regiments stationed in Great the Recruiting

Accounts are to be signed by the Recruiting Officer, and by the Field Officer commanding at Quarters. In Regiments stationed Abroad the said Accounts are to be

o m

signed by the Recruiting Officer and by the Colonel, or One of the Field Officers, if either of them shall be in Great Britain.

And Our Pleasure is, That the above Accounts so signed shall be good and sufficient Vouchers to the Agent, for the Credit given by him to each Recruiting Officer on the Head of Recruiting.

That in all future States of the Regimental Accounts given in to the Reviewing Generals, the Number of Recruits for which Levy Money and Subsistence are charged, shall be particularly and separately specified.

And whereas it has been the Practice, in some of our Marching Regiments of Foot, to allow the Captains, without Accounts, the Subsistence of the vacant Men in their respective Companies, arisen from Vacancies which happen between the Days whereon each Captain usually receives the Subsistence of his Company; it is Our express Order, that for the future the Captains shall account for the vacant Subsistence of each Man who shall die, desert, or be discharged between the above-mentioned Periods, from the Date of such Death, Desertion, or Discharge: And that the Non-effective Fund shall have Credit for the vacant Subsistence of every Man, from the Day on which he is no longer entitled to Subsistence.

We are farther pleased to direct. That every Colonel shall himself carefully examine the Non-effective Account previous to its being laid before the Reviewing General. He is likewise to certify under his Hand, that he believes it to be fair and exafit. And the Reviewing General shall report to Us any Articles which shall appear to him to be charged contrary to thele Our Orders; as likewise whether proper Credit be given to the Non-effective Fund for the whole vacant Subsistence.

All the aforesaid Orders, Regulations, and Directions, We ltri&ly charge and command all Reviewing Generals. Colonels, Commanding Officers, and Agents of Our Regiments of Infantry, and all others whom they may concern, to follow and obey, under Pain of Our highest Displeasure.

Given at our Court at St.James's this 19th Day of February 1766, in the Sixth Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

BARRINGTON.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to IBs Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia in that Part of Great called England, for

One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thouliind Seven hundred and Eighty-three, be

defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Ord and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Porrell, from the Cud. -n« Commissioners of the Customs, attended a. the Door; incidental he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the AtCyuul4* "House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Incidental Accounts paid out of the Revenue of the Customs, by " Order of the Commissioners, from Christmas 1776, to " Christmas 1781."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Papists to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon L>ec,|s and the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of ^ills-Deeds and Wills made by Papitis, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater (.'anal at JVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester', all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 94. 1. 31. After " Tunnels" to insert " Culverts."

1. 32. After " Drains" to insert " Back " Drains," and after " under" to insert " by the Side of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near keaeh-lade, to join and communicate with the Canal at JVallbridge, near the '('own of Stroud; and alib a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near ton, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and 1Fills.

Ordered, That Mr. Barraza do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leachlade

Canal.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act made in the Wappins

Iaft Session of Parliament, for the

better Relief and Employment

AboliQiing

certain

Offices of Customs.

Motion respecting an Administra-iioa.

Ditto.

23 Geo. III. 310 Martn.345

Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Established Weighers in Fee for the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in Parliament, whereby it is provided that the Fees and Perquisites of the several Departments are to lie abolished, and no Provision is made for the Petitioners, whole Salaries have continued the same from their first Infiitution in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and whose Salaries and Perquisites together do not exceed the Sum of 36/. 145. a Year to each of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That their Salaries may be advanced, or that such Relief may be granted to them as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue; be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That a considerable Time having now elapsed without any Administration responsible for the Conduct of public Affairs, the Interposition of this House in the present alarming Crisis is become necessary.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the dutiful and grateful Sense this House entertains of the gracious Intentions expressedin His Majesty s Message of the 26th Instant: To alfure His Majesty it is with a perfect Reliance in His paternal Goodnels, and with an entire Deference to His Royal Wisdom, that this House again submits to His Majesty’s Consideration the Urgency as well as the Importance of the Affairs which require the immediate Appointment of such an Administration as His Majesty, in Compliance with the Willies of His faithful Commons, has given them Reason to expect: To assure His Majesty, that all Delays in a Matter of this Moment, have an inevitable Tendency to weaken the Authority of His Government, to which this House is not more bound by Duty, than led by Inclination, to give an effectual and constitutional Support.

To represent to His Majesty, That the Confidence of Foreign Powers may be weakened by a Failure of the ordinary Means of a constant Communication with them — That the final Execution of Treaties, that important and decisive Arrangement of a Commercial and Political Nature, in consequence of a late Vol. 39.

Resolution — That a Provision for the heavy Expences, and the important Services voted — That the orderly Reduction of the Forces, and the Expences of a new Establishment — That the Settlement of National Credit, ferioully affected by the critical State of the East India Company — That thele, with other important Concerns, do severally, and much more cohesively, require an efficient and responsible Administration, formed upon Principles of Strength and Stability, suited to the State of His Majesty's Affairs both at Home and Abroad.

And this House most humbly repeats its Supplications to His Majesty, that He will take such Measures towards attaining this Object, as may become His own gracious Dil’position, and quiet the Anxiety and Apprehensions of His Subjects.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House of Wednesday last, of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Answer to the Address of this House of the 24th Instant, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said proposed Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Sir James Lordlier reported from the Committee, to Heiket, &c. whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for Roads, putting in Execution so much of an Act of Parliament made in the Second Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, repairing,

" and amending, the Road from by Ytrees

" Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton,

" over Whinlalter, to Keswick, in the County of Cum-

" berland, and from Keswick, by Rays and

" Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of " Westmorland, and from Ptumbga Cross, near " Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called " Windermere, in the County of Westmorland, and " from Kesrrick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the " County of Cumberland," as respects the several Roads in the said Act mentioned, lying and being in the County of Cumberland, which said Act was to continue from the 24th Day of June 1762, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774,

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And

Mr. John Wren beir^ examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to such Parts of the Roads therein mentioned as lie within the County of Cumberland, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due and unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Pow ers of the said Act be enlarged, and feme Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Sir James Lowther also reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening, repairing and amending the Road from " Hesket, by Yerwes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from " thence by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland, and from Keswick, by " Dummail Rays, and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall,

4T "in

Pains, Ac. on Rumbold and Perring.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Trade with America.

3 46 31° Martiu 1° Aprilis. ’ 1783.

u in the County of Westmorland, and from " garth's Cross, near Kirby In Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Wmdermete, in the County of

" land, and from Kestcick aforesaid, to the Town of " Penrith, in die County of Cumberland,*' as respects die fever&l lldads hi the said Act mentioned, lying and being in the County of Westmoreland, which said Act was to continue from the 24th Day of June 1762, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And

Mr. Thomas Jackson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the ftiid Act, with respect to such Parts of the said Roads therein mentioned, as lie within the County of Westmoreland, and have borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Roads, which still remain due and unpaid, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and some Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for widening, " repairing, and amending the Road from Hesket by " Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and from thence by " Lorton over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County

*' of Cumberland-, and from Keswick, by " Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; and from Plumbgarth's " Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake " called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland-, " and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, " in the County of Cumberland:" And that Sir James Lowther, Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, ani| Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them wnilft they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, CounfeHors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United

States of North America, was re-committed, be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1* die Aprilis;

Anno 230 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Roofs Inclo-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain fo*

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss, in -

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee -had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 66 Acres of Land in the Fields intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,520 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with -the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioti severally put thereupon, were agreed to byAhe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the papistg Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Deeds and for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia 1>#y» Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and c’ Drummers of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ehoes presented to the House, according to Browne’* Order, a Bill to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his ame’

Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, de-

ceased:

23 Geo. III. r° Aprilis. 347

ceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reathed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Courts of The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Justice in Xwentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

c0 Georg4the Second, intituled, "An Act for taking away " and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietros thereof; and for restoring " such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more " effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice " throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the " King’s Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all " Persons acting as Procurators, W riters, or Agents in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for render-

" ing the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Judiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland: And that the Lord

Advocate of Scotland and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms was disguised The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hetket, &c. Sir James Lowther presented to the House, according Roads. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for widening, repairing, and amending, the " Road from Hesketby Vetoes Bridge, to Cockermouth;

"and from thence by over , to

" wick, in the county of ; and from Keswick,

" by DummailRays and to Kirby in Kendall, " in the County of Westmorland; and from Plumbgarih's " Cross, near KirbyinKendall aforesaid, to the Lake called " Windermere, in the County of Westmorland; and from " Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the County " of Cumberland:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Navy, Sic.Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ac-

Bills. counts of the Amount of the several Sums paid for

Intered on Navy, Victualling, and Ordnance Bills or Debentures, together with an Account of the several Sums added to such Bills, allowed for the Amount of the Discount when the Bargain was made for Ready Money, from the 3 id of December 1775 to the 3 id of December lad, distinguidiing each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. Montetgu:

Mr. Speaker,

Shrewsbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shire Hall, for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the *c‘ County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Wetherby, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for &e. Road. repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 39.

for enabling William Pulteney, Esquire, to grant Leases Pulteney* of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of Elbte*. London; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords wa3 read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap- East India pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Aflaire. Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made feme Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall Sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The House was moved, That the Five first of the Re-lqlutions which, upon the 2d Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report was re-committed which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of the several Reports which had been made from the Select Committees appointed in the Two last Sessions of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B.A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy and Representa-Freeholders of the County of Nottingham, was presented J?0B 1D Par* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from whatever iame, lt‘ Causes the inadequate and disproportionate Representation of the Commons of this Realm may have arisen, it is an Evil of a very high Magnitude, which ha6 not been less injurious to the past than k is dangerous to the future Interests of this Country, and which the Petitioners trust it will not be thought unworthy the Wisdom and Virtue of the House to reform: To this Wisdom and Virtue the Petitioners respectfully confide the Reform, but it is their earnest Petition, that no Delay may be admitted intaking this Grievance into the serious Consideration of the House; at the same Time (he Petitioners fiibmit to the Judgment of the House the present State of the Duration of Parliament, trusting that the House will provide such a Redress as may diffuse a general Satisfaction, restore the Purity of the House as the true Representative of the People, and do away every Suspicion which weakens their Confidence in the united Legislature of the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition’ do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Army-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Paymaster upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Q^nceeral the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

" for

i° — a' Aprilis. A. 1783.

u for the better Regulation of the Office of Pay matter " General of His Majesty’s Forces."

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2* die;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to revive and render more effectual an Act Markfield, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Road Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of , over

Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to

where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Gate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Pochin, 8cc.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pra Y ESS.

-Papistg \ N ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for

Deeds and f\ Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists,

Wills. and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Roofs Inclo- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Jure. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss, in -

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Teme.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss in Holderness, hit he East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

storherhithe The Lord Allhorpe reported from the Committee, Caving, &c. to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within the Parish of

otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Allowing the Inhabitants paying Rates to give Evidence.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Commissioners shall not take away any Toll Gate or Bar, being private Property.

And ,the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Kingston thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, and upon Hull Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Gaol, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in Parliament for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and other Purposes; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present Form, it would bring on the Petitioners, and other Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Town and County, a very great Expence, which the Petitioners conceive they ought not to be made subject to: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect the interest of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in the said Town, and for railing Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull; and for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Yarbrough Debts, within the Wapentakes of Yarbrough and Bradley &c-Small Haverstow (except the Parish of Laceby) and within the ts' Wapentakes of JValshcroft and Manley, and Parish of Kirton, in the Hundred of Corringham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the Fenchurch House, according to Order, a Bill for widening the Street, North West End of Fenchurch Street, within the City London'

of

.vnham to

Whites

.d.

Goswell

Street, &c. Road.

id ford ivel Bond ebts.

Su George Scudiwark

Pari ill.

Fenchurch

Street,

London.

23 Geo. III. 2° Apr349

of London: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn, at in

the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint fVhites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from1 the Lords, by Mr. Dames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening, " and repairing a Road from the North-East Side of " the Cornell Street Road, next Islington, in the " County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called " The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to " Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and " at and from The Doghouse Bar . to the End of Chiswell Street, by The Artillery without any

Amendment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Gonfervators of the Great Level of the Fens to fell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels,- Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond Debts, of the said Corporation, upon Account of those Levels: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of George the

Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said -Parish, with respect to the Families of Prisoners dn the said King’s Bench, or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol, or House of Correction- belonging to the said County; for regulating the Manner of chusing Over-seers of the Poor, and for appointing Collectors of the Poors Rates within the said Parish; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Householders in Cheapside, The Poultry, The Old Jewry, Coleman - and-

Places adjacent, within the- City ;of London, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for widening the North-West End of Fenchurch Street, within the said City and Alledging, that the Way or Passage at the South End of The Old Jewry, next The Poultry, is very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Foot Passengers, as well as Coaches, Carts, and odier Carriages, to the Prejudice and Inconvenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near the fame, and to the Hindrance of Business, Trade and Commerce, it being a great Thoroughfare, and One of the principal Avenues to the Bank and Royal Exchange from the Public Roads on die North Side of the said City; and that, if the said Way °F Passage was widened, it would he of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provtflon may be made in the said Bill, for widening and improving the South End of The Old Jewry, in such Manner as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fapae, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Povyer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the receiving of Stplen Jewels and " Gold and Silver Plate, in Jhe same of flurglary and " Highway Robbery, more pepal," and for further preventing the receiving of Stplen Goods, was fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a.Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A. Bill for Punishment of idle and difordeply Persons upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall he found in the Nigfit Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address, to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land, Forces in Great Britain, including those in Guernseyapd, Jersey, from 25th

1783 to 24th June following, both inc^ufive, being 61 Days: And all'o,

Estimate of the Charge of Ilia Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garriibn at Gibraltar, for 01 Days, from 25th April 1783 to 24th June, following, both inclulive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s. Hanoverian Foot in Great Britain, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783, both inclulive, being 182 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

The said Estimatcs are as followeth; viz.

4U ESTIMATE

Receiving Stolen Goods.

Persons found with I Joule-breaking Instruments.

Army

Estimates.

3-5°

A. 1783

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great,

including those in Guernsey and Jersey, from 25th April 1783 to 24th June following, both indufive, being 61 Days.

' First Troop of Ilorfe Guards Second D° -

Horle: ( First Troop of Grenadier Guards

Second D° - -

L Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

Second D*

Third D° -

Earl Of Pembroke's Dragoons

Lieut. General Pres -

( Lord Southampton's Lieut. General Carpenter's Lieut. General Johnstone’s Sir Henry Clinton's -Lieut. General Pitt's Lieut. General Johnstone's

o

§0

a

i.

- a

.f*§

/'Sir George Augustus Eliott's Major General Ha

w o Lieut. General Mas -

►4 go ( Major General Ph

q Major General Douglas's

f Lord Viscount Fielding's Corps -

P ffirft Regiment of Foot Guards f , °°. <| Coldstream Regiment of D°

Uuards: [Tllird Regiment of D° - -

/'Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, 2 Battalions-Lieut. General Jones's Regiment -Sir William Boothby's Lord Say and Sele's Sir Robert Murray Keith’s -General Murray’s Lieut. General Fawcett's Lieut General Robertson's Sir John Sebright’s Major General Wynyard's -Lieut. General Mac - - -Lieut. General Tayler's -Sir William Erskine's -Lieut. General Hav

Lieut. General Vaughan's -

Sir Guy Carleton’s - -

Lieut. General Robert Skene's Sir Thomas Wilson's -

Earl of Eglintoune's -

Lieut. General Morris’s Lieut. General Mathew's Earl of Harrington's -

General Lambton’s -

Earl of Lincoln's -Lord Henry Fitzgerald's Major General St. Leger's Lord Viscount Chewton’s -Colonel Keating's ----- Major General Medowss -Major General Tottenham’s -

Colonel Ackland’s

Colonel Stuart's -

Major General R. Prescott's -

Major General Reid's -

Colonel Whyte's -

Detachments from Lieut. General

Earl Percy’s, and Lieut. General Mail-land's Regiment of Foot -

Numbers.

» til y l8l l8l

174

1/3

3*1)

> *W J286 .1 (286 286

286 .287 286 286 r 2(86 286 286

412

412

412

412

412

276

Foot: \

2,033

L305

1,305

1,762

881

881

469

741

881

741

74i

881

469

469

469

74i

741

741

469

74i

8S1

74i

74i

469

74i

901

1,020

687

687

687

687

687

687

687

687

6S7

827

827

156

a,028

3,288

2,336

30,948

Pay of the Troops and Regiments,

\ £. s. //.

17,605 3 4

17,605 3 4

10,870 18 4

10,743 3 4

26,054 18 4

21,528 18 4

14,685 3 4

14,685 0 O 4

14,685 3 4

14,685 3 4

14,730 15 h>

14,685 3 4

14,685 3 4

14,685 3 4

14,685 3 4

14,685 3 4

19,037 15 10

19,037 15 10

19,037 15 10

19,037 15 10

19,037 15 10

16,668 10 10

52,064 4 2

33,668 4 2

33,722 19 2

33,671 5 —

16,963 j i 6

‘6,963 7 6

11,877 14 2

15,260 — 10

16,963 *T / 6

15,260 10

15,260 — 10

16,963 7 6

11,877 14 2

11,877 14 2

11,877 14 2

15,260 10

15,260 — 10

15,260 — . 10

11,877 14 2

15,260 — 70

16,963 7 6

15,260 10

15,260 — 10

11,877 14 2

15,260 — 10

17,894 2 G

19,308 10 —

‘3,605 / G

13,769 12 6

13,605 7 G

13,769 7 2 G

13,733 0 G

13,733 2 G

13,709 12 6

13,605 7 G

13,769 12 G

*5,472 l9 2

15,308 14 2 1 1

3,723

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

82,879 6 8

168,426 4 2

107,857 10 —

656,878 6 8

23 Geo. III.

Invalids:

Yoi» 39.

2° Apr ills.

35*

("Lieutenant General Wren's Regiment Thirty-six Independent Companies, with a Major Commandant, at Jersey -

Garrisons with Fire.and Candle Contingencies upon Account *

Total, per Annum

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, &c. TOTAL.

905 £. s. d. 13,949 1 8 £,. s. d.

3,250 4*55 48,040 1 8 61*989 3 4

L. 4. - 32,218 16 —

- - 20,000 52,218 16 —

fa. 4L755 - - £- 1,130,249 6 10

Army

Estimatet.

Which for 6i Days, from 25th April 1783 to 24th JuneV jgg gQ1 r g following, both inclusive, amounts to - - -J *" ’ "

War Office, 1 ad April 1783. Geo. Yonge*

ESTIMATE

Army

Lihniatcs.

352

2° Apri

A. 178$.

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 61 Days, from 25th April 1783 to 24th June following, both Days inclusive.

Numbers. Pay.

£. s. d.

- - 494 -

475 - - 8,176

879 - - 16,713 19 2

741 - - 15,442 10 id

S81 - - 1,6>9^3 7 6

881 m 16,963 7 6

741 - - .15,260 — 10

879 - 16,713 19 2

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 - 15,369 — 10

741 - - 15,266 — 10

879 - - 16,71319 2

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 - - 15,260 — 10

881 - - 16,963 7 6

741 - - 15,260 — 10

74i - - 15,260 — 10

741 - 15,260 — 10

741 - - 15,260 — 10

1,226 - m 22,155 10 —

741 - - 15,260 — 10

74i - - 15,260 — 10

881 - - 16,963 7 6

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 m - 15,260 — 10

74i - 15,260 — 10

3,105 - m 62,999

741 - - 15,260 — 10

741 - - 15,260 — 10

881 - 16,963 7 6

74i - 15,260 — 10

1,057 - - 20,476 10 —

1,018 - 18,779 5 —

1,018 - - 18,779 5 —

1,018 - rnm 18,943 10 —

1,019 - - 19,217 5 —

1,019 - - 19,217 5 —

i,35i - - 26,809 5 —

827 - - 15,472 19 2

213 - - 4,170 2 6

138 - - 2,731 8 4

30,007

- - 2,348 3 4

3,226 10 —

- - 32,551 18 4

4,000

741 . 15,260 — 10

881 - - 16,963 7 6

741 - - 15,260 — 10

74i - 15,260 — 10

741 - 15,260 — 10

881 - - 16,963 7 6

1,168 - - 20,768 10 —

1,231 - - 22,593 10 —

827 - 15,472 19 2

- 44,533 - - <£

General Gage's Regiment of Light Dragoons Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers -Lieut. General Style's Regiment of Foot Lieut. General Prescott's *

Lieut. General Armstrongs -

Lieut. General Cunynghame's -Lieut. General Morrisoti’s -Lieut. General Graemes -

Major General O'Hara's -

Sir ICilliam Home's -

Lieut. General Masseys -Sir Charles Grey's -

Lieut. General Evelyn's -

General Parslaw's----

Lieut. General Clarke's -Earl Cornwallis's -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Lieut. General Campbell F/ctchei- - -

Sir Eyre Coote's -

Sir Robert Pigott's -

Sir Robert Hamilton s -

Lord John Murray's Regiment, lit Battalion General Cary's Regiment -

Lieut. General Rains;for As

Lieut. General Elphinstone's - -

Lieut. General Frederick's -Lieut. General Grant's -Major General Campbell's -

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions 7 Major General Leslie's Regiment -Lieut. General Pomeroy's -

Lieut. General Sherrard's -

Lieut. General Tryon's Major General Sterling's -Major General Campbell's Colonel M'Donell's Lieut. General Hall's Colonel Leland's Colonel Gunning's -Royal Highland Emigrants, 2 Battalions -Late Lieut. General Skene's Regiment - -

Captain Commandant I Call's Corps - -

Two Independent Companies of Foot -

Garrisons of Quebec, Montreal, and St. Augustine -Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John’s in Newfoundland, Louiibourg, St. John’s Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

GIBRALTAR.

Major General Picton's Regiment

Lord George Lennox's -

Lieut. General Boyd's -

Lieut. General JValsh's -

Lieut. General Baugh's -

Sir David Lindsay's -

Major General Ross’s -

Lord M'Lead's Regiment, 2d Battalion

Earl of Suffolk's Regiment

Officers of the Garrisonof Gibraltar, &c.

Total Charge, per Annum -

TOTAL.

£<.

t9»448

d.

4

7'3,529 7 6

42,126 11 8

153,801 17 6

3,749 12 3

932,655 17 3

Which for 61 Days, from 25th April 1783 to 24th June following, 1 n Q/-Q _ r both inclusive, amounts to -..... -/* 155,808. 14. (»

War Office, 2d April 1783.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

OJ frock, Ac. loclufure.

St Xames YeUry.

WestmLnflei

Wnt

Yo.k City Wnt.

Banbury

Writ

2 $ GeO. 111. 2°

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Foot in Great 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783, both inclusive, being 182 Days.

Britain, from Anny

Llumates;

Numbers. Pay for 182 Days. a TOTAL.

Prince Emjl's Regiment *- -Major General Goldackers k 1 - - 475 475 £ 5. d. 4,628 9 9 4,692 3 9

Total - - - 1 950 9,320 13 6

War Office; 2d April 1783. Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Eftiinates do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Boucerie preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Wufte Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Odsto Coombe

Bissett, H'est Harnham, and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East L nd of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names, Descriptions, and Places of Abode, of the Persons who compote the present Select Vestry of the Parish of Saint James, in the Liberty of minster; and also, a Lilt of all such Perl'ons in the said Parish who stand rated to the Poor Tax, at or above ,<jo /. per Annum, distinguishing their respective Rates, and also distinguishing those who reside in James's Stjuare.

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Abolishing Reading of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for certain abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant April.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of the Right honourable Charles James Fox, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the room of the Right honourable John Cavendish, commonly called Lord John Cavendish, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of O.tjord, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Frederick North, commonly called Lord North, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, who, since

Vol. 39.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for resuming Trade with the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the America; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed,

That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Monday next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " next" and infecting the Word " Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the said Motion and proposed Amendment were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

4 X Ordered,

j H'

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Pains, Apd the Order mode upon Monday last, for further

on Rim^kuJ(J adjourning, till Tomorrow Mprning, the further Heaj--and "4rring' ing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas , Baronet, and

Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mildemeauofs, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Couafellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, being read;

A Motion wqs made, and the Questi<?n being put. That the said Order be dil’charged;

It pad'll \n the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, die Aprilis;

Amo 33* Georgiii IU, U Regis, 1783-

t

PRAYERS.

Leeds and A/TR- jpuncovife prefeoted to the House, accord-

Uvecpwl XVX ing to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging

Canal. the Rowers of qn Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Ring George the First, for making the River pouglas, alias Asland, navigable Rom the River ^iibble to Wigan, in, the County Palatine of Lancaster; mid for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds " Bridge, in the County of York, to The North " Lady s Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine

" of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey," to purchase the Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hothtrhith* An ingrafted Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, PaviDg, tec. and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Pafl’ages, within tie Parish of Saint Maty at

Rotlierhithe, otherwise Redrffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

and PalKiges, within the Parish of Saint Mary at

Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That the Lord Althorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Jame* A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are (Westminster) thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and.

Paving. others. Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of

minster\was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, in consequence

01 .

40 Aprilis. A, 17$ 3*

of a Petition which prayed, That a Committee for the Purposes of the said Act might be chosen by the Vestry of the said Parish; and Alledging, That the said Vestry is a ftdeft Vestry, and the Inhabitants who pay die Taxes have no Voice in the Choice of the said Vestry; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Inhabitants, who are to pay the Taxes for the Purposes of the said Act, ought to have a Voice in the Choice of the Committee who are to assess the said Taxes, and who are to apply the Money raised for the Purposes thereof, and, that those who pay a high Proportion of the Taxes, or are possessed of considerable Property in the said Parish, ought also to be Members of the said Committee, as it must be their Interest, as well as their Duty, to take Care that the several Works be well done, and at the least possible Expence: And therefore praying, That it may be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, to receive a Clause or Clauses for giving a Voice in the Election of certain Members of the said intended Committee, for carrying the said Act into Execution, to the said Inhabitants, and for appointing Persons who pay a high Proportion of the Taxes, or who have considerable Property in the said Parish, tQ be also Members of the said intended Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, CoqnfeHors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this lostant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die

Anno 230 Georgii III'11 Regis, 17S3.

Praters.

f~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Howard, commonly called Earl of Surrey, who, firice his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County

Pains, See. on Rumbold and Perrin"*

Carlisle Writ*

Higharo Ferrers Writ*

MaltonWrit,

Saltaili Writ.

Yarmouth W nt.

Woodstock

Writ.

Disconnt on Loans.

Church Leoch Inclosure.

23 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis. 353

County of Northampton, in the room of Frederick Montagu, Esquire, who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Motion, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Edmund , who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Cooper, Baronet,

who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the dotting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Tmcnshend, who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elettinu of a Burgess to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable William Eden, who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

The House being informed that Mr. Nculand, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the several Sums paid, or allowed for Discount on Prompt Payment, in the several Loans made from the lft of January 1776; distinguishing each Yeajr.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Church Lcnch, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; that with respect to the Clause relating to the Public Roads, inserted in the Bill in purl'uance of the Standing Order of the House, of the 14th Day of March 1781, the Committee had, from au Examination into the Nature of the Soil of the Lands to be inclosed, and the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, found

Vol. 39.

it necessary to make feme Alterations in that Clause; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered , the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Quartering the reunto subscribed, being Innholders, Victuallers, and Soldiers. Persons engaged in Bufinefies, whereby they are l’ubjett to the Burthen of quartering Soldiers, on Behalf of themselves and all others engaged in the like Bufinefies, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the present Mode of quartering Soldiers, and of the Hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the great Number of Horses and Soldiers quartered upon them j and praying the House to take the Grievances of the Petitioners, and others in the like Bufinefies, into Consideration, and grant such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Trent and whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual Mersey several Atts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Navigation. Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments} be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for University the eletting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- "nt ment for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the Honourable John Townshend, who, since his Elettion for the said University, bath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to Staunton

whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish, was Committed;

That the Committee hud examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; that, with respect to the Clause relating to

\Vays and Means.

Stipply

Cirencester

Hoad.

4° — -7° Aprilis. 1783.

to the Public Roads, inserted io the Bill in pursuance of the Standing Order of the House, of the 14th Day of March 1781, the Committee had, from an Examination into the particular Circumstances attending the Lands to be inclosed, found it necessary to make fotne Alterations in that Clause; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors whole Property in the said Parish is assessed to the Poors Rate, at 17 s. per Annum, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and all’o, except the Proprietors whole Property is aifefied to the said Rate at 1L 4 s. 10 per Annum, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Property in the Parish is assessed to tire Poor’s Rate at 34/. 2 2 per Annum', and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose 4he Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the Ilgufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

O 7 — .

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 7° die Aprilis;

Anno 23° Georgii III'" Regis, 1783. Prayers.

MR. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cu'encester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tcthury, to a Gate in the same County near the Monument upon Lansdoxvnand also a Road from Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Sxvansxvick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Gloucefle? the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the room of Sir William Guise, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Army — to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, P«tymaii«r upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in s

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster " General of His Majesty’s Forces," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant April.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Odstock, &c. Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Inclosure. Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, widish the several Parishes of Odstock, Homing ton, Coombe Bissett,

West HamJiam, and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Strahan, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Leeds and Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Liverpool George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Cana ’ Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " A11 " Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or " Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to " The North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River " Mersey," to purchase the Shares of the said River

Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Strahan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Clerkenwel! an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Poor-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James,

" Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng,

Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pulteney s for enabling William Pulteney, Esquire, to grant Leases Ellatei-of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of London, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Strahan,

Petersfield

Writ.

Knare (borough Writ.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Bilston Navigation.

Montgomery Town Writ.

Warwick Borough Writ.

Interest paid by Ordnance Office.

23 Geo. III. 7°~8C

Strahan, Mr. E/zres, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at I'ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Onlaxd, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Jollijf'e, Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefiting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knar in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Frederick

Ponsonby, commonly called Lord VII’count Duncannon, w ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

" and for the better Payment of the Army and their " Quarters;" so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Old do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of in

the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Pari Ihes of Sedghy, Tipton otherwise Wednesday, and Westbronnrich, in the County of Stafford, to

or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamuorth, in the said County of Stafford;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Three M eeks, the 2<jth Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, in the room of fVhit died Keene, Esquire, who, lincc his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Mrarrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of IFaruick, in the room of the honourable Charles Francis Greville, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer, of His Majesty s Household.

Mr . Kenrickpresented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Sums paid for Interest by the Office of Ordnance,* from 31st December 1775 to 31st December 1782; diltiuguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Vol. sy.

Jprilis. 357

Ordered, That the said Account do fie upon the Table, to be pei uled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the M*an». whole House, to consider further of Ways and M^ans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,’Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 23° Georgii IIPa Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration pontefra^ the Petition of John Smyth, Esquire; and also, £season. the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, House-holders. and Eieftors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the ul'ual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Henry Hozeorth, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to lerve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Wilberforce, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were draw n, w ho were not objected to.

4 Y Note,

80 Aprilis. A. 1785.

Note, 'that in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, and let aside with the Names of those who were absent from the I Ioufe; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

From the House of Commons, the 8th April 1783.

Sir,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the lame, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Tuesday the 6th Day of May next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.-

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

C. W» , Speaker.

Lambeth Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Poor, &c. w hom the Bill for ascertaining and collecting the Poors

Rate, and for better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambcthi in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Hefket, &c. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an 011<is* Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for widening, repairing, and amending the " Road from Hesket, by to

" and from thence by Lorton, over to

" Keswick, in the County of Cumberlandand from . " Keswick, by Dummail Rays and to Kirby

in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; and from " Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, " to the Lake called , in the County of

" Westmorland; and from aforesaid to the

Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lmcther, Mr. Garforth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ‘in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mutiny and Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-Desertion. cording to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Hefertion, and for the belter " Payment of the Army and their Quarters," so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the F irlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Call of the Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tues-Uouie. the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be lent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write Circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Tuesday the 6th Day of May next.

Copies of which Letters are as followviz.

From the House of Commons,

the 8th Apr 1783.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports to attend their Service in Parliament, oil Tuesday the 6th Day of May next; your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s.

Most humble and obedient Servant,

C. W. Cormeall, Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, I/jrd Warden of the

Cinque Ports.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Newnham (4 Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn, St. White’s at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the ^oad‘ Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forefi; of Dean, in the said County, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Passage or FeFry over the River Severn, at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forefi; of Dean, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his Issue- Browne’s Male, to take and use the Surname of pursuant Name,

to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, deceased,- was read a Second Time-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwcs,

Mr. Barroiv, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pcjn/s:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act H«nfhaw,&« for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Town Inclosure. Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors, of Llenshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leachlade for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Canal, the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudzeater Canal at Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a 02 Collateral

Stanford

lucloiure.

St. James's Ytftry, See.

Hice, &c. exported.

Rice, &c. imported.

flank ey*s Divorce.

Pontefract

Election.

23 Geo. III. 8° — 90 Aprilis.

Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near ton, to or near the Towp of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts',without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Ideson, Clerk to the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint, James, 1Vest minster, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names, Descriptions, and Places of Abode, of the Persons who com pole the present Select Vestry of the Purish of Saint James, Westminster: And also,

A Lift of all the Persons in the Parish of James, Westminster, who stand rated to the Poor’s Tax at or above 50/. per Annum.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, Tobacco, Sugars, Molalits, and Rum, exported from Great Britain, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguithing each Year, and the several Quantities and Species, and the Ports from n hence and to which the same have been exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, Tobacco, Sugars, MolufTes, and Rum, imported into Great Britain for Ten Years, ending at Christmas, last; distinguishing each Year, the several Quantities and Species, and the Countries from whence imported.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John

JIankcy, Esquire, with Elizabeth Thomson, his now "W ife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfmned the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel in Oppofi-tion to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Henry Haworth and William Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

VOL. 39-

John Fenton Cctwthorne, Esquire, Rol/e,

Esquire, William Hussey, Esquire, the Honourable George Keith Elphinstone, Arthur Esquire,

Henry Peirse, Esquire, John Sinclair, Esquire, Thomas

Powys, Esquire, John Trcvanion, Esquire, Edvard James Eliot, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire,

Smith, Esquire, John Elwcs, Esquire, Hen>y Haworth, Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the kid Petition of John Smyth, Esquire; and also of the said Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Householders, and Elekors, of the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents, on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die Aprilis;

Anno 23® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to amend and render more ef- Trent and fectual several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Mersey Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His Navigation, present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or

near Caldon, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The.

Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford. r

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, Birmingham and the humble Petition of the Reverend Joseph Cart- Canal. wright, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Pkce near Riders Green, in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Email Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamuorth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of several Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Limelione, within the several Parishes aforesaid, and apprehend it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to them, and to all Persons having Estates within the said Parishes, if Provision was made in the kid Bill to enable them to make and maintain proper Railways, or other Roads and

Communications

Mutiny and Delation.

Kingston upon Hull Gaol.

Bilho|»*s Castle W'rit.

360

£° dprills-

A. 1783.

Communications from their said Mines to and with the said Canals and Collateral Cuts: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill for making such Railways, or other Roads and Communications aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered \That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing " Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment " of the Army and their Quarters" so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whol€ House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Christopher Sykes, Christopher Goulton, Henry Regard, John Bozeman, and Bet hell Robinson, Esquires, and others, in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have just Real'on to apprehend there is a Design to obtain an Act of Parliament, for which Purpose a Bill is now pending in the House, for building a new Gaol for the said Town and County, and other Purposes, to set aside or destroy an ancient Prel'cription, and lay a Charge upon the Property of the Petitioners, from which it has for Time immemorial been exempt: And therefore praying, That they may be hoard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may be intended to set aside or destroy the said Prescription, and thereby lay any new Charge upon their Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,. to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of Holy Trinity in the said Tow n, and for raising Money lor those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and eftahlillnng public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, anti for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Henry Straehey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries and Deliverance of all Manner of Ordnance, of Artil-

lery, Munition, and other Necessaries whatsoever, appertaining to His Majesty s Office of Ordnance.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Receiving resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, StolenGoods. upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the Receiving of Stolen Jewels and " Gold and Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and " Highway Robbery, more penal," and for further preventing the receiving of Stolen Goods;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 30th Day of this Instant resolve itself

into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Personsfound resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, with Houte-upon the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly-^'^j^ n" Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hankey* to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey, Esquire, with- ^*voree-Elizabeth Thomson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Representa-holders of the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the ear-licit Periods, the People of Great Britain have always been considered as an essential Part of the Legislature; that, in former Parliaments, they have been fully and equally represented, and have always claimed and exercised a Power of" controlling the other Branches of Government; hut that, from a Variety of Circumstances, the P.epresentation is now become strangely inadequate and defective; that the Number of those who are qualified to vote bears a very small Proportion to the collective Body of the People; that a great Part of the Landed Property is excluded, because of Leasehold and Copyhold Tenure; that the Qualification of Electors for Cities and Boroughs depends entirely upon the Charters and Customs of particular Places, by which a large Portion of their Inhabitants are left out, and of course the Mercantile Part of the Nation as imperfectly represented as the Landed; and the Petitioners also apprehend the Septennial Duration of Parliaments to be a dangerous and unwarrant-

o

able Innovation; and that, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners do not presume to dictate to the House what Measures ought to be taken for removing the Evils complained of, but it is their most earnest Desire to fee an House of Commons consisting of Repre-fentatives fairly chosen by the People, and accountable to the People alone for their. Conduct, instead of an Assembly controlled, and in a great Measure elected, by the Influence of the Crown.

A Petition of the Resident Burgesses, Inhabitants, Ditto. Owners of Land, Salt Springs, and Salt Works, within the Borough of Droitxeieh, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Borough of IVyeh, or Droitxeieh, by its lait Charter, granted by King James the First, is impowered to 1 ltd; Two Burgesses as Representatives in Parliament, and by a Ilesolution of the House of Commons in 1690, the Right of Election is in the Burgesses of the

Salt

Bepre ffnta-t; >n in i ar-

liament.

Ptipifts Lte*<is and

Wills.

Bounties on Linens exported.

Ogl Ivy’s Attainder.

3Gec3. lit. 90 ’jip'rilis. 361

Salt Springs in Drnitwieh;and that, for many Years subsequent to the said llesolution, it was deemed a necessary Qualification that each Elector flioultl be foiled in Fee of a small Quantity of Salt Water arising from out of a Pit then open in the Borough, called The Old Pit, the only Salt Spring in use at the Time, which Pit was under the Care of Pei ions appointed to deliver the Brine to each Manufacturer, according to his Property in the Pit; and that about the Year 1725* divers Persons finding Salt Springs on their own Estates of superior Quality to that in Use, the Brine of the old Spring became of no Value, and the Pit itself was filled up; and that the present Salt Springs in the said Borough are very valuable, the Salt manufactured from them yielding to the public Revenue upwards of 100,000l. a Year, but that the Owners and Manufacturers however are not admitted to vote for Burgesses, igc. and therefore the Owners of the Salt Springs in Droilu are not represented in Parliament; and that the present Electors are in Number about Fifty, Three of which only relide in the Town, the others at Considerable Distances, having little or no Property or Connections in it, and as little Interest in its Welfare, ami yet the Summons to the Business of Election by the Tolling of a Bell, as well as other Circumstances, leem to imply that the Electors reside within the Borough; and that the Landholders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of feeling

the Inconveniencies and Injuries of not having the Rights of all oteful Subjects of a free State, hope to partake of a general Reform, or of such other Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Southampton, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Government of this Country being by the Constitution in a King, an Hereditary permanent Nobility, and a Temporary House of Commons freely cholen by the People as their Representatives, every permanent and fixed Interest in the House of Commons, independent of the Voice of the People, is inconliftent with the Idea of Representation, and contrary to the Spirit of the Constitution; and that the original Vigour of the Constitution ought to be re-liored by establishing a greater Equality in the Representation of the People: and that frequent and new Parliaments are conducive to the Welfare of the King and People: And therefore intreating the House to take the Subject of this Petition into their most lerions Consideration, and purlue such Measures as in their Wisdom shall appear necessary for redrelfing the Grievances that now prevail in the Representation of the People, and thereby to restore the Constitution of this lloule to its original Purity.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and

Mr. Pcpys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tilletting, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, l'tained, or dyed, in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities uccafioned by the Attainder of David of

Vo L.39.

Airly, Esquire; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ofliecs and Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Employ-qualify themselves lor Offices and Employments; and ®ienp ln* to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others who .1111 y‘ have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purpol'es; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bridewell Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and Hospital_ between the Hospital of Bridewell, and the Precinct oun ane8‘ thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann, Blaekfryars, in the City of London, as therein tpecified; witlwjut any Amendments And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wapping Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of P°ort &c-Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of I Tapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Roofs Incite -Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common sure-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss, in Holderness, in the Last Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rurton Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open Mailings Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Common- inclosure-able Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings-, in the County of Warwick', with some 1 Amendments; . to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant to Wigton, A-c. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a.Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of "feurghs of Wigton, Whithorn, Stranraei', and New Galloway, in the room of H illiam Adam, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer and Paymaster of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the justicmry Iloufe, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Court in Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Scotland. Courts in Scotland: And the same wets received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Flis Majesty’s Land . Forces in Great Britain, including those in Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th April 1783 to 24th June follow-

4 Z ing,

Staunton upon Wye, Inclo-

iure.

Ways and Means.

Burton

} I airings inclosuie.

3 6*

9* Aprilis.

A. 1783.

iftg, both ioclulive, being Sixty-one Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty s Force® in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for Sixty-one Days, from 25th April 1783 to 24ih June following, both indufive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ef’.imate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty "s Hanoverian Foot in Great Britain, from 2.5th December 1782 to 24th June 1783, both inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty-two Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed liim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.*

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, a certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon , in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, a certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wrey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by tire Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton in the County of I Fantick.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followoth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1.12. After " them " insert " or of any " other Person whomsoever."-

1 Leave out " ancient Inclosures" and "gf insert " Lands."

1. 30. Leave out from " made" to the End of the Claul’e in Prels i 8.

line 10.

And the House being informed that the Parties concerned gave their Consent to the Alterations made by the Lords in the said Bill;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question icverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Iloufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath, agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- ‘ ships.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Church concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lench inclo. Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable uie"

Land, within the Parish of Church in the County of Worcester, which Bill was, upon Friday Iaft, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Secretary Fox, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title' be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Church Lench, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Trade with port from the Committee of the whole House, to Amenca-whom the Bill for the Provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed, be further adjourned till this Day Four Weeks, the 7th Day of May next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in Repealing the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- A<^ prohibit* jesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and in^T[ader,„ " Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, w* m " Afassachuset's Bay, Rhode Island,

" New York, New Jersey, Pensylvauia, the Three " Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,

" North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during " the Continuance of the present Rebellion within " the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act,

" made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Landing and " Discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares, u and Merchandize, at the Town and within the " Harbour of Boston, in the Province of -

" chuset's Bay; and also. Two Afcts, made in the last " Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and " Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to " grant Pardons, tq issue Proclamations in the Cafes " and for the Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was* also moved, That an t, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Com4 " missioners for executing the Office of Lord High . " Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions to " the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels em-'

" ployed in Trade, or retained in His Majesty’s Service,

" to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels,

" and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a " limited Time," might be read. . '

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Acts, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America:

04 And

Winchffler, Stc. Road. '

Representi-tn>n in I’arliament.

23 Geo. III. 96 — io°

3*3

And that Mr. Secretary Fox and Mr. Andrew St. John

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10* die Aprilis;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of,

over Worthy Cow Dozen, through , and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Dozen aforesaid, through Whenecll, to the present Turnpike Road at , in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee Had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And

Ralph Etzcall, Esquire, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which the Tolls, together with a large Smn of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the said Act being near expiring, the Debt lb contrafted cannot be paid offj nor the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the Act be continued and amended.

George Woodward Grove, Esquire, and Mr. Charles Davis, confirmed Mr. Etzcall's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year ofliis present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Caw Dawn, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Dozen aforesaid, through Whence//,to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and the Lord do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town and Liberties of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Borough of Portsmouth is a large and populous Place, containing about Twenty thousand Inhabitants, and, before January 1695, the Mode of electing Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament was by the Inhabitants thereof in general; and that the present Mode of electing l’uch Representatives is by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of tire laid Borough, which Body Corporate do not conlilt of more than Eighty Persons, most of whom live in Parts of the Kingdom very distant from the said Borough, w ho come to Portsmouth on Occasion of such VoL.SU.

Elections, but seldom, if ever, at any other Times, which, the Petitioners think, is unconltitutional, and a very great Harbship on the Petitioners, as they conceive the Representatives of the said Borough, in the great Council of the Nation, (hoald be elected by Voters inhabiting the said Borough: And therefore the Petitioners hope the House will take their same into Consideration, and, in thele Times of National Reform, to procure that in future the Members to represent the Petitioners in Parliament,

shall be elected by the Majority of the Votes of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Liberties, who pay to Church and Poor, or in such other Manner as to the House thall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Cirencester the Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Road Road, from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to a Gate in the same County near the Monument upon Lansdoxcn; and also a Road from Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone, in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanszcick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining and collecting the j(Jmbeth Poors Rate, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Poor, &c. Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rate, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Maxcbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Four Thousand One hundred and Fifty-live Invalids, amounting to Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed from the Twenty-fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-eight thousand Eight hundred Ninety-one Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Forty-one Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Effective Men for Guards,

Garrisons,

Mntiny and Diicition.

Ia< hcquer liiUs.

MaritieM, SiC. iload.

10° Aprilis. A. 1783.

Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, ami Jersey, for Sixty-one Day*, from the Twenty-tilth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-five thou fund Eight hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Af rica, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for Sixty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred and Twenty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, for One hundred and Eighty-two Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, both inclusive.

The said Resolutious being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an A&> made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then ‘ a Si cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofibd.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, lhcwing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills ililied liuce the Twenty-fifth Day of , One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, " by Imans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightytwo."

Mr. IIungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive and render more effectual an Act, polled in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Jlfar!:field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charmcood Forest, through the Town of fVhitwich, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby dc la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee has gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ami, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to wliorn st. Andrew, the Petition of the Occupiers of Houses in that Part Hoi born, of the Street called Holborn, and in Middle Raw, which having, lie in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the H6ufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Pearson being examined, said, That by virtue of a Clause, called the Optional Clause, contained in an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Street and Middle Row have been paved under the Direction of the General Commissioners, at a great Expence, for defraying which, they have incurred a Debt of 10,800l. which now stands charged upon the Houses and Estates in the said Street and Middle 2?oa?-r-That the Occupiers of Houses and other Tenements in the said Street and Middle Row have for these Two Years past been rated at Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound. — And he added, That the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Street and Row, and the removing and preventing Nuifauces and Annoyances therein, might be more conveniently done, and at a more moderate Expence, if the foie Management thereof was vested in the Committee for the Time being for paving, cleansing, and lighting the united Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrti&ion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuifauces and Annoyances therein, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting such Part of Holborn as lies within the Parish of Holborn above the Bars, in the said County, and allb Middle Row, within the same Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuifauces and Annoyances therein.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherford, African from the Committee of the Company of Merchants Company, trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper,

23 Geo. III. 10° — i

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1781, The Account of*

" the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper TitleAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1781, Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Coals used Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

in Copper Account of the Drawbacks allowed for Fourteen Years

ofks, c. ]apc paptj of the Duties on Coals consumed in smelting Copper and Tin Ores, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and in working Fire Engines for draining Water from the Mines in Cornwpurfuant to an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and another Act in the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second; distinguishing the Amount of l'uch Drawbacks in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty 011 Soap, from the 5th of July 1782 to the 5th of January 1783.

jtundoa. Ac. The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, £<*4. to w hom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the 'Moors, and from IVRocks to Tean, in the said CouDty of Stafford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others uting and travelling such Part of the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, as lies in the said County of Chester, and of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Lands contiguous to the feme Road; and allb, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Township of in the County of Chester, were severally referred; That' the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Repealing Mr. St.Andrew St. John presented to the House, Ait prohibit- according to Order, a Bill to repeal lb much of Two ing i rade Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years wit merica. j^ej„n of fjj3 present Majesty, as prohibits

Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Xoi. 39.

i0 Aprilis, 365

Veneris, 11° die Aprilis;

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Pray e rs.

A N ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act, made in Mutiny and this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Desertion.

" for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better " Payment of the Army and their Quarters," lb far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny " and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the " Army and their Quarters," lb far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir George Vonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry to Newnham t« the Lords the ingrossed Bill for amending and widening St- White’* the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River ^oa ' Severn, at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and render more effectual Markfield, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his &c' Road' -late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot

Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of " Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Sandon, &c. of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Road. Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wet ley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Lord Lewisham do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5 A The

366

11° Apr

A. 1783,

Wl.len Ferry The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, to

to Burton whom the Bill for impowering Persons navigating Vessels

K*vi"uUon. ul, on the River Trent.between a Place called

Terry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horles, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolVed.

doaU used The Lord Bulkeley reported from the Committee, to wl, om the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the lile of Anglesey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Samuel More, Esquire, being examined, said, There are Two Mines of Copper in Anglesey, both of which he had seen, but had not any Interest in either — That the Ore is carried from those Mines to be smelted. the greater Part to St.Helens, near Liverpool, and some to Swansea, in Glamorganshire, because there is not Fuel in the

3 Hand for (melting it — That no Duty is paid 011 Coals at the Places to which the Ore is sent. — Being asked, If the Copper Ore of Cornwall is carried to the Coal Mines to be smelted ? he said, He believed great Part - of it is — That the Price of Coal in where the Ore is lent to be smelted, is 5 s. or 5 6 d. at

the Delivery at the Works, and on Ship-board at Sxvan-tea 48. 3 d.per Ton — That the Freight of Coals from Liverpool to Anglesey is near 6 s. per Ton, and from Swansea about 7 s.exclusive of Port Duties. — And being asked. Whether there is any Fire Engine yet erected in Anglesey?he said. It is Two Years and an Half since lie was there — That there is not, nor any Work for smelting Copper — That when he was there, the Mines were about Twenty Yards deep — That they are different from any Mines he had ever ieen, the Ore being all in one Mats, like Limestone and Gravel — That there are some Advantages in that, but which may hereafter turn out in some Degree to their Disad vantage, for as they have begun by opening a large Space, and will hereafter be obliged to fink Shafts, as is usual in Mining, the great Opening will serve as a Funnel to receive a large Quantity of Rain Water, and tend to fill up the Mine — That the Altitude of the Mountain, from the Level of the Island, may be about or under 200 Feet, and the Openings are very near the Summit of the Hill. — And being asked, In what Degree the Discouragement the Mines are laid to have suffered, has been hitherto felt? lie said, The Company themselves are the bell Judges of that. — Being asked, Whether they are near the Bottom of the Ore ? he said, That when he was there they were not near it. — And being asked. How loon his. Observation led him to think a Fire Engine would be necessary? he laid, He should imagine soon; that it depends much on Circumstances — That it rtiay be necessary directly, and may not for a considerable Time. — And being asked, If he had tried

07

the Ore? he said, He had, and all the Materials that come from the Mountain where it is raised — That the Ore in its raw' State is so poor, as not to produce on the Average One in Twenty. — And being asked, Whether he knew, that notwithstanding the Poorness of the Ore, the Work is exceedingly profitable? he said, He was not competent to speak to that, but it is under-Hood so to be — That he had always heard from the Parties themselves that it was.' — And being asked, Whether the Miners have an ealy Method of increasing the Value of the Ore, by burning it on the Grass when landed, without the Expence of Fuel? he laid, The Nature of the Ore is fuel), that it is very easily set on Fire, so as to be calcined in large Kilns, without much Expence of Fuel; but by being thus calcined in the open Air, a very great Proportion of the Metal itself is loft in the Operation, notwithstanding the Methods made qfe of to recover some of the Metal by Precipitation, by means of Iron Plates — That after this Calcination, he should suppose the Produce of the Ore is on the Average about Two in Twenty. — And being asked, Whether the Water follows in digging up the Ore from this Mass, as it does in other Mines ? he said. Not near in the same Proportion as it does when the Veins are small. — And being asked, What is the Altitude of the Mountain from the Level of the Sea ? he said, From 300 to 350 Feet, he believed, from that Part of the Mountain where they were at Work when he was there, and that Part of it next the Sea forms a bold Shore. — And being asked, What Stratum a Level from the High Water Mark to the Mine would go through? he said, He believed a hard Quartz, and not any Metals, for none appeared to him. — And being asked, If there are Adits from Mines in Cornwall of a3 great a Length as that which would be necessary for draining the Mines in Anglesey? he said, He believed there are. — And being asked, How the Water was got out of the Anglesey Mine when he was there? he said, By Horse Wheel, called a Whim. — And being asked, Whether, in case the Petitioners succeed, and the Drawback should be allowed, the Processes that would then be used by the Proprietors in linelting the Ore, would be more injurious to the circumjacent Country than the Processes now used? he laid, Certainly not — That they cannot be more injurious; and if they were, the Country is so ruined already, that it cannot be made worse. — And being asked, Whether the present Produce of the Ore will pay the Expence of an Act from the Mine, as he had described it? he said, It would not. — And being asked, What will be the Expence of an Adit? he said, Nobody can tell — That he took the common Average Price of making Adits to be Twelve Guineas a Yard, but it may be more. — And being asked, What is the Annual Produce of the Mine? he said, He did not know. — And being asked, Why he thought the Mine would not bear the Expence of an Adit? he said, Because, if the Ore continues as poor as it is now, the increasing Charge of railing it will be such, that it will not bear both Expences. — And being asked, What is the Average Proportion of the Produce of the Cornish Mines? he said, Two and on Half in Twenty — That the Standard Price of Copper may be said to be 801, per Ton. — And being asked, What, at that Price, is the Anglesey Ore, which produces One in Twenty, worth to the Proprietors ? he said, The general Rule for finding the Value of Ore is to multiply the Standard by the Product; from that Product to deduct 3/. for smelting Charges, which is univerl’ally allowed, and the Remainder will be the Value; which in the Instance of the Anglesey Ore, is Twenty Shillings per Ton — That by the same Mode of Calculation, the Ore, which produces Two and an Half in Twenty, is worth 7/. per Ton to the Proprietors; and that the great Increase of Value ariles

from

Debtors Petition.

Winchester, &c. Road.

43 Geo. III. 116 Aprilis. 367

from the smelting Charges being only 3/. on feach Kind of Ore. — And being asked, What Proportion of the Metal is actually loft, after all the Processes of burning and smelting ? he said, About One Third.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Samuel liamson, Agent for the Owners of the Paris Mine, in the Isle of Anglesey; who being asked, By what Method the Water is raised from that Mine ? said, by a Horse Engine. — And being asked, Whetl>er they can go on working that Mine any longer, by draining it in that Mode? he said, That in the Winter of the Year 1781 the Water in the Mine increased so much, that the Workmen found it difficult to go on at all at the lower Bottoms — That this Winter it has baffled all the Power of the Horses and Men too, inso much that in many Places they could not get to the lower Bottoms at all, and in general did not raise near the Quantity they should otherwise have done — That they now employ a Change of Twelve Horses Two at a Time, the Wheel being perpetually going Day and Night, and that it most certainly is necessary to have a Fire Engine to keep the Mine clear of Water; and that it is not possible that any Number of Horses that could be used should answer the feme Purpose. — And being asked, Whether an Act would not answer all the Purposes of a Fire Engine, and at less Expence ? he said, That not being a Miner he could not tell. — And being a feed, What is the present Depth of the Mines ? he laid 36 Yards on their Side, and 40 at that belonging to the

Macclesfield Company. — -And being asked, Whether he thought it would be possible to carry on the Works in Anglesey, without some Relief is given, similar to that in Devonshire and Cornwall, with respect to the Drawback on Coals? he said. That considering the excessive Poor-ness of the Ore, the increasing Depth from which it is raised, and the Weight of Water, he thought they could not.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

The House being informed that Mr. from Exchequer

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Bills* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the 25th Day of February 1783, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of " Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year 1782."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the Twenty-fifth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two."

THE Exchequer Bills issued since the Twenty-fifth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, by virtue of the above-mentioned A ft, amount to the Sum of Four Hundred and Five Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 11th Day of April 1783.

John Hughsan.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the Town and County of the

Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distrefe, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending Vo 1* 59.

foe Road from the North Gate of the City of TVtn-Chester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch* and other Places, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Whtrwtll, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton; And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Leeds and Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and en- Liverpool larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Canal* Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated

368 n° Aprilts.A. 1783,

rated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from " Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North " Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey" to purchase the Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts, is committed.

Tavistock Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Itepaaling A Bill to repeal lb much of Two Acts, made in the AA prohibit- Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His withAmtrica Pre^ent Majesty, as prohibits Trade and intercourse with the United States of America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St.Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Adjournment. . Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Fontefrad Mr. Elwes, from the Select Committee, who were

Election. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Smyth, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of PontefraQ, in the County of York.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Smyth, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said John Smyth, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Pontefract.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the last Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, and inlerting the Name of John Smyth, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- American poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pre- fiade-venting any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence, at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

" and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited,

" certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution."

And the Question being put. That those Words b^ there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution: And that Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Eden, and Mr. St. Andrew St. John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Pains, Ac. on further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflictiivg Rumbold and certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Ba- eru"*'

ronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coalt of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel. for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced Evidence in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were Adjmi-not present, the House was told by Air. Speaker, and ment. Forty Forty Members not being present, and it being then Tvleni, er> not after Four of the Clock; present.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next.

Ten of the Clock.

WILLIAM

L. Steward's Deputation.

23 Geo. III. — 369

TTf IL LI AM Earl of DLord Steward of

His Majesty’s Houffield, and One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council; To all to whom thele Prelents shall come. Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my laid Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Prelents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Charles JVolfran -wall, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable William Pitt, the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish, the Right honourable Frederick Lord

North, the Right honourable Henry Seymour the Right honourable Charles James Far, the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the Right honourable Wel-bore Ellis, the Right honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Charles Jenthe Right honourable Isaac Barrb, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, the Right honourable Earl Nugent, the Right honourable I^ord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Earl Verney, the Right honourable Lord George Cavendish, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Bateman, the Right honourable Lord Viscount ingbrooke, the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, the Right honourable Thomas Harley, the Right honourable Charles Townshend, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, the Right honourable William

Eden, Lord Viscount Althorpe, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Anthony Bacon, John Elwes, Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Baronet, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, William Chaytor, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Sir John Eden, Baronet, Sir John Thorold, Baronet, Daniel Parker Coke, Andrew Stuart, Sir George Warren, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Francis Anmsley, Sir Grey Cooper. Baronet, Henry Duncombe, William Baker, Martin Fonnereau, John Ord, Sir William Augustus Cunynghume, Baronet, George Byng, Christopher Atkinson, William Ewer, Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, John Baring, Adam, the Honourable George Augustus North, Lord Viscount Mahon, George Onslow, Sir Edward Astley, Baronet, John

Darker, Sir James Cockburne, Baronet, Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Thomas Steele, Robert Vyner, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, James Wallace, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Thomas Gilbe, Richard Jackson, Edward Morant, Thomas Powys, William Strahan, Thomas Bcrney Bramston, George Dempster, John Crewe, Humphry Sib thorp, Thomas Orde, William Lygoti, Sir George

Savile, Baronet, Sir Charles Gould, William Drake, Junior, Matthew Brickdule, Francis Eyre, John Wilkes, Clement Tudway, John Ro/le, James William Jollijj'e, Winchcombe Henry Hartley, William Mor-

ton Pitt, Abel Moysey, Sir Richard Hotham, Bamber Gascoyne, Junior, Sir Wat kin Lewes, Sir Charles Turner, Baronet, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, the Honourable Charles Marsham, Francis Page, John Strutt, Archibald

Macdonald, Richard Hopkins, Dudley Long, Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet, Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, William Pturner, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet, Sir George Howard,

Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Frederick Montagu, John Robinson, Clarke Jervoise,

Lord Viscount Duncannon, Charles Barrow, Sir Edmomtone, Baronet, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, William Wilberforce, Lord Viscount Maitland, Sir Richard

Sutton, Baronet, Richard Hill, Lord Viscount Lewisham, Charles Brett, Jacob Wilkinson, Robert Gregory, Edward Eliot, Charles Mellish, the Earl of Surrey, John Parry,

Vol. 39.

Robert Mackreth, Lloyd Kenyon, William Huffey, Ambrose Goddard, Thomas Lucas, Thomas Staunton, William Praed, Philip Yorke, Thotnas WhitmWilliam Master-man, John Webb, James Murray, Sir Wrottesley, Baronet, Filmer Honyuood, William Graves, Thotnas Stanley, John Kenrick, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Charles Penruddock, Henry Strachey, Sir James Petmyman, Baronet, Henry Rosexearnc, Nathaniel Newnham, Samuel Salt, Gabriel Steward, George Graham, Lord New-haven, William Charles Sloper, Charles Morgan, Sir Walter Rawlinson, Lord Westcote, George Ross, and Robert Smith, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing ad " Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and " fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all , and every other Statute and Statutes directing the ta'king of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirtj-fii ft Day of October 1780; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baton of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better fegulating " the Election of Members to serve in the House of " Commons for that Part of Great Britain called " land, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court " of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the " Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to " fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons," according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s lieign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, choien a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ana who was not, were not, or shall not be, present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner as if I myself had personally been present and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal, this Twelfth Day of April, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and, Ireland King, Defender of the Faith <§?. Annoque Domini 1783.

Dartmouth, (l. s.)

5 B

Cen. Boyd* Answer to Thanks.

Pontefrafi

Fled ion.

Wilden Ferry to Burton upon Trent Navigation.

Birmingham Poor, &c.

Debtors Petition.

Cirtncester

R«ad.

14° Aprilis. A. 1783.

Luna, 14° d;

Anno 23* Georgii II1'U Regis, 17S3.

pRAtEKS.

MR. Speaker acquainted the Housej That he had received, from Lieutenant General Boyd, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 1 -2th Day of December last.

Sir, Gibraltar, March 13th, 1783.

By His Majesty’s Frigate Thetis, which arrived here the 10th Instant, I was honoured with your most polite Letter of the 13th December, inclosing a Resolution of the House of Commons, in which I am named as an Officer of this Garrison worthy of their Thanks.

For this, in my Estimation one of the noblest Testimonials a British Officer can receive of his Service, I am to beg you would be pleased to offer the most cordial Acknowledgements of a worn-out Veteran; who has served Fifty-three Years, most of that Time Abroad, and who now only laments that from the rapid Progress of Age and Infirmities, he cannot hope to be of any further Service to his King and Country.

I am, Sir, with great Respect,

Your most obedient,

humble Servant,

Bob' Boyd.

Right honourable C. W. Comexva

8cc. &c. &c.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

An ingrossed Bill for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the fume with Horles.

Ordered, That the Lord Lewisham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Lawley, Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol in and for the County of Salop, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town

06

of Tetbury, to a Gate in the same County near the Monument upon Lansdmm; and also a Road from Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stons in the Bath Road, through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a Road from thence through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swansuick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath; and for continuing the present Road from the said Comer, to or near the Monument upon Lansdawn, until the intended Road from the said Corfier to or near Lambridge, be made fit for Travelling.

Ordered, That Mr. Daubeny do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rotherhith. for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Paving, &c. Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Forehoe for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth Poor-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ruther’sXat. naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an DispoiUion Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Grams, of the Year 1782, have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal l’o much of Two Acts, made Repealing in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse WithAmtiica. with the United States of America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Supply, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House accordingly relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

3 Geo. lit. 14" — 150

371

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

lltsolved. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelt' into a Committee of the whole Jloufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wean*. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Coals ofed in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wines'*^ *° rc lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.’

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a lLlUution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pltafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jlepreffnta- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and tn>n 'n *’al‘ Commonalty, of the City of Chichester, in the County lament. Gf Sussex, was 11relented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently with to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most furious Consideradon the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil as to the House may leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pains, &c. on Resolved, That this House w ill. Tomorrow Morning, humbold and proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill l’erring. for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemcnnors, committed by them whilst they re-fpcfctively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Port Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

American Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, according Tiade. to Order, a Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate,

or other Document being required for any Ships

belonging to the United States of America arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom lor any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Vol. 59.

Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tommorrow’ Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Clithero* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of John Lee, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according Kingsomloni to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of Kingsomborn, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; arid read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Government the better Regulation and Government of the British of indilt Possessions in India, and for the Security and Preserva- 1>ofiessions-tion thereof: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Arden, and Mr. Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for vacating certain Grants, AboliOunc* and for abolishing various obsolete ‘and useless Offices, certain in the Customs; for giving an adequate Coropenfa- Offices of tion to the Grantees thereof, both in Possessiou and ^*e Custom8-’ Reveifion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 15° die Aprilis;

Anno 23" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. tiett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mutiny and Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Desertion. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny " and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the " Army and their Quarters," so far as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trent and to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Years of a 6a lon* the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to and a Rail-

way from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom

the

Clerkenwell

Poor.

Coals used in A ng It ley Mines.

I'ulteney’s

locates.

Browne's

Name.

15° Aprilis. 1783.

the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building " a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employtnent of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, " Clerkaruell, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second^Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Daues, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Hie of Anglesey, was referred, the Resoludon which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for encouraging the working of Copper and I^ead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey, a Drawback be allowed of all Duties on such Coals as shall be used for frnelting Copper and Lead Ores, and for working Fife Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the said Isle.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Steele and Mr. Parry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eluesreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling William Pulteney, Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of London, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the said William Pulteney, the only , Party concerned, had appeared before the Committee, and given his Consent to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Elxves do carry the Bill to the Isol ds; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, de-cealed, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the sup?’y. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four hundred and Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills iflited fmee the Twenty-fifth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Jones, from the Net Produce Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; of Taxes, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguish-ing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Removal of are thereunto subscribed, Dealers in Tea, within the Tea.

City and County of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, and other Purposes; it is enacted, That all Tea seized by any Officer of the Customs, or for the Inland Duties upon Tea, for any Cause of Forfeiture in any Part of England, shall, before the same is fold, be deposited in some Warehouse to be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise and Customs in England, within the City of London, in order to be there publickly fold; which Clause the Petitioners conceive bath been attended with very pernicious Consequences to the Revenue and Fair Traders of the City of Exeter, and the Country adjacent; for, the Petitioners being now obliged to send to London for their Teas, and allow a Profit on what is bought there, which, together with the high Price of Carriage into the Country, hath occasioned the Price of Low Teas to come so high to the Consumer, that it hath almost put an entire Stop to any Tea being sold at the entered Shops as before the passing of the said Act, greatly reduced the Number of Retailers, and been very instrumental in promoting Smuggling; whereas, before the passing of the said Act, the Petitioners were able to supply themselves with Teas at the Custom Houses in and near Exeter, and render them on equal Terms with the London Traders, by which Means great Quantities were sold at the entered

Shops,

Geo. III. 15* ApriHs. 373

Shops, and Smuggling in a great Measure checked; and OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year Table, of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted, That no

Dealer in Tea out of the Bills of Mortality shall fend by The Hooie being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Disposition

any Conveyance more than Twenty Pounds Weight of Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, of Grant*.

Tea, at one Time, which also lays the Petitioners under at the Bar, presented to the House, pbriuant to their great Inconveniences, and is attended with much Loss Order,

and Injury to the Trade of the said City, and the Country An Account shewing how the Money given for the adjacent, the Modes of Conveyance to the different Service of the Year 1782 has been difboled of, distin-Parts of that Country being less frequent and fewer in guished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day Of Number than those in and near the Metropolis, and April 1783, and the Parts remaining tinfatisfied, wkh the Quantity of Twenty Pouhns Weight being an in- the Deficiency thereupon, sufficient Supply for their Customers until another And then he withdrew.

Opportunity of Conveyance can be obtained: And And the Title of the said Account wai read,

therefore praying the House to take the same into their The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Consideration, and that such Relief may be granted the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 39.

5 C

An

a

eg'

« — h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

O

O

W

FT

2.3

9t

g §?

& O r D

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1782 has been disposed of, distinguHhed under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of

April 1783, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

4*

SERVICES.

{ For Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 100,000 Men, including 21,305 Marines, from the 1 ft Day

of January 178a ....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1782 -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1782 -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy -

4.940.000 409,766

953»5i9

1.500.000

d.

12 9

S f For Ordnance Sea Service ---------- 260,000 — —

g I For Ordnance Land Service - - - - 696,001 13 5

g ] For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in O I the Year 1781 ----------- 899,7*3 15 7

o

To enable the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the 20th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, Ac. -

For defraying the Charge of 49,455 Etledive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1782 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The West Indies, and Africa, for the

Year 1782..... ——

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for the Year 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1782 -

For defraying the Charge of an additional Company, and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Cloathing, for the Year 1781 ——

To the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards ——

For defraying the Charge of Additionals to 3 Regiments of Foot, and of forming a Regiment under the Command of Major General Stuart Douglas, from their respective Commencements, to the 24th Day of December 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and 2 Regiments of Foot, from the 24th of September 1781 to the 24th of December following ——

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to one Regiment of Light Dragoons, 7 Battalions, and a Detachment of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1782 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1782 -

For defraying the Charge of 5 Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for 3 Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of 13,472 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1782 ——

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the 6th of April 1781 to the 24th Day of December following -

For defraying the Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1782 ——

For defraying the Charge of 2,094 Men of the Troops of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1782 For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1782 -For defraying the Charge of 1,559 Men of the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anlpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1782- ——

To make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the said Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain,

being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the 2d of March 1781 to the 24th of December following

£. 1. d.

1,342,835 2 3

i,3>5,523 5 10

43,84 6

677,497 15 10

100,594 17 1

54’ H 1

77,595 19 2

574 18 4

i>6?5 10 4

31,329 18 8

36,380 10 8

92,881 17 l

56,074 19 4i

367,203 9 10

15,499 17 5

93,947 15 8

6j,io8 11 — i

17,498 3 *1

43,665 12 3

3,282 12 5

Sums voted.

£. $. d.

7»83>*85 ia q

1,855,725 9 —

16,364 10 5

Sums paid.

£. *. d.

7,095,228 12 —

855,7*5 9 —

Remains to be paid.

£. i. d.

708,057 — 9

16,364 10 5

cn

o

vl

00

04

g

cg‘

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

CO

VO

<3

c

19 — H —

f For defraying the Charge of 933 Men, of the Troops of Anhalt Zerbst, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the

Year 1782 - .....- 23,818 II 11J

To make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of Anhalt Zerbft, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an

Augmentation to the said Troops, from the 18th of April 1781 to the 24th of December following ----- 4,942

For defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1782 55,469

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1782 - - 27,683

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of llis Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred between £. s. d. the 31st Day of January 1781 and the lit Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament - - - 3,436,399 6 — *

From which deduct the following Sums granted towards satisfying the same; vis.

Of Money remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, being the respited Pay £. s, d.

of sundry Regiments, for the Year 1776 - -- - 9*323 6 8

D° in the Hands of D°, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments, for the Year 1777 - - 28,346 5 —

lr in the Hands of D°, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments, for the Year 1778 - - 17*448----

D° in the Hands of D°, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments, for the Year 1779 - - 37»3°°-----

D° in the Hands of D°, out of the Monies or Savings of Sums voted by Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1781 .

- 63,928 2 6

156,345 H 3

3,280,053 11 ioJ

H

o

To the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them to carry on their Trade For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1782 -For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1782 -

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782 For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782 For defraying the Civil Establishment of West Florida, for the Year ended the 24th Day of June 1779 -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Jlland of St. John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1782 to the 1 ft of January 1783 ——

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to (late the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament ——

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year 1782 ——

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

Towards re-building His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has beeniffued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses ——

To replace the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

r To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1781 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted A° 1778, on 5th

of July 17 & 1..... ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying *Annuities, granted A° 1779, on D°

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Anuuuies, granted A° 1780, on 5th of April 1781 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1780, at Lady Day 1782 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for Service of the Year 1780, at Michaelmas 1782 ——

w To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1781 ——

Towards the Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3tl1, ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 1,500,000 /. in Exchequer hills, made out by virtue of an Act 210 Georgii 3lli, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1782, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 1,900,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 21° Georgii 3til, and charged upon the

first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1782, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - .

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 1,000,0001, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act, 21° Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the . first Aids, granted for the Service of the Year 1782, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

T»n i'< e good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry Amercan Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government - .

7V661,421 13 4l

5,000 — —

5.83° 1 6

5.021 10 5

2,536 — —

3*95° — —

2,700 —

3,000 — —

194)00 — —

15,000 — —

25,000 — —

3,000 — —

10,000 — —

8,908 9 ii

»4>7 >9 4 —

35.149 8 -i

183,380 3 8

102,806 9 —

»53.i93 8 11

163,035 11 4f

299,652 4 4i

19,667 5 nf

*,113 16 Hi

1,559.445 4 4l

1,939,949 8 8

1,024,322 1 5

73,704 8 —

7,645,237 7 9i

5,000 — —

5.830 1 6

5,021 10 5

2,536 — —

3.950 — ' —

2,700 — - — *

3,000 — —

18,200 — —

15,000 — —

15,000 — —

3,000 — —

10,000 — — ,

8,908 9 i*

H,7»9 4 —

35.149 8 -J

183,380 3 8

102,806 9 —

153,193 8 11

163,035 11 4f

299,652 4 4i

19,667 5 ui

8,113 16

1,559,328 5 5i

L939.736 3 1

1.024,322 1 5

73.704 8 —

w

o

16,184 5 7

n6181* 213 5 7

C3-?

5 a. T |

Vl

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 2-2° Georgii 3liJ ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors of 13,500,006 /. for Annuities, and of 405,000l. for a Lottery ——

To the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said 13,500,000l. and 405,000l.

For the Charges and Expenses attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1782, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

£. 9. <L

405,000-----

76,265 6 6 ii,878 3 9 n,75o----

1,000,000-----

£. 1. d.

405,000-----

76,265 6 6 11,878 3 9

7,300----

1,000,000 — —

£>5

n

F §

d O*

vl

ON

4,450-----

*4,537,775 11 6$

a3>77*,5°9 i° 3f

756,i8 0 3

W AY S and MEANS towards answering the fame; viz*.

£. t.d.

2,000,000 — —

750.000 — — 13*500,000 — —

405.000 -

200.000 -

670,760 11 2f

2,084,715 10 8 10,251 18 11 *3,^45 7

1,500,000 -- —

1,900,000 -

1,000,000 — —

900----

By 45A. per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1782.

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

Out of disposeable Money remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund.

Out of disposeable Money there of the said Sinking Fund on 5th of April 1782.

Out of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Carti remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1783.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the said Year 1783.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1783.

Of the Tax on Licences taken out by Persons dealing in Lottery Tickets.

245,273 3 4f

282,502 8 2 Deficiency of Ways and Means.

24*527,775 11 6f

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to the Lottery - - - 4,450-----

In Cash of the Sinking Fund - - - 362,003 16 7$

To be applied out of tho futurs Surplus of the said Sinking Fond, to complete 2,284,715 /. 10*. 8d.....107,229 16 si

473^83 13 1

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

281,502 8 2

MeirtUm.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; vial.

For the late African Company's Creditors -For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,496/. 191. 1 J d.

£. 1. d.

- 900 12 10

- 57«> *7

£. 1,471 10 si

And there remains unpaid of 8,702,2771. 5 s. 8 cl granted for Naval Service*, &c. in the Year 1781 To complete 36,207/. 4s. 3d. granted towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House in 1781

To answer which, there remains to be paid by the East India Company, in full of 400,000l.! granted towards the Supply for the Year 1781 -.....J

£. <L 98,392 7 W 1,607 12 si

100,000 —

Presented this 15th Day of April 1783, by ms

W. Speer.

£gZ,i y 8Si

American

Trade.

Members take Oaths.

Hesket, &c. Hoads*

a 3 Geo. III. 150 Aprilis.

in

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for preventing any Manifell, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of ,arriving from

thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir James Lcwther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for widening, repairing, and amending, the Road " from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and " from thence by Lorton, over JVhinlatter, to Keswick,

" in the County of Cumberland -, and from Keswick,

" by Dummail Rays and Am to Kirby in Ken- " dall, in the County of Westmorland; and from -

garth's Cross, uear Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the

" Lake called Windermere, in the County of -

" land; and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of " Penrith, in the County of Cumberland," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Horsham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, the County of Sussev, in the room of James Wallace, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, pursuant to their Surplusses. Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 17S2: And

b,

Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1782.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followed); viz.

Vol. 39.

5l>

Acstract

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSS

g

cq"

r — t-'

n'

CD

CL

CT

0

o

FT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - - *

To Calli remaining the re on the 10th Day of October 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament #

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1782; via. *

Surplus of the A garegate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 5°7>4^3 *5

D° - - - of the Sooth Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 - - 104,092 1

D° - - - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Foho 3 - - 415>972 !9 4*

1,027,5^9 1 H

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 5th Day of April 1782, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

Dr.

355>476

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georg// 2'1‘, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Winea and Strong Waters, granted per Act \6° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to Du Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2rii, for the Service of the Year 1743* brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 . Georgii 2<’1, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glals, granted by the same Act; with the Sum brought to the same in Part of 63,078/. 8s. 8//. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17c Georgii 3tU, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2dl The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Gcoigii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

The Duty on Licences, to be takeu out by all Persons dealing in, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 3 2° Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Duty of 35. 4 c/. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di -

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from Britishi or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2ril -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 2^ ——

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2di, forraif-, , ing the Sum of 1,750,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2di -The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and oilier exciseable Liquors brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2dl The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di -

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted oi by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

gg 33* Georgii Mdi.....-

cT The additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like -

£. $. d.

18,063-----

io,553-----

6,929 >7 3i

32,7*4 *9 4 46,435 7 —

84,177 *8 1

3,132-----

123,187 15 5

132,486 *3 9i

3,687-----

51,808 13 10$

14,372 *5 6£

26,249 -

5*303 -

34,6/9-----.

1,246 1 74

£S, stated the 5U1 Day of April 1782.

CS>

e

c

St

1. d.

I loj

Per Contra

Cr,

By the Chief Culhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay j Half a Year’s inteieft, alter the llute of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1782, as well on the Principal Sum of 37,770.9-24/. la. 9\d. remaining I unredeemed of 39,281,5-21/. 5* »f'/. in 3/. per Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several A els of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 2,150,000l. added to the said Remain by an Act 160 Georgii 3th, in respect of 2,000,000l. borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776 -

j Bv Ditto, for ('barges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time j By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1782, oq 8,715>75»° to which the Contributors of 5,810,500 /. were entitled, who completed

their whole Payments on or before the 3th Day of July 1781; which Sum of 5,810,500l. is Part of 12,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to an Act 2i« Georgii 3lil, the Contributors whereof are entitled to 50/. per Centum additional Capital, making together 18,000,000l. at 3/. per Centum per Annum, which by the said Act is directed to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the above 3 /, per Centum Annuities ——

By Ditto, to pay One Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1782, ou 9,284,250/; to which the Contributors of 6,189,500 /. wore entitled, who did not complete their whole Payments until after the said 5U1 Day of July 1781; which Sum of 6.180,500l. is the Residue of the above 12,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the said Act 2i° Georgii 3lu -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1782, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of 18,353,773 /. 16s. 4 d. remaining unredeemed of 19,183,323/. 165. 4 d. in Annuities, consolidated, and charged upon this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 2dI, and 50 Georgii 3ui, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300l. which, pursuant to the Acts 330 Georgii 2di, and 20 Georgii 3ti!*, stood reduced to 3/. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 210 Georgii 3til is directed to be added to, and made One Joint Sleek with, the said remaining Sum of 18,353,773/. 16*. 4*/.

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1782, being after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on 1,919,600l. to which 2,100,000l. borrowed on Credit of this Fund, by an Act 240 Georgii 2*11 is reduced* by abating from the same 180,400l. subscribed and redeemed, in puiiuauce of the Acts 120, 140, and 150 Georgii 3lU -

By Ditto, for Charge s of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dI, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1782 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorftiip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on thi* Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1782 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3Ui, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1782 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Ditto, to pay Haifa Year’s Aunuity, due the 5th Day of April 1782 (being after the Rate of4/. per Centum per Annum) on 5,000,000l. borrowed and charged upon this Fui.d by an Act 170 Georgii 3d1 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Ditto, to pay Haifa Year’s Annuity, after the Rate of 4/. per Centum per Annum, on 3,000,000 /. due the 5th Day of April 1782, being the Amount of 25/. per Centum additional Capital in 4/. per Centum, Annuities, granted to the Contributors of 12,000,000 /. borrow ed for the Service of the Year 1781, pursuant to the Ad 21° Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on 5,000,000 /. borrowed pursuant to the Ad 170 Georgii 3th, for Haifa Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1782.....-----

OO

£. s. d.

598,813 17 11 >*49 *7

5 —

378,527 10 — HH cn ' 0

& a

560,101 2 if 10,501 17 io£

2«,794 — —

539 17 9

13.534 10 -

270 — —;

124,125

L745 10 1$

100,000 ___ *

1,406 5 — V]

OO

00

60,000 -

12,500 -

Vol. 39. Abstract

Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like To the Snblidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3*2* Georgii -idl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33°Georgii 2dl To the Arrears of the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account, pursuant tA an Act 21° Georgii 3lii -

To the additional Inland Duty on CofTer, brought to this Account, pursuant to Acts 330 Georgii f2u‘, and 50 Georgii 3111 -

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by ail Act 24° Georgii ‘2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 1° Georgii 3tU -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33® Georgii 2dl, and 6° Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3111 -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33* Georgii brought to.

this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3U‘

To the add.tional Duty upon Strong Leer and Ale, granted by an Act 1° Georgii 3ui, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4°Gcor^/i 3111 To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c, granted and made a Part of this Fond by an Act 5* Georgii 3tU - -

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like -To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Fart of this Fund by ail Act 6° Georgii 3tU -To the additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, Ac. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3th -To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported*, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU -To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8 Georgii j*11 To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*\ brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3til To the additional Duty upon Coaches, Ac. granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3lii, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant te the same Act ——

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 170 and 19* Georgii 3tU To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3U1 -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 17* Georgii 3tU -To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3lil -

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3th To the additional Duty of 5/. per Centum upon the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21° Georgii 3lil -

To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pu:suant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tU

3,183 12 lof *4>9U3-----

5:97' *7 'I 200 -

2,371-----

226-----

37.346 —

179.189 — -

33.904 - — 94.143 — —

214,857 —

4,007 t6 8 816-----

4,000-----

4.419 % 3

3,106 5 8

14.893 2 3

4,613------

11,011 — —

27,511 — — 5,139 — —

22,399----

20,130 — — 9,061 6 8

15.453 ‘ 7

8,318-----

195,425 2 if

54,859 — —

1,499

1.657.951 £

HI*

Ry Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - - 175 J5 7i

I By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of 4>9?°>77 *1- 3* 3i^- remaining unredeemed of 5,000,000l. borrowed by virtue I of an Act 31® Georgii $dI, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was; b\ a Clause in the said Act charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th

Day of January 1782- 1,400 16 10

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1782, of the I Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2dl, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament - -- 20,352 16 7I

Ry Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1782, of the j Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 3"1, which, by a { Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firtt Supplies to be granted in Parliament ----- 73,099 1 10J

j By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1782, of the

I Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act qo° Georgii 3ta, which, by a

! Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to bt

I granted in Parliament - -- - 42,421 17 11

I By Cash taken towards the Supply for the Year 1782, pursuant to an Act 22*

j Georgii 3th - -- -- 200,000-----

I 2,270,19 6 1 5$

i By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Dif-I position of Parliament ----- - 670,760 11 2}

£. 2,940,956 12 8

This being the 119th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii lm‘ (Page 367) is humbly presented this 15th Day of April

178a.

R. B. Sheridan.

VO

2,685,480 10 9I

tn

c

£. 2,940.956 14 8

stpsdy fii III oao £5

g

eg'

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

FT

ABSTRACT of the said Strplusses, stated the loth Day of October 1782.

Tht Stfrfcqwer to the Sinking Fund -

To Cash remaining the re on the 3th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament

To Surplus Monies ariseto within ta Half Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1782; via*. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -

Ditto of the Sourh Sea Company’* Fund, brought from Account, Folio *

Ditto - of the General Fund, brought from Actoout, Folio 3 -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of (k&ober 1782, pursuant to the several

Alts of Parliament in this Behalf; vial.

Df.

£. *. <?. 670,760 11

£ 1. «/.

959*39® 8 4*

1/0*035 18 11 504.585 19 10

1,634,020 7 i£

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Alt 4* Georgii 2*1 for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 25° Georgii 2dr Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Alt 160 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Alt 180 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Alt 190 Georgii 2*11, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Alt, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of 63,078/. 8*. Sd. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Alt 17* Georgii 3*11, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Alts ——

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Alt 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 250 Georgii 2di -The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Alt 21° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce oij Wrought Plate, granted by an Alt 6° Georgii lm‘, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D# -The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Alt 320 Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Alt 6° Georgii 3UI, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

The Duty of 3s. 4<Z. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 26° Georgii 2dl -

The Duty of 125. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Alt 100 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 270 Georgii 2d* -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Alt 2° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 28° Georgii 2^ -

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Alt i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of 1,750,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Alt 28° Georgii 2dl - . - - - - .

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 290 Georgii 2dl ——

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account puifuaut to one other Alt 290 Georgii 2*11 -

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Alt 30" Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Alt 320 Georgii 2^ -

The additional Duty on Cgals exported, the like - - - - ‘

d.

21.565 11 7

9.560 — —

24495 19 8

28,568 19 4

50,593 12 6

>46,443 >3 7

3.0*2 17 6

153,046 10 4*

169476 15

6,409 — —

62,566 16 7

31,845 13 3

25,855 3 11

3.751 15 3

49,331 18 4

3,685 18 <

£. 1.

598,813 17

11,149 17

d.

2j-

51

Per Contra Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Hate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1782, as well on the Principal Sum of 37,770,924/. 1 s. 9$of. remaining unredeemed of 39,281,5*21/. 55. ljd. in 3/. per Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Alts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 2,150,000/, added to the said Remain by an Alt 16° Georgii 3lfl, in respect of 2,000,000l. borrowed towards the Supply of the Year

*776 - ....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Intel eft, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1782, on 18,000,000l. being the Amount of 12,000,000l. contributed pursuant to an Alt 210 Georgii 3lU, and the additional Capital of 50/. per Centura, to which the Contributors thereof were entitled, and which 18,000,000l. was directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, the above 3/. per Centum Consolidated Annuities - - 270,00a — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for One Year and Six Months, due the said 5th Day of July

1782.....15,187 10 —

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th of October 1782, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of 18,353,773/. 165. 4*/. remaining unredeemed of 19,183,323/. 165. 4 d. in Annuities, consolidated, and charged upon this Fund by Alls 250 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3m, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300l. which, pursuant to the Alls 330 Georgii 2di and 2° Georgii 3tU, itood reduced to 3/. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3d1, is directed to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the said remaining Sum of

18,353*773ldSt 4<*- - " 560,101 2 1$

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - -- -- - 10,501 17 loj

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1782, being after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on 1,919,600l. to which *,100,000l. borrowed on the Credit of this Fund by an Alt 240 Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the Time 180,400 /. subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Alls 120, 140 and

150 Georgii 3lil.....- - *8*794 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - 539 l7 9

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an All 3on Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Alt 320 Georgii 2d‘, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1782 - - - 13*47° 6 3

ob

p

150 Apriks. A. 1783.

g

CQ

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

CD

<3

O

CO

to

CA

W

The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like - - 9,185 7

D° - - - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like - 16,483 6

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3a0 Qcorgii

2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 261 - - - - 100,324 3

To the Arrears of the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - 112 9

To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

210 Georgii 3d1 - -- - 346 —

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts

330 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3UI ---- - 576 —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act $4° Georgii 2*1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3,u - 28,773 —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2*11 and 6* Georgii

3liJ, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii 3tU - - - 141,034 4

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2* Georgii 3tU, and brought

to this Account pursuant to the same Act ----- 30,081 —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3tU ---- 278,083 —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1° Georgii 3tU,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3th.....398,742 —

To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods,

Ac*, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3111 - - 3,781 l7

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - 2,268 6

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and

made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU 3,500 —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c\ granted and made a

Part of this Fund by one other Act 6* Georgii 3tU - - - - 1215

To the additional Duty upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and

made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3111 ---- —

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3° Georgii 3lU,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3ni ----- 32,237 4

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3ui, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU ----- 3,860 —

To the additional Duty on Coaches, &c\ granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3ui, brought

to this Account pursuant to the said Act - 12,138 —

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News

Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - 33,914 2

To the additional Duty on Curds and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - - - 3*641 7

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Aoftioneers, and the Duties on all Lands,

Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts i7°and 190 Georgii 3tA1 - -21,414 —

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought

to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii gtU - - - 23,910 —

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glufs, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3tU.....- 19/5H 8

To Arrears of the Tax on all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account

pursuant to the said Act - - - - 6,103

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to

an Act 210 Georgii 3^ - - 44*515

To the Duties on Tobacco and on Sugar, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tU - - - 120,974 —

To the additional Duty of 5 L per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of Excise,

granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3tU - 61,537 —

To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3Ui - - - 253 —

<4

3

3

4

"4

7

8

> 4

7

9

4

6*

6

---- a,187,635 1 as

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3*", for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1782 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts 1* and 20 Georgii 3d1 for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3,u, for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1782 - -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1782 (being after the Rate of 4/. per Centum per Annum) on 5,000,000l. borrowed and charged upon this Fund by an Act 17* Georgii 3tU -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, after the Rate of 4/.

per Centum per Annum, on 3,000,000l. due the 10th Day of October 1782, being the Amount of 25/. per Centum additional Capital in 4/ per Centum Annuities, granted to the Contributors of 12,000,000l. borrowed for the Service of the Year 1781,

pursuant to the Ad 210 Georgii 3d1....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for One Year and Nine Months, due the said 10th Day of October

1782 - ....

By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on 5,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the Ad 170 Georgii 3d1, for Haifa Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1782 - -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of 4,980,772/. 3s. remaining unredeemed of 5,000,000l. borrowed by virtue of an Act 31° Georgii for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was by a Clause in the said Act charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July

1782 -.....‘

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid at the Exchequer for Imprest Rolls; for a Quietus at the Pipe Office; for 2 Years Accounts to the 5th Day of July 1777; for Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprefts; for passing the Accounts of Bank Annuities for 2 Years to the 5th Day of July 1777; and for examining and 6ngrofting the Accounts of Dividend Warrants for 4/. per Centum Annuities, Reduced Annuities, and Annuities which were granted for 10 Years to the 5th Day of April 1779; and for 3J/. per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1758, Long Annuities, and 3/. per Centum Consolidated Annuities to the 5th Day of July 1779 -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1782, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31* Georgii which, by a Clause in the said Act,

270-----

M

o

124 125---- V-H

l-H

i>745 10 14 J-H

100,000-----

M06 5 —

60,000 -

*,953 6

cn

o

12,500-------3

St;

175 15 74

1,400 16 10

10,164 5 n

00

00

SP

-i

5"

5?

M

To Monies granted out of the Supply Anno 178*, for the Purposes following, by an Act a*e Georgii 3tU, in that Behalf; rix.

To replace to this Fund the like Sam paid oat of the fame, to make good the DeiU ciency, on the 5U1 Day of July 1781, of the Fond eft&blifiied for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards

the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1781, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the ]8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid ont of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1781, of the Fond established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made id the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780 -

£. d.

35.149 — 1

183,330 3 8 104,806 9 —

153,193 U — 474,5^9 9

7i

S

O

(Q

1 — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

if to be replaced to this Fond out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - - - 269091 4 3 j

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency, on the said 5th Day

of July 178* of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by ki

an A a 18* Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament ----- 87,092 6 9 f

By Caih taken to make good the Deficiency, on the said 5th Day of July 1782, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an A« 190 Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - - 63,888 8 7 £

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1782, of the Fond for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 200 Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to he replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - 99,449 9 8 f

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1782, of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 22° Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to he replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament

- 138,682 17 4

By Cash taken towards the Supply for the Year 1782, pursuant to an Act 22° Georgii 3d1, being the Surplus of this Fund which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th

Day of April 1782.....670,760 11

By Cash taken in Part of 2,284,715/. 10s. 8 d. granted further towards the Supply of the Year 1782, pursuant to the said Act- -.....2,057,681 6

(n

2f 9

£. 4,966,945 9

a* S.

5-

This being the 120th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pur-(bant to an Act 90 Georgii l*1 (Page 367) is humbly piefeated this 15th Day of April 1783.

R. B. Sheridan.

k

OO

00

Pearhurck

Street,

Old Jewry, London.

EaA India

Affaire.

Army

Paymaster

General’s

Office.

Elections — Preventing Bribery and Expence.

23 Geo. III. 150 Jprilis. 383

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Mr. William Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. fame.

A Bill for widening the North West End of Fenchurch The other Order of the Day being read;

Street, within the City of London, was read a Second The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pains, &c. on Time. Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Rumbold and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Petes' i>ernng' Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c: Perring, Esquire, far certain Breaches of public Trust,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. them, whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George,

Committee, to whom the Petition of the several House- on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies. holders in Cheapside, The Poultry, The Old Jewry, And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

Coleman Street, and Places adjacent^within the City of in.

London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the further in his Defence.

Committee had examined the Mutter of the said Petition, And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to directed to withdraw.

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-anri afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: posed, That the Counsel for and against the Bill be again

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; called in; and that the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold viz. be directed not to produce any further Evidence to

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. prove, that in the Year 1778 there was an Appre-

Francis Naizon informed your Committee, That the hension in India of a War between Great Britain and

Paflaue at the South End of The Old Jewry, next The France.

Poultry, is very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, both to Foot Passengers and Carriages, and is very withdrawn.

inconvenient to the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses Then the Counsel wrere again called in.

in and near the fame, from the many Obstructions to And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded

Trade and Commerce, it being a great Thoroughfare, and further in his Defence; and, having proposed to pro-one of the principal Avenues to the Bank and Royal duce Evidence in order to shew that the Apprehensions Exchange, from the public Roads on the North Side of of a War in India, at the beginning of the Year 1778,

the said City. were increased by the Number of French Troops then

And the Witness added, that he has known many in India;

Accidents happen from the said Obstructions, by which The Counfei for the Bill admitted, that a short Time many People have been hurt; and that if the said before the Arrival of Sir Thomas Rumbold in India,

Passage was properly widened, it would be of great there was a general Apprehension there of a War public Utility. with France; which Admission not being accepted

Mr. Edward Pearson confirmed the foregoing Evidence, by the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold, and the said Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Counsel still desiring to be permitted to produce to whom the Bill for widening the North West End of Evidence of the Number of the French Troops then in Fenchurch Street, within the City of London, is committed, India;

That they have Power to make Provision in the The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed laid Bill, for widening the South End of The Old to withdraw.

Jewry. Resolved, That, it being admitted by the Counsel

for the Bill, that, at the Beginning of the Year 1778,

Ordered That the Right honourable Edmund Burke there was a general Apprehension in India of a War the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, and the Ho- with France, the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be nourable John Toumshend, be added to the Select Com- restrained from offering any further Evidence upon that

mittee appointed to take into Consideration the State of Subject.

the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr.

Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it mall Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution. appear to them, to the House, with their Observations And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold pro-

thereupon. ceeded further in their Evidence; and, having offered to

read a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to India Company, dated the 30th of January 1778, in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon order to prove the Disapprobation of the said Directors the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last to the Appointment of Junior Servants to the Committee Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better of Circuit in Bengal;

" Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Majesty’a Forces Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold were beard the 5th Day of May next* resolve itself into the said in answer to the said Objection.

Committee. And One of the Counsel for the Bill having been

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered heard, by way of Reply;

to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the The Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed

said Committee upon Monday Fortnight, the 5th Day of to withdraw.

May next. And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be ad-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill mitted to give Evidence of the Instructions sent by the for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Directors of the East India Company, in January Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And 1778, to the Government of Bengal, signifying their that the Lord Mahon, Mr. Edward James Eliot, wad Disapprobation of the Appointment of Junior Ser-Vot. 39. vants

o

16° Aprilis.

A. 1783.

vants to -the Committee of Circuit in that Government;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

| 20.

Tellers for the Noes /The Mar{luis of g

1 ellers for the Ps oes, |Sir Renry: / 28‘

/Mr. Hale,

’’ [Mr. S

Mr,

So it paised in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw’.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Aprilis;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Hamvell

Inclosure.

Coals used in

AngL’fey

Mines.

Elections — Preventing Bribery and Expence.

Repealing prohibiting Trade withAmerica.

PltA VERS.

MR. Sloane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming, establishing, and making effefitual, the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ham'eU,in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant April;

The House divided.

The Yeas w’ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ' Hill: } 29’

Tellers for the Noes,|^rr ^^^ Basset, j 24>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elefitions of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse

with the United States of America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ireland — Act for removing and preventing all Doubts which have Legislative arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error, or Appeal, from any of His Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newnham t* Act for amending and widening the Road from the St. Whites Passage or Ferry over the River Severn, at Newnham, Road‘ in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sandon, Ac. to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in ®oa^* the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderston to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford; w ithout any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Staunton Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain "P°" "[ye. Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of c,ncoure* Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Selefit Com and Committee, appointed to take into Consideration an Afit, Grain, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A fit for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, and who were instrufited to consider of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Scarcity and high Price of Corn, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the several Matters to them referred, and had dire fifed him to report the Evidence that had been laid before them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the several Land Owners and Proprie- Leeds and tors of Estates within the several Townships of Rufford Liverpool and Tarleton with Sollom, in the County Palatine of Can"* Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That in the Year 1720, an Act was made for making the River Douglas, alias navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and that, in the Year 1770, another Act was made for making and main- . taining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the A Lady's Walk,

in

23 Geo. III. i6° Aprilis. 385

in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey; and Taking Notice of the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River alias

Asland, navigable from the River to Wigan, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal " from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the " North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River " Mersey," to purchase the Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation, for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts; and Alledging, that if the said Bill is passed into a Law as it now stands, it will be attended with great Injury to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel against such Parts of the said Bill, as they conceive may be prejudicial to them, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lltates adjoining the same Canals, and that the said Bill, as it now stands, may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Heftet, tec. An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads. Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for w idening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Hesket by Yeucs Bridge, to " Cockermouth; and from thence by Lorton over latter, to Keswick in the County of Cumberland; and " from Keswick, by Rays and Ambleside,

" to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; " and from Plumgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall " aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the " County of Westmorland', and from Keswick aforesaid " to the Town of Penrith, in the County of " land" was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for widening, repairing, and amending, the Road " from Hesket by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and " from thence, by Lorton over to Keswick,

" in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by " Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, " in the County of and from -

" garth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the " Lake called Windermere, in the County of " morland; and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland."

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Mi-Militia Pay, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drum-c* mere of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was r?ad a Second Time.

Vol. 39.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the East India United Company of Merchants of England, trading to Affairs. The East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of March last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Report as relates to allowing further Time to the East India Company to make certain Payments of Sums due to the Public, and enabling the said Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Dividend to be made to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company at Midsummer next.

A Petition of John Buller, Esquire, w’as delivered in gajta(h at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late EleAioo. Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, and Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Caleb Colton, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in favour of Sir Grey Cooper, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the Poll for the said Sir Grey Cooper, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Sir Grey Cooper, and he was returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saltash: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Pe-tioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi- . deration upon Friday the 9th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of John Coryton, Esquire, and others, Djtt0, Freeholders and Free Burgefi'es, by Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Freeholders and Free Burgefi’es by Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, John Buller, Esquire, and Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr.

Caleb Colton, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, took upon himself to reject the Votes of the Petitioners, and all the other Freeholders and Free Burgefi'es holding by Burgage Tenure within the said Borough, who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the said John Buller, and admitted upon the Poll for the said Sir Grey Cooper the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Sir Grey Cooper, and he was returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the other Freeholders and Free

5 F Burgefi’es

Duty on Soap.

Ways and Means.

Coals used in A n^le fey Mines.

386 160 — I'fAp. . 178 3.

Burgesses holding by Burgage Tenure, mid in Violation of the Rights and Priv ileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saliash: And therefore praying the House to take the Preraifes into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lait preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the J oth and tub Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grofe and Net Produce of the Duty on Soap, from the 5th Day of January 1782 to the 5th Day of July following.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when t|he House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the several Merchants and Manufacturers of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Walsall, and

Bilslon, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whole Names arc thereunto l’ubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and many other Perfops at the several Places before-mentioned, are extensively concerned in various Branches of Trade and Manufacture, wherein great Quantities of Copper and Lead are necessarily used; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented on Behalf of the Owners, Proprietors, and 'Lefices, of the Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, itating the Inconveniencies they labour under for want of Coal and other Fuel in the said Isle, and that, by reason of the high Price of and Duties on Coals there, it will be impossible for them to work the said Mines without having the same Drawback of Duties on Coals carried Coastways as are granted in respect of the Coals consumed in Cornwall and Devonshire in draining the Mines, and fmelting the Copper and Tin Ores within those Counties; and Representing to the House, that the

Consumption of Copper and Lead in the different Branches of Manufacture within this Kingdom, and the Exportation thereof, has greatly increased within a few Years last past, and, since the Copper Mines in Anglesey have been discovered and worked, the Petitioners have been the better enabled to get a necessary Supply of Copper for their Manufactures, and at lower Prices than otherwise would have been the Cafe; and they have great Reason to fear that, if some Parliamentary Relief is not given to encourage the Working of the said Mines in Anglesey, so as to put them on ,the same Footing with the Copper Mines in Cornwall and Devonshire, and thereby prevent that Monopoly always attendant upon exclusive Privileges, the Owners and Lefl’ees of the said Anglesey Mines, by reason of the extreme Poverty of the Ores, and the increasing Depth of the Mines, together with the high Duties upon Coals imported into Anglesey, may be discouraged from prosecuting the said Mines, which will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and all other Persons concerned in any Branch of Manufacture, wherein Copper is used, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the same of the said Owners, Lessees and Proprietors, of the said Copper and Lead Mines in Anglesey, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey, be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 17’ die Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgji III,a Regis, 1783. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Gentle-

man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Portland, the Duke of and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord President

of

Supply.

Royal Assent to Bills.

23 Geo. III. jj° Aprilis. 387

of the Council, the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Canal at near the Town of j and Royal Assent

Household, and the Earl of Mansfield, named also in also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal at or near t» Bills, the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify Siddingto to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the the Royal Afl’ent to the said Rills; which Bills are as Counties of Gloucester and Wilts. folloyreth; viz. An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of

An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct

.of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny thereunto' belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Black

" and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Fryars, in the City of London, as therein specified.

" Army and their Quarters," lb far as the same relates An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Sef-to the Realm of Great Britain. lion of Parliament, for the better Relief and Em-

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in ployment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of

,tlje Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Wapping, in the County of and for pro-

His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse vjding a prqper Work house and Burial Ground for with the United States of America. the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain

An Act for removing and preventing all Doubts Cotnmunications, , and making certain Streets, within the \vhich have arisen, or might arile, concerning the exclu- said Parish.

fiye Rights, of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland in An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Matters of Legislation and Judicature; apd for pte- Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for venting any Writ of Error or Appeal, from any of His the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom, from being received, the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk. heard, and adjudged, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in An Act for better paving, cleapfing, lighting, and the Kingdom of Great Britain. matching, the Streets, Kanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted and Railages, within the Parish of Saint Mary at Roto qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; therh'uhe, otherwise , in tire County of Surrey,

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, pr others, who and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy-have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications ances therein.

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further An Act to amend and render more effectual several

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members Aftp, ,passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth, and Six-

and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, jJersey, and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the

-to provide Admissious duly stamped; and to give further Chunty of Stafford.

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His pre-

Attomeys and Solicitors. lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, widening.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of " and repairing a Road from the North East Side of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of " the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, in the County Protestant Purchasers. " of and near to the Road called The New

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation " Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British " Road, oppofifo to The Doghouse Bar, and at and jand Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or " from The Doghouse Bar to the End of Chiswell

Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or " Street, ,by the Artillery Ground.''

,dyed in Great Britain. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads lead-

An Act for removing certain DisabiUties and Inca- ing from Welherby to Knaresborough, in the County of tpaqities occasioued by the Attainder of David OgUvy, York.

of Airly, Esquire. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall the Passage or Ferry over the River Secern at for the Cpupty of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, ham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes in foe said County and for the other Purposes therein of Newfihgm and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint mentioned. Whites, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest oi Dean, in the

An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench said County.

Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Ser- An Act to enlarge the Term apd Powers of an Act, vants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road of Surrey, and for the Relief of the said Parish with from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock respqft to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone Bench or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol to Draycqtt in the Moors, and from Wit ley Rocks tp qr House of Correction belonging to the said County; Tean, in the said County of Stafford. for, Regulating the Manner, of chusing Overseers of the An Act for yefting the Manor, or reputed Manor,

Ppor, and for appointing Collectprs of the Poor’s Rates, of Vintners, otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and within the said Parish. certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of

An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Kent, being Part of thie settled Estates of }he Right jBailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Coufer- honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of vatqrs of ttye Creat Level of the Fens, to fell their Ireland, in Trustees, ,to be sold; and for laying out the

Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Monies arising by such Sale in the Rurchafe of other

Levels, Part of the said, Great Level, which have been Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled in pr may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money lieu thereof to the like Uses.

.arising from such Sale towards discharging the Bond An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inberit-Hebts of the said Corporation, upon Account of those ance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near Levels. the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the

Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, at or near Leach- County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt, Esquire, and his

lade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

Vo 1.39. An

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

388 17 Aprilis.J. 1783.

An Act for enabling William , F.squire, to

grant Leafrs of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of London.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Hemhaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Rooss, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable Richard Newman Harding, Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard Newman, Esquire, deceased.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey, Esquire, with Elizabeth Thomson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing Urban Reybaz and

Alexander Aubert.

An Act for naturalizing John James Toumeisen.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from General Eliott and Major General La Motte the following Letters, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to them by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 12th Day of December last.

Gibraltar, March 18 th 1783.

Sir,

I mull intreat you to accept our grateful Acknowledgments for the high Satisfaction you are pleased to express in your Letter of 13th December 1782, received on the nth Instant by the Thetis Frigate, transmitting, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, the Two unanimous Resolutions respecting all who have served in the Defence of Gibraltar.

I have delivered to Lieutenant General Boyd, Major General De La Motte, and Major General Green, the several Inclosures addressed to them; and I have also communicated the Resolutions of the House to the whole Garrison.

We, the Officers, are highly sensible of the Honour conferred on us; the Sailors and Soldiers, I am confident, will receive the Honour done them with every Demonstration of Gratitude and Joy, as loon as it can be declared to them in suitable Military Form.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient, and

most humble Servant,

A. Eliott,

Right honourable Charles Wolfran Cornwall,

Sic. Si c.&c.

Gibraltar, 18th March 1783.

Sir,

I have the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of 13th December last, together with a Refutation of the House of Commons, ordering the Thanks of that House to be given to Lieutenant General Boyd,

Major General La Motte, Major General Green, Chief Engineer, to Sir Roger Curtis, and to the Officers,

Soldiers, and Sailors, lately employed in the Defence of Gibraltar.

I beg you will be pleased, Sir, to inform the House, that, for my Part, I have the highest Sense of the great Flonour the House of Commons of Great Britain has bestowed upon me by their Resolution.

I return you my particular Thanks, Sir, for the very polite Manner in which you have been pleased to communicate to me the said Resolution; and have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient and

most humble Servant,

A. De la Motte.

The Right honourable C. W.

Cornwall, Speaker to the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oakhampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of His Majesty s Ordnance.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wilden Ferry for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the i° Burton River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, ttVlgd lon‘ and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cirencester Act for completing and keeping in Repair the Road Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of to Oldfeld, otherwise Woefield Comer, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a Road from thence through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, and for continuing the present Road from the said Comer to or near the Monument upon Lansdown, until the intended Road from the said Corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Markfield, Act to revive and render more effectual an Act, &c. Road, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfeld Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Stiapc Gate;without any Amendment: And also,

The

Grefley't

Etiatcs*

Government of Kail India Poll'eilionf.

Browne’i

Name.

St Cuthbert inclosure.

Way* and lltau*.

23 Geo. III. 17 Aprilis*389

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Nigel Boncyer Gresley, Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staff, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also, to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the British Possessions in India, and for the Security and Preservation thereof; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his I flue Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuan tto the Will of William , Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his llfue Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Etwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Curtis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had direcded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities j and the further Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery, in Manner following; that is to say:

That every Contributor to the said Twelve Millions shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to Commence from the Fifth Day of January, One thou fend Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent A9s, and shall be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject. to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Centum consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there.

That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of Twenty-five Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain

Vol. 30.

Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cenlum, which were consolidated by the Atts of the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the feme Time, and in the same , Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said Four Pounds per Centum consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and to continue for the Term of Seventy-seven Years, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Twenty-five Pounds, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of every One hundred Pounds to be contributed, and paid towards raising the said Sum of Twelve Millions; which Annuity of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Centum lb to continue for Seventy-seven Years, shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, and Seventy-eight Years, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the feme Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England.

That the several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, Four Pounds per Centum, and Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

That every Contributor. towards raising the said Sum of Twelve Millions shall, for every One thousand Pounds contributed, be entitled to Four Tickets in a Lottery to consist of Forty-eight thousand Tickets, amounting to Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, upon Payment of the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Ticket, the said Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds to be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall be paid in Money, at the Bank of England, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, as loon after the First Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, as Certificates can be prepared, without any Dedu6tion whatsoever.

That every Contributor shall, on or before. the Twenty-fourth Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of Twelve Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum with the said Cashier or Cashiers, in Part of the Monies to be contributed towards raising the said Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery, as a Security for making the future Payments respectively, on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say, On 12,000,000l. to be raised by Annuities.

10/. per Centum on or before the 30th Day of May next.

5G 15/.

Lift of $ul»-scribers to Loan.

Ruther’9

Mat.

American

Trade.

39° 17 — 23

15 /. per Centum ort or before the 27th Day of next.

10 I. per Centum on or before the 29th Day of July

next

151.per Centum on or before the 29th Day of August

next

10 /. per Centum on or before the 26th Day of September next.

15/. per Centum on or before the 31st Day of October

next

10/. per Centum on or before the 5th Day of December next.

On the Lottery for 480,0001.

201, per Centum on or before the 3d Day of June

next.

25/. per Centum on or before the 11th Day of July next

20 I. per Centum on or before the 9th Day of September next

201, per Centum on or before the 3d Day of October next

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole Of his or her Contribution Money, towards the Sum of Twelve Millions to be contributed for Annuities as aforesaid, at any Time before the Thirtieth Day of October next, or on Account of his or her Share in the said Lottery, on or before the Eighth Day of September next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Fifth Day of December next, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the Third Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid on Account of the said Lottery; and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered to them as soon as they can conveniently be made out.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who have subscribed to the Loan of 12,000,000l. specifying the Sums subscribed for by each Person.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian llinrich was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

‘ Aprilis* 1783.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday.

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

r

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the E;lft whole House, to eonfider of so much of the Report Aiiairs. which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was referred as relates to allowing further Time to the East India Company to make certain Payments of Sums due to the Public, and enabling the said Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money%

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Surrey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Surrey reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Earl of Surrey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was dirtfted by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and LoflTcs, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment, and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Summer 1783.

And the Earl of Surrey moved the Iloufo accord -

insty-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Lofl'es, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment, and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer 1783: And that the Earl of Surrey and Sir Henry Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden have Leave to make a Not Pro-luce Motion, it being after Five of the Clock. of Taxes.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax (which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last) lie printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the belter carrying the said Purposes into Execution;

Mercurii,23° die A prills;

Anno 230 Georgii III'" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering cierkenwtU more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth 1‘oor.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An

Representation in Par-Lament.

St. Anne, eKnnnlier, Paving.

Tam worth Writ,

23 Geo. III. %'Aprilis. 391

" An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better " Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish " of Saint James', Clerkemeell, in the County of Middlesex," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more eft’eftual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James,

" well, in the County of Middlesex."

Ordered, That Mr. Bgng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Burgesses in the Royal Borough of Montrose, North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in common with their Fellow Citizens in the other Royal Boroughs in Scotland, have no actual Representation in Parliament, as the Magistrates and Town Councils in the different Boroughs claim and exercise an exclusive Right of electing Repref'entatives in Parliament without the Con-lint or even Knowledge of their Fellow Burgesses; and that, to render the Situation of the Petitioners still more degrading, the Town Council, confiding only of Nineteen Persons, annually elect their Successors, or continue themselves in Office, without the Suffrage of one Burgess in the Town; and the Petitioners, having no Voice in the Choice of their Representatives, are debarred from the Rights of British Subjects, and having no Vote in the Election of their Magistrates, are deprived of the Rights of Free Members of the Corporation to which they belong; and that the Petitioners conceive the Safety and Prosperity of their Country will greatly depend on restoring the Confiitution to the Purity of its first Principles, in Compliance with the Willies of Thousands of their Fellow Subjects, whole Petitions lie on the Table; And therefore the Petitioners, in full Confidence of the Justice of the House, earnestly request that they will grant such lledress as they shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for better paving, clcanling, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of IPest-minster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for requiring the old Committee to account to the new Committee.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the llili.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties Vol. 39.

of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of John Courtenay,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Lottery, &c. Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap- East India pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Affiur8* Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to Covent

whom the Bill for better paving, - cleansing, and lighting, ^arden the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the avin* Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyauces therein, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And several Members returned upon new Writs hav- Member* ing taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the 18156 0atlls* Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and One of the said Members, as by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in such Account, and taken and subscribed the said Oath accordingly;

The laid Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Covent said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Garden upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by Paving>*c* the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for requiring the old Committee to account to the new Committee.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Hexham unto subscribed, being His Majesty’s Justices of the Bridge. Peace in and for the County of Northumberland, was presented to die House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for cancelling, on the Terms therein mentioned, certain Articles, and a Bond entered into by Henry

East India Affairs.

C»refley’s

tllates.

Scotch

Fisherj.

Taxes ui Scotland.

392 23* Aprilis. 1783*

Errington, Esquire, conditioned to build a Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite the Town of in the County of Northumberland, with Roads and other Works thereto, and to uphold the fame, for a limited Time; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive it would be highly injurious to the County of Northumberland, and to the Public in general, if the said Articles and Bonds entered into by the said Henry should be

Cancelled on any Terms other than performing the Conditions of the said Articles and Bond; and the Petitioners conceive, that the Question, whether the said Henry Errington is entitled to have the said Articles and Bond cancelled, is properly and constitutionally cognizable and determinable by a Court of Law or Equity: And therefore praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Henry Fletcher presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Lofi’es, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Nigel Boiryer Gresley, Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also, to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Roue, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Ships employed from Scotland in the Fishery on any of the Coasts of North America, between the lft of January 1763 and the lft of Jaimary 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House bein® informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Nczvland, from SubfcnUr* the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to Loam attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Persons who have subscribed to the Loan of 12,000,0001, l'pecilying the Sums subscribed for by each Person.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ruther’sNat for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tra<l-upon the Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meaus. House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

IJexham

Bridge.

Wigan Writ.

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

American

Trade.

23 Geo. III.

24" Apr

Joxis, 24° die Aprills j

Anno 23° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AP E TIT I O X of several of the Gentlemefi, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Northumberland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presented to the Iloule, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for cancelling, on the Terms therein mentioned, certain Articles and a Bond entered into by Henry Erring ton, Esquire, conditioned to build a Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, with Roads and other Works thereto, and to uphold the feme, for a limited Time; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pais into a Law, it will be highly injurious to the County of Northumberland, who have fullered a Lol's equal to the actual Penalty of the Bond entered into by the said Mr. as well as

put to the Inconvenience arising from the Destrufition of the said Bridge; and that the Petitioners are advised, and believe, that, had proper Caution been exercised in laving and securing the Foundation of the Piers of

P P

the Bridge, the Accident would not have happened j and they are also advised, by Men of Experience, that a permanent Bridge may now be built: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or any other Relief being granted to Mr. but that he

may still be compelled, as in Justice they conceive he ought, to perform the Terms of his Contract, or that he may repay the several Sums of Money which he has received of the County, as also for the Materials allowed him by the Magistrates towards building the Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of the Honourable Horatio

Walpole, who, since his Election for the said Borough, bath accepted the Office of Secretary and Register of His Majesty’s Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

A Bill for failing a Certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow. Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port Vol. 39.

within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-bpon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfe ingrossed.

A Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Com- r.aft India pany of Merchants of England trading to The East Affair*. Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Indies, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Tiule for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Messrs. Powell Copy of the Treasury Minutes of the 15th and 22d &Bembrid^. Days of February lait, relating to Mr. Powell and Mr.

Bembridgei

A Bill for confirming, establishing, arid making effee-1- Hanwell tual, the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure* Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arden,

Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and kingfomborn Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of - Inclosure.

born, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before East India this House, the First and Second Reports of the Com- Company’s mittee of Proprietors jof East Indm Stock, appointed Affa, rs-by the General Court on the 8th of April 1782, to examine into the general State of the Debts, Credits, and Effects of the (kid Company, both at Home and Abroad.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\y Morning, Ten of the Clock.

.> H

394'

Adjournment*

FastGrinstead Writ. '

American

Trade.

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

A boli firing certain Officea of the Cultoujs.

a 50 A prills. . 1783.

Veneris25° die Aprilis;

Anno 230 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783#

ness and Salaries of the Officers; and for the farther Improvement of the said Revenue, might be read.

And the said Ol der being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of next.

Praters.

"DESO LVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next*

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elf 6ting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliar inent for the Borough of East in the County of Sussex, in the Room of the Right honourable Sir John Inline, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of *

ham.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, - for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, certain Powers for the better carrying the said Purposes into Execution, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, be now- read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affairs, upon the Bill to difekarge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Lofl’es, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for Inch Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Bates Rous took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Thomas Bates Rons reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Raff India the United Company of Merchants of England trading Company’s to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called Affairs> in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. First Report of the Committee of Proprietors of East India Stock, appointed by the General Court on the 8th of April 1782, to examine into the general State of the Debts, Credits, and Effects of the said Company, both at Home and Abroad, dated the 5th of June 1782: And also,

N° 2. Second Report of Ditto, dated the v"th of August 1782.

Together with a List of the said Reports.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Buli-

23 Geo. Ill,

!Major Gen. Green*#

A tfv/er to Thanks.

American

Trade*

Church Lench Iuclo-lure.

18° Aprilis.

Luna, 28° die Anno 23* Georgii III'" Regis, 17834 ’

PnAYERS.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from Major General Green the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 12th Day of December last.

Gibraltar, nth Ma1783-

Sir,

I had the Hopour, this Day, of receiving your Letter of the 13th December last, transmitting the rewith the Resolution of the Honourable House of Commons, which had passed the Day before, wherein their Thanks were given to certain Officers serving in this Garrison (among whom I have the Honour to be named) and to the Officers, Soldiers, and Sailors* lately employed in the Defence of Gibraltar.

Such a condescending Mark of Public Approbation, from the House of Commons of Great Britain, I deem to be one of the highest Rewards a British Subject could receive, for every contributing Endeavour of miue towards the Defence' of this Fortress.

Permit me to allure you, Sir, it did not fail of warming my natural and professional Feelings* in such a Manner, as I find myself extremely deficient in a due Style of Language properly to cxprcls, both in regard to its stimulating Effect, as well as that high Sense of Gratitude, and Acknowledgements, which I ‘hope for your Goodness to make acceptable to the House of Commons, for such an honourable Distinction conferred

and other Commonable Land, ‘within the Parish of Church Lench, in the county of ; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration. 1

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; vis.

Pr. 30. 1. 13. Leave out from " exchange" to " unto" in line iG.

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act* Winrhefter* palfed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s &c-Road< Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of over

Worthy Cozv Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Neictown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cdw Down aforesaid, through to

the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to St. Clrtnent Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Danes the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of PavinS-

Middlesex, and such Part of Wyche Street as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the

upon me.

Allow me to request you to accept of my sincereft Thanks, for the truely obliging Manner in which you have been pleased to convey to me this Vote of the House.

I have the Honour to be,

with the most perfect

Esteem and Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient, and most humble Servant,

W. Green.

To the Right honourable Charles W olfranCornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons.

First Time.

Resolved*That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used Coals uled in finelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in »n Anglesey Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and ^Ene3‘ Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey, was, according to Order* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom* for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Dames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Tiie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Vox.. 39.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply Bill; mitltee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing Lottery, Set. a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Greffcy’* for impowering Nigel Bowyer Gresley, Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and

03 Others,

St. Anne,

WVftiuinster,

Paving.

Kaft India . Ail'uirs.

A Member takes Oaths.

Kaft India Ali’airs.

396 a8° — 29

others. Iron Matters; find ulfo, to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates, was read a Second

rp*

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John H rottcsley, Mr. Ord, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint , within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Anne, and l’uch Part of Cock Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing N uifances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t j *

Mr. Thomas Bates Rous, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole ‘House, to whom the Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Lodes, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow ifurther Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The House was moved, That the Forty-fourth of the Resolutions which, upon the 16th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports which had been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the Two latt Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, and which, upon the 28th Day of the same Month, was amended, and agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as amended, and agreed to by the House, read accordingly.

The Hpufe was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 28th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to' Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and William Hornby, Esquire, President of the Council at Bombay, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 10, L. 17, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 10, L. 17, which was to fill the Blank with " Four Pounds," being read a Second Time;

Apr Ms. 1783.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Four" and inserting the Word " Three " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Four" stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put, thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Resid tie of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so " much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more ealy and better Recruiting " His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates " to the Encouragement of Volunteers," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War and General Conway do prepare, and bring in, the fatne.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morh-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty. ’ *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 29* die Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr,-Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tenants, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston u])on , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and other Purposes; and that a Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Town and County; and also, a Petition of Christopher Sykes, Christopher Goulton, Henry Legat'd, John Bowman, and Bethel Robinson, Esquires, and others, have been presented to

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Supply Bill: Lottery, dec.

Kingston upon Hull Gaol.

23 Geo. III. 290 dprilis. 397

the House, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against certain Parts of the said Bill; and Representing to the House, that the present Gaol in the Town of Kingston upon Hull is a very small, ancient, and decayed Building, and was erected for the Use of the said Town only, but that, since the several Towns, Villages, Hamlets, and Places now within the County of the Town of Kingston upon were separated from the County of York, the Gaol has been appropriated to the Use as well of the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, as of the said Town; and that the Populoufnels of the Town and County of Kingston Upon Hull having of late Years much increased, a larger Gaol is become necessary, and the Petitioners eonceive it is reasonable, that the Expence attending the same should be equally dilfufed among all the Persons who receive Benefit from it; and that, before the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull was separated from the County of York, the Inhabitants thereof were liable to contribute towards the Charges of the Building and Support of the Castle or Gaol for die County of York, from which Expences they are now wholly exempted;, and ,that although the Inhabitants of the County as well as of the Town of Kingston upon Hull have an equal Advantage from the present Gao), and will have the like Interest in the New Gaol which is proposed to be erected, yet the Proportion of the Expence which the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull will become liable to contribute towards the building such New Gaol will not exceed One Fourth Part thereof; and that the Necessity of having a larger, more commodious, lafe, and healthy Gaol for the Town and County of the Towm of Kingston upon Hull is an Object of so great Importance, and of such public Utility, and the Expence attending the fame, when raised in the Manner proposed by the Bill, by an AffeOment not exceeding Four Pence in the Pound Rent in any One Year, will be so ealy and inconsiderable a Charge upon the several Persons interested, that it has been adopted by the said Bill, in Preference to the Method prescribed by the Statute of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, for impowering Justices of the Peace to raise Money by a County Rate for building or repairing Gaols: And therefore praying, That the said Bill now depending in the House may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull', for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for railing Money for’ those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull', and for other Purposes, is committed.

Covent An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and

Garden lighting the Parish of Saint Paul, Copent Garden,

Paving, 4c. within the Liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was pead the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. To leave out " Thomas Grigniori' and insert " William Black-more" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

V01, 39.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisance&and Annoy- . ances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from Soap Doty, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Soap, from the 5th of July 1782 to the 5th of January 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accor- Recruiting ding to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Land Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, orces* intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time,

" so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the " Encouragement of VolunteersAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein, nor any Amendment being proposed to be made thereto;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Lord Duncannon, from the Commissioners for Interest on executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Navy Bdls» Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the several Sums paid for Interest on Navy Bills, together with an Account of the several Sums added to such Bills, allowed for the Amount of the Discount when the Bargain was made for Ready Money, from the 31st of December 1775 to the 31st of December 1782; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the several Sums paid for Interest on Bills, on the Head of Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, from the 31st of December 1775 to the 31st of December last; distinguishing each Year:

And also,

An Account of the several Sums added to Victualling Bills, for the Amount of the Discount when the Bargain was made for Ready Money, from the 31 ft of December 1775 to the 3 lft of December 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sedan.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Bilston Navi* Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and gation. maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbingtou,

5 I nesbuty.

East India Affairs.

Pains, Ac. on Rumtwld and Perring.

598 29° — 30° Aprilis, 1783.

nesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of

to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 13 th day of May next.

An ingossed Bill to- discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for l'uch Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Eoffes, in respect: to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for infiicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the SeleQ: Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in;

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in his Defence; and having proposed to produce Evidence in order to shew, that, notwithstanding the Orders given to Lord Macartney to fend the Committee of Circuit, yet that it was impracticable in a State of War so to do; and that no Censure of the Company has passed in consequence of its not having been done;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be admitted to produce Evidence to shew, that Orders have been lent to Lord Macartney for fending a Committee of Circuit, that he has not done so, and that no Censure has passed from the Directors on him for such Disobedience of their Orders;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be permitted to proceed in giving further Evidence of the Complaints of Grievances made by the Zemindars, relating 02

to their particular Estates, after their Arrival at

Madras.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in their Evidence, and examined Philip Francis, Esquire.

And having proposed to examine the said Mr. Francis, with respect to the Establishment of a Committee of Circuit in Bengal, and the Objects of it;

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Bill.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold were heard in answer to the said Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be admitted to examine Mr. Francis, touching the Committee of Circuit in Bengal.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in the Examination of the said Mr. Francis.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Smith have Leave to East India make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock. Affairs.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors and Court of Proprietors relative to the Resolution of this House of the 28th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recall of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30* die Aprilis; Anno 23° Georgii Iiru Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Elwes reported from the Committee, to Ruther’a whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Nat. tuled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Rather, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Robert Lccwley reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill for providing a proper Workhouse Poor,&c. within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

23 Geo. III. ^cPAprilis. — 1° 399

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Soap Doty. The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Soap, from the 5th Day of January 1782, to the 5th Day of July following.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Receiving The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

StolenGoods. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making the receiving of Stolen Jewels, and Gold and " Silver Plate, in the same of Burglary and Highway " Robbery, more penaland for further preventing the receiving of Stolen Goods;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Persons found The House, according to Order, resolved itself into with House- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Bond do attend the said Committee, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pitcairne do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Recruiting An ingossed Bill to repeal an Act made in the Uie Land Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

forcei. intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time,

" so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more ealy and better Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to " the Encouragement of Volunteers," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " the more easy and better Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers."

Vox./39.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1° die Mali;

Anno 23* Georgii III,a Regis, 1783. Prayers.

MR. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming, establishing, and making effectual the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hamcell, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax, in so far as respects the Revenue of Customs in Scotland; And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax, in so far as respects the Revenue of the Salt Duties in Scotland: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the incident Accounts " paid out of the Revenue of the Customs in Scotland, " by Order of the Commissioners, from Michaelmas " 1776 to Michaelmas 1781."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie

upon

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Han well Inclosure*

Taxes, fcc* in Scotland

400 I. — 2

upon the Table, to be perafed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Excise in The House being informed that Mr. Mitjord, from Scotland. the Commissioners of Excise in ,attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Soap, from 5th July 1782 to 5th January

1783-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Unrated East An Account of the Total Amount of unrated East India Goods. India Piece Goods exported oft' the Sales made by the East India Company in March and September 1780, March 1781, and March 1782; together with the Drawbacks paid, or payable thereon; distinguishing each Sale: And also,

Rice, &e. An Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, To-imported and bacco, Sugar, Molasses, and Rum, exported from exporte ' that Part of Great Britain called , for Ten

Years, ending at Christmas last; viz. from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1782; distineuiftnng each Year, and how much from the Port of separately, and

how much from the Out Ports, under one general Head, the several Quantities and Species, and the Countries to which the same have been exported: And also,

An Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, Tobacco, Sugar, Molasses, and Rum imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas last; viz. from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, the several Quantities and Species, and die Countries from whence imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, Tlrnt the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

County The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Gaol*. Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Pains, &c. on The House proceeded to the further Hearing of

Runiboldand Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains ,mn*' and Penalties on Sir Thmas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

'Mail . 1783.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomds Rumbold proceeded further in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were Adjournment, not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and 4° Member* Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock; . *

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,2* die Maii;

Anno 23° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling Adjournment, t*- of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hetket, Ac. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Road*, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " widening, repairing, and amending the Road from " Hesket, by Verves Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from " thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland, and from Keswick, by " Dumnuul Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, and from Plumbgarth's " Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake " called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland,

" and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith,

" in the County of Cumberland;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Browne* to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his Issue Male, Name, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, (feceased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Doctor* carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean Commons, and Chapter of Saint PauTs, London, and the College &c*Estate* of Doctors of Law exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of London, called Doctot''s Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by Leases for Years in the said College in Fee Simple, and reserving the reout a certain Yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, for ever; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ludlow the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Frederick Walker Esquire,

deceased.

A Bill

23 Geo. III. a0--5" Mali.

401

St. Clement

Danes

Paving.

A Bill for better paving, cleaoling, and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Street as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Sir Cecil JVray, Fee.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Pive of the Clodk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Petitioners also conceive, will be injurious and hurtful to them in respect to the Property of which they are possessed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, before any further Proceedings shall be taken thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Hairwell

Inclosure.

An ingossed Bill for confirming,

establishing,

Supply Bill; Militia Pay, ire.

making effectual the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartwell, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartwell, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Clothing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the’ Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-thrcc.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. OnI took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Cecil JVray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King JVII/iam the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective CountiesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pains, &c. on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morii-Rumbold and ing next, proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel Perring. upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mil'demeanors, committed by them whitllt they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

and ' The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for House-breaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant May.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of'Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Persons found with House-breaking Instruineuts*

Ways and Means.

Supply.

County

Gaols.

Government A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India Gf England trading to The East Indies, was presented Possession*. tjle pjoufe> and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the British Poflessions in India, and for the Security and Preservation thereof; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the said Bill will, if the same shall pass into a Law, be subversive of the Rights and Privileges granted to the Petitioners by Charter for valuable Considerations, and confirmed by sundry Acts of Parliament; and moreover, the said Bill, as Vo l. 39.

Luncc, 5* die Mali;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Whitehiir* Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Forfeiture. Exchequer had, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire,

" to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes;

" and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate " and Effects, forfeited in consequence of the said Act;

" and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a' limited Time; and for discovering his " Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting " or alienating the fame," delivered to him a Particular and Inventory of the Estate and Effects of the said John Whitehill, Esquire; and Mr. Speaker delivered the said Particular and Inventory to the Clerk of the House.

Ordered, That the said Particular and Inventory do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Particular and Inventory is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the County of Suffolk was presented to Kepr*-fenta-the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- tion in I'ar-titioners, sensible of the original Excellency of the lmment. Constitution of this Country, moll ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation, and that, in the present State of the Repre-

5 K fentation

462 fc° i 783.

fentation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not fumciently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Confederation the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming fcvil, as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Kingsombom Mr. Thistlethwayte reported from the Committee, to indofure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Manor and Panlh of

born, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle-. gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of I14 Acres of Land; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 1910 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5apply Bill; Mr. Ord, According to 'Order, reported from the

Militia Pay; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for &c* defraying the Chafge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Clothing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, 'beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wire Once read throughout; and 1 then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coal* used in The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from Cornwall. the Commissioners of the Customs,' attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Drawbacks allowed for Fourteen Years last past, of the Duties on Coals consumed in smelting Copper and Tin Ores, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and in working Fire Engines for draining Water from the Mines in Cornwall, pursuant to an Act of the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and another AH in the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second; distinguifbitig the Amount of such Drawbacks in each 'Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town stepresenta-and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, was pre- tion in Pat-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the lament. Petitioners, having long experienced the Violation of the English Constitution in the partial and corrupt Mode of eleHing Members to represent them in Parliament, beg Leave to submit their Petition to the House, with the warmest Hopes oi Redress in a Cause wherein their bell Interests and inherent Privileges are concerned, which, with Justice and laudable Zeal, they hope, by the Assistance of the House, to re-establish and maintain; and the Petitioners trust they are fully justified in their Request, when they represent, that many of them are considerable Freeholders of the said County, and all of them Inhabitants of the Town of Hastings, in Number exceeding Five hundred; and that the Petitioners are excluded from the Privilege of voting for Representatives,

' when at the same Time thdfe who do actually vote are either under Influence, or have little or no Property in the Place, and feme not even Inhabitants thereof, and the 'Number of EleHors not exceeding Twenty-two; and that the Petitioners are encouraged to hope, that this great and general Reformation wall take place, and a more equal Representation of the People be estabUshed, when they consider that it is the Reftrtotion of the Con- ftitutional Rights of the People for which they pray, and by no Means a dangerous Innovation or Change of the ancient Constitution of Government that they foliclt; and that this important and leading Consideration, together with the Patronage and Recommendation Of like Petitions of some of the greatest, belt, and wisest Men of this Nation, the warmest Friends of Liberty, attached on Principle to the illustrious House of Hanover, and the wife Constitution of the English Form of Government, prompt the Petitioners to hope and expeH the most favourable Acceptance of their Petition, and such Redress from this Honourable House as in their Wisdom and Justice they may deem proper to afford.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according Elections — to Order, a Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Votes-Parliament: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the County Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King Gaols. William the Third,'intituled, "An Act to enable Justices " of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective " Counties," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resob6d, That this House will,1 upon 'Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of* the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Benjamin Lacam, foie Proprietor of New Harbour, in New Harbour

which was presented to-the<House upon the 6th Day in.Bengal, of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Philip Jennings , Sir Cecil JVray, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

Westmoreland Militia:

Army — Pay mailer General’s Office,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Clerkenwell

Poor.

Recruiting the Land porees.

Supply Bill Lottery, Ac

Covent Garden Taving,

23 Geo. III. Maii. 403

Chamber; and ha/ve Power to fend for Persons, Papers, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An st. Ann*, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish Westminster, to have Voices. of Saint Anne, and such Part of Cock Lane as lies in PavinS-

A Petition from several Persons, late Officers of the Westmoreland Regiment of Militia, relative to the Con-dust of the Affairs of the said Regiment, being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative, Nanine contradicente.

The other Orders of the Day being reac

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An " Act, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's forces."

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6* die Maii;

Anno 230 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Romes and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of " the Poor within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the . Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more " easy and better recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces <( and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of " Volunteerswithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the -Parish of Saint Paulf Covent Garden, within the muster, and certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

V o l. 39.

the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Wtst minster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East India to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Affairs. Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Lodes, in respect to their not making regular- Payment of certain Sums due and to become due to the Public; and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Tempter's vesting such Parts of the real Estates of James Tempter, Estates. Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of,

Wilts, and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying

out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to he settled to the Uses and for the,

Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay qupply . of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Militia Pay,’ Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Recalled England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thftt the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Kingsombora and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Inclosure. Kingsomborn, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Kingsom-

born, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thistlethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Petition of the poor distreired Debtors in Durham Debtors Gaol: And also, Petmons.

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in His Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle, at Jdmcaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dfttrels, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were. severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Coals used to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i>» Anglesey upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the

Copper

404

6° Maii. A- 1783.

G re (ley’s States.

Representa-turn in Parliament.

Call of tbt

Hwuft.

Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'elt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they "bad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir John Wroltesley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Nigel Esquire,

to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also, to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John W do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery, of the City of London, in Common Hall assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex; *

Were severally p re fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present disproportioned and inadequate Representation of the Commons of this Realm, is a Grievance of so great Magnitude as to require immediate Attention and effectual Red refs; and the Petitioners further beg Leave to suggest, that the Observanqe of a due Proportion of Repre-fcntation throughout the Kingdom is not only the natural, true, and confiitutional, but the most limple and practicable Mode of correcting the present Defects in the National Representation, and the only Species of Reform that can either render general Justice or give general Satisfaction, or afford a complete Security for the future Purity of this Branch of the Legislature; and the Petitioners humbly

trust the House will be pleased to consider, that in the Subject of this Petition is included all that can be dear to Citizens and to Men: And therefore entreating the House to take the Premises into Consideration, in full Confidence that the House will bestow its serious Attention to their Complaints, examine the Evidence of their Claims with Impartiality, and finally afford its utmost Aid in obtaining Justice.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House

being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this

House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham bers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And beinc returned;

The House was in Part called over.

A Message by Sir Francis MGentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com- Royal A (Teat mission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts to Bills, agreed upon by both Houses, to desire the immediate Attendance4 of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, ’had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Portland, the Duke of Northumberland, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Privy Seal, and the Earl of Mansfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Ijills are as followed); viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in die Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to continue for a limited Time, so much of " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty’s " Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encou-

"ragement of Volunteers."

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due and to become due to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called

WildcnFerry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or One of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster', and certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Anne, and such Part of Cock Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing

Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

An Act for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from The Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to Oldfield otherwise Woe/ield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a

Road

Call of the House.

Representation in Parliament

23 Geo. III. 6° Mail 405

Road from thence through the Parishes of Ashton and Swansuick, to or near Cambridge, in the Parish

of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath, and for continuing the present Road from the said Corner to or near the Monument upon Can until the intended Road from the said Corner to or near Cambridge be made fit for Travelling.

An Act to revive and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from MarkfieldTurnpike, in the County of

Ccicester, over Charley otherwise,

through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Cane, to w here the Road leading from the Town of Coughborough, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from By ley near to a Place called Snapc Gate.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for widening, repairing, and amending the Road " from Hesket, by Votes Bri, to Cockermouth, and

" from thence, by Corton, over to

" in the County of Cumberland, and from Keswick, by " Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, " in the County of Westmorland, and from " Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake

called Windernure, in the County of " and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in

" the County of Cumberland

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Church Cench, in the County of Worcester.

An Act to enable John Browne, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby, Esquire, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther.

Then the House proceeded further in calling over the House, and several of the Members appeared; and the N ames of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excuii d, some upon Account of their ownlllness, or of the illness or Death of near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or employed on the Public Service.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant May.

A Petition of the Five incorporated Trades of the Burgh of Dumbarton, and of the Merchants, Here-tors, and other residing Burgesses of the said Burgh thereto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, in whom the Government thereof is vested, conliit of a Provost, Two Baillics, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and Ten Common Council; and, by the present Mode, the Petitioners have no Voice in the Election of the said Magistrates and Council, they Annually electing themselves; and that this Mode of Election the Petitioners conceive to be unconstitutional, and not only repugnant to those natural Rights, which, as British Subjects, they have a Title to enjoy, but a violent Infringement on their Privileges as free Burgesses; that it not only tends to keep the same Set of Men in Office during Life, but of late has been the Means of their introducing amongst them, as Members of their Council, Persons not residing in the Bunfe, nor anyways connected with it, whereby Vo L. SO.

its true Interests have been neglected, its Revenue lost or misapplied, and the whole Administration of it rendered only subservient to particular Views of Interest or Fastion; and that the Magistrates and Common Council thus self-elected, are in Use to chuse from amongst themselves a Delegate to meet with the Delegates from the other Burghs in the District, and cleft a Burgess to represent them in Parliament; and the Petitioners having no Voice in the Choice of the said Delegate, have no Representation in Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill declaratory of the Petitioners Rights as free Burgesses, and for vesting in the free Residing Burgesses of the said Burgh the Power of electing the Magistracy and Town Council thereof, as well as the Delegate to meet with the Delegates from the other Burghs in the District, for chusing a Burgess to represent them in Parliament, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to tho House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East India the United Company of Merchants of England trading Affairs, to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copies of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors and Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, relative to the Resolution of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 28th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recall of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengali: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of the General Letters from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor General and Council at William in

Bengal, on the Subjects mentioned in the Minutes of the said Court, on the 2d July 1782.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew'.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to lie perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pains, on Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Rumbold an<t Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter 1>errms' Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several Witnesses in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes have Leave to make a Dolors Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock. Commons,

And he moved the House accordingly; and &c. Eftat*,

An ingroll’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean and Chapter of Saint,

5 L and

Abdy’s

Estate.

Representation in Par- lament.

Coals used in

An^ltfey

Alii*,

40 6 6° — 70

and the College of Doctors of Law, exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of , called Doclot's

Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter, by Leases for Years, in the said College in Fee Simple, and reserving the reout a certain Yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, for ever, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Banks, Sir James Marriott, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* die Mali;

Anno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783. Praters.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds, and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

enable Sir William Abdy, Baronet, to grant Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of The Tower Hamlets, not represented in Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That The Tower Hamlets form a very large and populous' District, wherein a great and extensive Trade is carried on, and are Annually charged considerably more to the Land Tax than several Counties that now fend Members to Parliament; and that there are Thousands of Copyholders, Leaseholders, and Householders, within The Tower Hamlets, who contribute largely to the Burthens of the State, but are, as the Law now stands, deprived of their Right of voting for the Choice of the Representatives by whom those Burthens are imposed, and are therefore, as they conceive, altogether unrcpresented in Parliament; and that the Petitioners are impressed with a deep Sense of the original Excellence of the British Constitution, and cannot but consider the present unequal Representation of the Commons of this Realm as a most alarming Grievance, that calls aloud for immediate Redress, and beg Leave to express their Apprehensions to the House, that no effectual Reform can take Place, unless the Right of voting for the Choice of Representatives in Parliament is extended, agreeably to the genuine Spirit of the Constitution of this Country: And therefore praying the House to take their same into serious Consideration, and to grant them such Relief, and apply such Remedy to the present disproportioned and inadequate Representation of the People in Parliament, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Persons concerned in the Tin and Copper Mines, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for granting the same Del>enture or Drawback of the Duties on Coals to the Mines and Smelting 02

Maii. A. 1783.

Houses in the Idand of Anglesey, as was granted by the 10th of Queen Anne, and the 14th of George the Second, to the Smelting Houses and Mines in the Counties of Cormcall and Devon, which Debentures so granted to the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, wras granted from the absolute Impracticability of carrying on their Mines without feme such Encouragement; and representing to the House, that the Mines in Anglesey are not in the distressed State that the Mines in Cornwall then were, and for the most Part now are, and therefore have not the same Realbn to alk for the like Indulgence; and the Petitioners apprehend that the Proprietors of Anglesey Mines can afford to bring their Copper to Market at a much lower Price than the Proprietors of the Cornish Mines can possibly do, therefore it would be contrary to every Maxim of found Policy to give them any further Advantages, added to those which they already possess: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the House will give them such further Relief in the Premises, as their same may be found to deserve.

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Borough of Penryn, who are concerned in the Tin and Copper Mines of the County of Cornwall, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for granting a Debenture or Drawback of the Duties on all Coals used in the Isle of Anglesey, for the Purpose of raising Copper and Lead Ore, and refining the fame; and representing to the House, that the Proprietors of the Mines in Anglesey can already rail’e and refine their Ores at a considerably cheaper Rate, and bring their Copper to Market at a much lower Price than the Petitioners, owing to the very small Expence of working the Mines in that Ille, to the short Distance they have to carry their Ore to the Smelting Houses, and to the Shallow-nels of their Mines, when compared to the great Depth of those of Cormcall; and the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that it would be contrary to every Maxim of found Policy to grant any further Advantages to the Proprietors of those Mines, who already enjoy lo many natural Advantages over the Petitioners, as it would greatly injure, if not totally annihilate, the Mines of the County of Cornwall, and reduce many Thousands of in-dullrious Miners, with their Families, to Misery and Want: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of tiro Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of,

was committed; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said first-mentioned Petition.

A Petition, of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Excellency of that Constitution under which they have the Happiness to live, most ardently with to have it maintained upon the true Principles on which it is founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament,

Coals ufeil Angle fey Mines.

Representation iu Parliament.

Hepresenta-tion in Par-] lament*

Kilbourne Bridge, &c» Road*

23 Geo. III.

Maii.

407

ment, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Voice of the Public: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great constitutional Evil, as to the House may Seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was also presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the present disproportioned and inadequate Representation of the Commons of this Realm, and unconftilution d Duration of Parliament, are Grievances of lb great Magnitude as to require immediate Attention and effectual Redress; and the Petitioners further beg Leave to suggest, that the Observance of a due Proportion of Representation throughout the Kingdom, is not only the natural, true, and constitutional, but the most Simple, and practicable Mode of correcting the present Defects in the National Representation, ami the only Species of Reform that can either render general Justice, or give general Satisfaction, or afford' a complete Security for the future Purity of this Branch of the Legislature; and the Petitioners humbly trust the House will be pleufed to consider, that in the Subject of this Petition is included all that can be dear to Citizens and to Men: And therefore entreating the House to take the Premises into Consideration, in full Expectation that the House will bestow its Serious Attention to their Complaints, examine their Claims with Impartiality, and, finally, affords its utmost Aid in obtaining Justice.

And the said Petitions were Severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, ort Behalf of them* selves, and others the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the 7th Ycur of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 8th and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne , in the County of Middlesex, and for paving that Part of the Road

called Oxford Street; and also for putting in Execution

so much of the Act, in the 29th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enabling the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Earthing Pyehouse Fields, into the said New Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Two first-mentioned Acts, as relates to so much of the New Road in the said Act described, as extends from the Edgezi'are Road near Paddington to Tottenham Court, and from the North End of Great Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pyehouse Fields, to such new Road, u as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn* pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i3 as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And

Joseph Brockhurst, Esquire, Treasurer to the Trust,

being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded

Vol. 39.

in the Execution of the Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted — That the Debt remaining due at Christmas 1782 amounts to 7,400l. payable with Interest at 5/. per Cent. — That there are likewise Bills and Demands on the Trust to the Amount of ,539 /. and upwards; which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term is further continued, and feme further Powers given to the Trustees, particularly with respect to watching and lighting the Roads. Then

Mr. John Austin, the Clerk to the Trustees, l>eing examined, said, That it is proposed in the intended Bill, to give up all Statute Work, and the Power of taking Toll Twice a Day, and also to make feme Alteration in the Tolls upon Narrow Wheel Carriages.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two A&3, made in the 7th Year of King George the First, and the 8th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road: and also of an Act, made in the 29th Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great northern Road at Islington to the Edgezi'are Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts: And that Sir Herbert,

and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Robert Lazeley reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birming- Canal. ham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Exten* fion of Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the Parish of Westbrotnmch, to Broadwater Fire Engine,

and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near ,in the

Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners Or Proprietors of certain Mines of Coal and Iron Ore, upon the Lower Level, in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes Of Wednesbury, Westbromwich, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, and Sedgeley, in the County of Stafford, on Behalf of themselves and others; and allb, the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward; and allb, the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several other Persons who are Owners of the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, in the Counties of Stafford, Derby, and Wancick, and of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Tanrwoi'th, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford; and also, the Petition of the Constables, Parish Officers, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wancick; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Ne upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of several

405 7° Ma . 1783.

several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of

Derby; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of Loughborough, and its Vicinity; and also, the Petition of the Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Joseph on

Behalf of themselves and others, w ere severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Two first-mentioned Petitions, and had contidered all the other Petitions to them referred; and that they had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

ennTn'pw" Petition of the Freeholders of the County and 1 lament. City of London, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said City, being a County within itself, a Freehold therein does not entitle its Possessor to a Vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament for the County of Middlesex, whilst on the other Hand the Representatives for the City arc chosen, as the Law now Hands, by the Liverymen alone; and the Petitioners therefore, although collectively possessed of large Property, and bearing a very considerable Share of the Burthens of the State, are entirely excluded from the Exercise of a Privilege, to which they conceive they have an indisputable Right; and that, by this Exclusion, they cannot but consider themselves as highly aggrieved, and therefore beg Leave to submit their same to the Consideration of the House, praying that such Relief may be granted them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Elfftimx — A Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence

Bribery and in E]eftjons Qf Members to serve in Parliament, was Lxp, nce- read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-night. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Election*_ A Bill for the more easy and convenient Attendance

Attendance of of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and Freeholder*, of certain other Electors, at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Elections — A Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in

Fraudulent Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, ule#* w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House 1 upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Moxon, on Behalf of himself, Kingstow and John Stephenson, being Proprietors of Staiths, situate 4f°n Hul* on the Side of the River Hull, in the Port of Kingston ao ’ upon Hull, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and establishing . Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenue of Cultoras, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port, and other Purposes, it was provided, that after a certain Period the Proprietors of Staiths might, at their own Expence, make commodious Quays or Wharfs opposite to their respective Staiths, in Manner in the said Act described, for the Purpose of shipping off, landing, and discharging Goods, called Sufferance Goods; and that, in pursuance of the Power thereby reserved to the Owners of Staiths, the said John Stephenson hath already, at great Expence, built a Quay or Wharf opposite to one of his Staiths, of a Length sufficient for the Purposes of his Trade, and the Petitioner, the said Richard Moxon, hath intended to build a Quay or Wharf opposite to one of his Staiths, of Jufiicient Length for the Purpose of carrying on his Trade; and that the Petitioner and the said John Stephenson are informed, Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to alter the said Act, lb as to compel the Owners of Staiths on the said River, w’ho have already built, or may hereafter build. Quays or Wharfs opposite their Staiths, to build the same the whole Length of their respective Staiths, although the feme may not be required to be of such Extent for the Uses of their respective Trades; and that, should an Act for such Intent pals, it would occasion a great and unnecessary Expence, without, as the Petitioner conceives, producing any Benefit equivalent thereto: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself and the said John Stephenson, that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against those Parts of such Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for raising Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull; and for other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Council to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchant Burgesses, Freeholders, Representa-and Incorporated Trades, of the Burgh of Irvine, ti»n in Par-Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, haaicut. That, by the present Practice of electing the Magistrates and Council of the said Burgh, and its lle-prefeotative in Parliament, the Merchant Burgdles,

Freeholders

Chatteris’ Waste Lands.

flections-

Motion

rel'pcding

bribery.

Trade with America.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

a3 GEO. ni. f — V Mail. 409

Freeholders, and Incorporated Trades of Irvine, are deprived of that Right which they conceive, by die Constitution of Great Britain, they are entitled to enjoy; and that these Elections, in which they are materially interested, are conduced by a few, with whom they have no Political Intercourse or Connection, and without either the Assent or Consent of the Petitioners, as will more plainly appear when they inform the House, that Seventeen Men, some of whom are not residing Burgesses, neither are they Merchants nor. f reeholders in the Burgh, by a Majority of their Number, elect Annually their Successors in the Magistracy and Council, chuie the Member of Parliament, and, as Magistrates and Counsellors, manage and direct the Application of the Public funds, and transact every Part of Public Business, without the Concurrence of the Petitioners; with the greatest Deference the Merchant Burgesses, Freeholders, and Incorporated Trades of Irvine, beg Leave to represent that ancient Practice, as well as the Principles of the Constitution, warrant their being possessed of the Privilege of electing, as Burgesses, the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh, and its Representative in this House: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration, and grant such Relief as in Wisdom may fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. P/ii/ij) Yorkc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, uling, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the lame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the most effectual and practicable Measures ought to be taken for the better Prevention both of Bribery and Expence in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {J£ Bobuwn:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed, be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 2ili Day of this Iidtant May.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Vol. 39.

.293. 149-

Jovis, 8° die Mali;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An America* Act for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Trade. Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Abd/» to enable Sir William Abdy, Baronet, to grant Leases Eftale-of his Estate at Horsey Omen, in the County of Surrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Com- WildenF mittee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation to Gainfoo-of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of wn* them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leicester, in Common Hall assembled; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders,

Land Owmers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunder written; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Soar; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Town of Birmingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ermash Canal; and also, the Petition of the

Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, Freeholders, Land Owners, and others, in the County of Leicester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and 5 M others.

Kilbourne Bridge, &c. Road.

Birmingham

Canal.

-410

8" Ma

A. 1783.

others, residing in the Counties of Derby,

Nottingham, Leicester> and Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Count'd, and examined Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the 3d, 7th, 11 th, and 12th mentioned Petitions; and had also considered the lit, 2d, 4th, 5th, Gth, 9th, 13th, and 14th mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Allegations of the 8th and 10th mentioned Petitions; and had also heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered ’ to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Company to maintain Mr. Thompsons Banks, in the Parish of Bole.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackzcorth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road;and also of an Act, made in the Twenty-

ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Road from The Great Northern Road at Islington, to The Edgeware Road, near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts: And the same wras received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from a Place near Rider's in the Parish of Westbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, and also an Extension of Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, with a Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Merchants and Manufacturers in and Coals used near the Town of Birmingham, who are materially interested in the Price of Copper, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending to allow the Exportation of Coals, Duty-free, for the Use of the Copper Works in the Island of Anglesey, or for allowing the Duties payable on the Coals used in those Works to be drawn back; and that, in consequence of the Copper Ores of Anglesey being raised at ai less Expence than any others, the Proprietors can afford to fell their Copper at a lower Rate, and have therefore much reduced the Price of that Commodity; and the Petitioners conceive, that any Encouragement which may be given to those Works, is not only adding to the great Advantages which they already derive from Nature over other Mines where the Ores are got with more Difficulty, and the Number of People employed considerably greater, but may also in the End prove highly injurious to the Public, by enabling the Proprietors of the Anglesey Mines to reduce the Price of Copper, so as to prevent other Adventurers from working the deep Mines which at present produce the greatest Part of the Copper Ores, whereby the Copper Trade would be thrown into a few Hands, Competition would in a great Measure cease, and such Prices might be fixed upon Copper as would materially affect the Manufactures of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in which the Petitioners are deeply interested; and the Petitioners are also assured, that English Copper is now fold in most Foreign Markets cheaper than any other Copper, and they conceive, that any further Abatement of the Price in those Markets is unnecessary, and would be giving away the natural Riches of this Country to Foreigners at an under Value: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Ifie of Anglesey was committed.

A Bill for regulating the Proceedings of the Court

_ . P__ P _ 0 _ T?AmilotiiwT

of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland, was read a j^ucimry2 Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Court.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the America* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, 'lrac*? An Act for preventing any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, being required for any Ships belonging to the United States of America, arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out- from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Port within the said United States; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. After "States" insert "or any of " them."

1. 18. After " States" insert " or any of " them."

Pr. f L 4- Leave out from " notwithstanding " to "and" in the Twelfth Line

« f

4"

23 Geo. III.

8° Ma

American

Trade*

Abolishing certain Offices of tht C'ulloms*

of the same Press, and instead thereof insert, " Provided always, " That this Act, and the Powers " and Authorities hereby given to " His Majesty, and all Orders " ifl'ucd and published in consequence thereof, shall continue " apd be in force until the Twentieth Day of December, One " thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-three."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States: And that Mr. Secretary Fox and Mr. Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

American

Trade.

Army —

Paymaster

General's

Office.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pain9>&c* °* Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and p""^old ail<l Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter "

Perring, Esquire. for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Scleft Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold examined a Witness, and produced further Evidence in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for atad against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till a Quarter of an Hour after Six of the Clock.

r

An ingrossed Bill for preventing certain Instruments American from being required from Ships belonging to the United ^rade-States of Ama'ica, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying

the 25th Day of April last, for reading a Second Time, on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His

Tomorrow, the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the pains, &c. on Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, according further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting Rumbold and Order, a Bill for preventing certain Instruments certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, pernD6-

Baronet, and Peter Esquire, for

to Order, a Bill for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States: And the same was received; and read the Firl’t Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

And the Bill, having no Blank therein, nor any Amendment being proposed to be made thereto;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday lait, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General " of His Majesty’s Forces," might he read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, '1 hat the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon Monday next, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

Vo L. d<).

certain

Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Tort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the Iioule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sultafh

Elation.

41a

9® Mali.

J. 1783.

Veneris, 9* die Mail;

Anno 23® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1783. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Coryton Esquire, and others, Freeholders and Free Burgesses, by Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Salt ash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Freeholders and Free Burgesses, by Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Five Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into She Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Nine* Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Buller, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of John Anstruther, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-nine other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, ‘ the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, lb drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated the Right honourable William Eden to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

02

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Rill c for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and Militia Pay, of the [Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers &c* of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Luther's for veiling Part of the settled Estates of John Luther, Estate*- Esquire, in the County of Southamp, in the said John Luther, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Winchester, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c- Road, of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the Cky of Winchester, over Worthy Caw Dawn, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Nerotown River; and allb the Road from Worthy Caw Dawn aforesaid, through Whemvel'I,to the prefer* Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of February last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. ’

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved,

Adjournment.

♦. James

Westminster,

YtUry.

Saltash

tiectiun.

St. James,

M t-Ununtler, Yciiry.

23 Geo. III.

Mail.

413

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of was

offered to be presented to the House;

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lilts which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining-unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of John Anstruther, Esquire, and the Right honourable

William Eden, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Philip Yorke, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Pelham, George Dempster, Esquire, John , Esquire,

William Dickenson, Esquire, the Honourable John Jefferies Pratt, Peter Johnstone, Esquire, John Baring, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, John Hanbury, Esquire, 'AbelMoysey, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Foley, John Curtis, Esquire, John Ansti'Uther, Esquire, the Right honourable William Eden.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Buller, Esquire, and all'o of the said Petition of John

Coryton, Esquire, arid others, Freeholders and Free Burgesses, by Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Freeholders and Free Burgesses, by Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were (worn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents, on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Then the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thein-selves and others, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That by a Clause in an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called The 4‘ Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster," it was provided, that Thirty-four Persons

therein named or described should be the Vestrymen of such new Parish, and that for ever thereafter the Vestry should consist of that Number, and no more, in Manner and under the Regulations specified in the said Act; and Representing to the House, that the giving an uncontroulable Power to such a Select Vestry, to levy and dispose of Rates, and do all other Matters and Things in the Government and Management of so large and opulent a Parish as that of Saint James, is now become an intolerable Grievance to the Pa-rithioners at large, who are thereby deprived of the Privilege of having any Controul on their Conduct, and even of having the least Infight or Inspection of the Parish Accounts, and however they may feel themselves opprtfl’ed by the Proceedings of such Sclect Vestry, the Nature of their Institution, and the Powers with which they are armed, deprive the Petitioners, and the Parishioners in general, of the proper Means of Redress; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint , within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing

Vol. 39.

Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and conceive, that it would tend much to the Ease, Satisfaction, and Benefit of the Parishioners, if Provisions were to be made in the said Bill, for altering the present Mode of governing the Parish by such Select Vestry, and enabling all Persons inhabiting to vote in the Election of Vestrymen, or having Estates therein (who shall be properly qualified) to act as Vestrymen: And therefore praying,

That Provision for that Purpose may be made in the said Bill, in such Manner as may be deemed expedient, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to *fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses St. James, and Estates, in the Parish of Saint , within the p^ev^n^er> Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, g" and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, Power is proposed to be given to the Vestry to appoint a Committee of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Annually, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, and other Places, within the said Parish, and for railing Money for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners are informed, that feme of the Owners of Houses and Estates, within the said Parish, are delirous that the Mode of appointing such Committees ought to be varied from that which is proposed by the Bill; and Representing to the House, that the Petitioners are very desirous that the Power of appointing such Committees as aforesaid should be vetted „ in the Vestry of the said Parish, in the Manner proposed by the said Bill, being the Mode in which Committees have been appointed for the Purposes aforesaid for several Years palt: And therefore praying, That, no Alteration may be made in the Manner of appointing the said Committees, but that the same may remain in the Vestry of the said Parish in the Manner proposed by the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Luther’* for vetting Part of the settled Estates of John Luther, Estateg* Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into County a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Gaols, explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of " Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective " Counties." t

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That 5 N they

Ways and Means.

American

Trade.

Williams's

Estates.

Duty on Soap.

Scotland — Uice, drc. exported and imported.

9° — nc Mali. A. 1783.

414

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

And then he withdrew

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Williams's to veil in Trullees, and their Heirs, certain Estates Estates* of John Hanbury Williams, Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trulls and for the purposes in the faiij Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Luna, 12* die Maii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and

Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing certain instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the U nited States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to veil in Trullees, and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams, Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trulls and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Rmce, from the Commissioners of Excile in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty on Soap, from 5th January 1782 to 5th July following.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, Tobacco, Sugars, Molasses, and Rum, exported from Scotland, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Year, the several Quantities and Species, and the Ports from whence and to which the same have been exported: And also.

An Account of all Rice, Indigo, Cochineal, Tobacco, Sugars, Mobiles, and Rum, imported into Scotland, for Ten Years, ending at Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the several Quantities and Species, and the Countries from whence imported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Templer’* for vesting such Parts of the real Estates of James Estates-Templer, Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts, and Dorset, in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Winchester, Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His &c«R°ad. present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Coro Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an.

Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. William Selwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Abdy'* to enable Sir William Abdy, Baronet, to grant Leases of Estate. his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting cer- StCuthbert’* tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Inclosure. being within the Out-Parish of Saint in

Wells, in the County of Somerset, was a read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Tudway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Robert Tudway, Charles Tudway,

Thomas Lax, William Ellis, Isaac Gould, Abraham Gould, Betty Phelps, Richard Webb, John Porch, John

Law,

Chutteris’ ANuUc Lands.

St. CItmer.t

] UK'S

Paving.

Kilbourne bridge, &c. Road.

23 Geo. III. 1

415

La.v, John James, and others, whole Names are thereunto fuhfaibed, was profcnted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the Dime will be very injurious to their Eltutes, and of no public Advantage: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against all and every Part of the said Bill affecting their Interest, in order that the same may not pass into a haw; or that they may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Cou:del, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they tl ink fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Couniel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of toeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Wufte Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Eh/,in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ham Rootle, Mr. York e, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com- Royal Assent million, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts to Bill*, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and one private Bill, therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl of Mansfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

Mr. Bung reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of liy Street as lies within the Paiilli of Scant Mary le Strand, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Inrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was difugreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Cla fe was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving Mr. Kitcheners Rights.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George the Firl’t, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Pound to

bourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the 2yth Year of King George the Second, to enable the rcl'pective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to HighgatcGatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at

Jslunjton, to the Edgeicarc Road near Paddington, lb far as the same is by the said Act directed to he under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-iucn-tioned Acts, w as read a Second Time.

Vol. Jib

An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

An Act for defraying the Charge gf the Pay of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and

Eighty-three.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint James " Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex."

An Act for impowering Nigel Boyer Gresley, Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation of Wilden Fenj the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in to Gainfbo-the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to rou?11 Nayi* Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for im- ga °n‘ pow ering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

416

Birmingham An ingrafted Bill to enable the Proprietors of the

Canal. Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Exlention of Canal from a Place near Riders Green, in the Parish of Westbromivich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and also, an Extension of Canal, from or near ‘the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near in the Parish of

Tamworth ,with a.Collateral Branch to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 1.1. 36. After " " to insert u with

" a Collateral Cut to the lower " Part of the said Town of Birm

Pr. 2. 1. 15. After " Land" to insert " and to the " lower Part of the said Town of " B."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and allb, a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Lewisham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom, it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, le granted to His Majesty, for completing the rebuilding of His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, to be applied in aflilting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Boilftime Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac-

Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several

Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Dei'by: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 17S3, be referred to the said Committee.

A. 1783.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 17S3, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Rated the 5th Day of April 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1782 has been disposea of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of April 1783, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TFednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Widows of Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Officers, &cf Commissioned and Warrant Officers entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Clafies to which they belong, together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class, from 1772 to 1782, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been annually1 or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion re-That there be laid before this House Copies of all Orders specting Sir and Instructions given to Sir Richard Bickerton for R" Bickerton. conducting the Fleet under his Command to The East Indies, as far as the feme relate to his reinforcing Sir Edward Hughes.

And the said "Motion w-as, with Leave of the House, withdrawri.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the County Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Gaol*» explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build " and repair Gaols in their respective Counties," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Coals used ia Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Anglesey

08 for A,lues-

12* Maii.

23 'Geo. III.

12° — 130

Mail:

417

for allowing'a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used ^iu fincltipg Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and 1-cad Mines ' within the Isle of Anglesey, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

1U.

in

Coal Doty mt Amlwch.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 13° die Mali;

And the said Report.«as read.

And the several Petitions against the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons concerned in the Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall, were heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And having proposed to examine, as a Witness, Mr. John Eduards, he w>as called in to the Bar; and it appearing to the House, that he had forae Share in certain Alines in Cornwall;

The laid Witness was objected to by the Counsel for the Bill, as being interested in the Question before the House. *

And the Counsel on both Sides having been heard on the Alatter of the said Objection;

The said Witness and Counsel were directed to withdraw.

A Alotion was made, and the Question was proposed; That the Counsel for the Petitioners be permitted to examine the said Air. John in Support of the

Petition against the Bill. > .

And the said Alotion was, with L^ave of the Iloule, withdrawn.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

A Alotion was made, and the Question w as proposed, That that Question be now put.

And the said Two Alotions were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the Port of Amlwch, for Coals, for the lait Three Tears, distin-

guishing each Year.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Persons found Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alom-JTeaJt^0Ufe* nexh resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole lnfirutnenu. House, to consider further of the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements . for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Adorning next.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorn-M* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow viz.

Anno 23® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Luther's Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Estates. Luther, Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Harrison, Mr. Mbtchin, Sic.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and St. Clement lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Danes County of Middlesex, and such Part of Wyche Street Pavin»-

as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng clo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaols at Herefo, in and for the Petition. County and City of Hei'eford, as well on Behalf of themselves, as all other Prisoners confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Air. Penfuddock reported from the Committee, to Sheppards whom the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed Shord, &c< . in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and Roads‘ passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to continue and make more effectual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and Horsley Upright

Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, and also of the Alortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and also of many principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in and near the said Highways, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Vox.. S9.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And

Air. Ralph Hale Gaby being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Reparation of the said Highways, and have borrowed and expended therein the Sum of 1,350/; and that 1,250/. together with a confidemble Arrear of Interest, now remains

5 O due

Bayntun’s . Divorce.

Supply.

418 13 0 Maii. . 1783.

due upon the Tolls granted by the said Acts: And the Witness added, That the said Highways are in many Parts ruinous and bad, and cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed and Interest thereof be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further extended and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the lteign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shard and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent: And that Mr. Penruddoc/c and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew , Esquire,

with Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Four hundred Forty-four Pounds, and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty thousand One hundred Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-one thousand Eight hundred Seventy-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to nmke good the Deficiency, on the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred Eighty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-two thousand Five hundred and Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty-one thousand Nine hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eleven thousand Eight hundred and Forty-three Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Awards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Rector, Vestrymen, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for paving, cleansing, and regulating, so much of Church Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Alledging, that Part of the said Lane, called Church Lane, lies in the said Parish of Saint George, and is now unpaved; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of both the said Parishes, and the Public in general, if such Part of the^ said Lane as is now' unpaved was put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, for the Purpose of paving and regulating the fame; and that the Rates, which can rea-fonably be laid on the Houses and Tenements within that Part of the said Lane which lies in the fai.d Parish of Saint George, will be insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Petitioners have agreed to pay to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, the Sum of 235/. to make good such Expences as they may incur by paving the fame, over and above the Rates and Assessments to be laid on the Houses and

03 Tenements

Whitechapel Paving, &c.

23 Geo. III. 13 a Mai419

Tenements within such Part of the said Lane as lies in the said Parish of Saint George; but the Petitioners are unable to raise Money for carrying the said Agreement into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Peculations as to the House shall lcctn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Alderman

Jl ilkes.See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Billion Navi- The Order of the Day being read, for the . further Ration. Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with Collateral Cuts, from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of in the

Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tip/on otherwise and

IVeslbromxtick, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of and from

thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said

County of Stafford;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Doctors Mr. Banks reported from the Committee, to whom

Ac^Eaai* in?rofihd Bill Irom the Lords, intituled, An Act for c* tal6, carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean and Chapter of St.Paul's, London, and the College ' of Doctors of Law excrcent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of London, called Doctors Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by Leases lor Years, in the said College in Eee Simple, and referring the reout a certain Yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their SucceiTois, for ever, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allega-

/ o

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee lmd dirtfted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit

Then the said BilL was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do caity the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pains, &c. on The House proceeded to the further Hearing of RumbolU and Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Perring. Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

Vpx,. 39.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in his Defence; and having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to shew that Anthony Sadlier, Esquire, had been suspended from the Company’s Service before the Time in which it is charged by the Bill that be, being then Chief of Masulipatam, lent a Letter to Sir Thomas Rumbold, dated the 5th of May 1778, informing the said Sir Thomas Rumbold of various illegal and corrupt Practices in certain of the Company’s Servants who hud preceded Air. Sadlier in the Chiefship of Masulipatam; and the Entry in the Confutations of the Presidency of Fort Saint George, dated the 17th of December 1776, having been read, in order to shew such Suspension of Mr. Sadlier from the Company’s Service;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be permitted to produce Evidence, to shew the Reasons for Air. Sadlier having been suspended, at a Period prior to his fending the Information to Sir Thomas resptfting the Conduct of the Subordinates;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the last Entry of reading the Con-fultation of the 17th of December 1776, be struck out of the Alinutes of the Evidence.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Air. Speaker acquainted them with the said llesolutions.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold having offered to produce Evidence, in order to shew that the said Air. Sadlier had lent to the Directors of the East India Company a Paper, purporting to be a Copy of the Letter so sent by him as above mentioned to Sir Thomas Rumbold, accompanied with an Affidavit of his own, that the said Paper was a true Copy of such Letter, whereas, when the same was compared with the originaL Letter lo sent to Sir Thomas Rumbold, it appeared not to be a true Copy, but that they varied from each other in several very material Particulars;

Which Evidence being objected to by the Counsel for the Bill;

The Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold informed the House, That they did not insist on producing the said Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold be directed to proceed in their Evidence, as offered by them.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in his Defence; and having submitted to the House, that the Bill having ltated that the Disobedience, during the Administration of Sir Thomas Rumbold at Madras, to the Orders of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by granting a Lease of the Jaghire Lands to the Nabob for Three Years, was highly aggravated by the declared Intention of the Company to take the jaghire Lands into their own Hands, the said Counsel proposed to shew that the Company never came to any Resolution, nor at any Time ever formed a Plan, for the Purpose of taking the said Jaghire Lands into their own Hands.

Which Evidence being objected to by the Counsel for the Bill;

The Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold were heard in Answer to the said Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill having been heard by way of Reply;

The

420

The Counfei for and against the BUI were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counfei for Sir Thomas Rumbold be permitted to produce Evidence to thew that it docs not appear that the East India Company had given any Orders, or formed any Plan, for taking the Jaghire Lands out of the Possession of the Nabob, subsequent to the Time of Sir Thomas Government;

It paded in the Negative.

Then the Counfei were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counfei for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in their Evidence; and having stated to the House, that the Nabob of Arcot having entitled himself to peculiar Attention from the Company, by his Behaviour in the Affair of the Siege of Pondicherry; and having proposed to read a Letter from the Directors of the East India Company to the Nabob, to shew the Acknowledgments of the Company for those Services;

The Counfei for and against the BUI were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counfei for Sir Thomas Rumbold be admitted to read in Evidence a Letter from the Directors of the East India Company to the Nabob of Arcot, dated the 16th of June 1779, containing the Acknowledgments of the Company for his Conduct on the lleduction of Pondicherry,

It paCTed in the Negative.

Then the Counfei were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counfei for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined another Witness in his Defence.

And then the Counfei for and against the BUI were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counfei upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Abingdon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wm. . the (j|er|< of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, in the room of Henry Haworth, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Maii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP0 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Huntingdon /~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. \J rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Master of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Helt and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

Kingsomborn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Iucioiure. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

A. 1783.

Tields in the Manor and Parish of Kingsornbom, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Per tons found to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, yrith House-to consider further of the Bill for Punishment of idle jnfmimenta. and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Wcapous, Audi be found in the Night Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Periods, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Coin- Fenchurch mittee, to whom the Bill for widening the North-West Street,

End of Fenchurch Street, within the City of London, Londou* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, Leeds and to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers Liverpool of an A fit, pafi’ed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Cana,‘ King George the Eirft, for making the River Douglas alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or " Canal from Leeds Bridge in the County of York, tp " the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River " Mersey," to purchase the Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Land Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the several Townships of Rufford and Tarleton with Sollom, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred;

That the Committee had heard Coimfel, and examined Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the said 'Petition, and had also examined Witnesses in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place'; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and fevsral Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

13* — 146 Maii.

23 Geo. III. 14®- — 15’‘Mail 421

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

T.leftions — The House, -according to Order, resolved itself into a Bribery and Committee pt’ the whole House, upon the Bill for the \pence. better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve ill Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge took the Chair of the Committee. ‘ .

Mr. Speaker ^resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aldcnpun Saubrireported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, -when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Sazcbridg accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be futlieient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

F.ledions — Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-Auendanreof nig|ltj j|ie 03d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself iee o eru. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill

for the more ealy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

F.lection* — Resolved, That th’13 House will, upon Friday Seven-

Fraudulent night, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself . ote* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Y7otes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

M'ays and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-M?an*. ing nex^ ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15° die

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Sheppard’s A/CR. Penruddoch presented to* the House, accord-

Shord, Sit. LVl. ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term,

1*. u m O *

iioaas. and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High-

ways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown ,in the County of Hilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways there-Vol. 39.

unto adjacent: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Victualling the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Uttke. thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficieDt for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, State- East India ments to shew the Expences of the Wars and Hostilities Affairs* in India, sustained out of the Company’s Trading Stock,

previous to the obtaining the Grants of the Dewannees of Bengal, Bah or, and Orissa, and the Five Northern Circars, in the Year 1765.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid Government in consequence of Agreements with the Company concerning the Territorial Possessions in India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Customs and Duties, also an Estimate, as nearly as may be, of the Excise received by Government on account of the Company’s Trade, for Fifteen Years preceding 1766, and for F’ifteen Years following that Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement to shew the Amount realized in England from the Territories and Revenues obtained in India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid by the East India Company to discharge their Bond Debt, between the 31st of May 17G6 and the 31st of January 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Dividends made by the East Company, from Christmas 1708 to the lait Dividend . made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums received of Government in lieu of Forces withdrawn from India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums owing by the East India Company, that were due and payable before the ill of March 1783, the Payment of which has been pro-tra&ed.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, the Estimate of Cadi upon which the Company grounded the Calculation that 900,0001, would be wanted to carry on their Affairs to the lit of March 1784-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Coll and Charges of One Ton

5 P of

422 15° — i 6° . 1783.

East India of Salt Petre imported by the India Company, A flairs. before the Freight increased in consequence of the War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Prime Cost and Charges of One Ton of Salt Petre, to be imported by the East India Company at the Freight of Ships taken tip for the Season 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Prime Cost and Charges of One Ton of Salt Petre, to be imported by the East India Company at the Peace Freight, including a Proportion of Losses.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the extraordinary Payments and Expences in England, and Losses at Sea, occasioned by the War, including the Cost of Three Men of War given to the Public; and an Estimate of such other extraordinary Expences as may accrue, so far as can at present be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Names and Number of the Ships that \iere expected to arrive from and in the

Years 1781 and 1782, which are not yet arrived; also, an Estimate of the Value of their Cargoes in England; distinguishing such Ships as are known to be loft.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Names and Number of the Ships that are expected to arrive from and China in the Years

1783 and 1784, with an Estimate of the Value of their Cargoes in England;distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of Calli which may probably be received and paid between the lft of May 1783 and the ill of September following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Expences defrayed by the United East India Company for the Subsistence of French Prisoners, and incident Charges.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of sundry Hospital Expences for His Majesty’s Troops, incurred by the United East India Company at their several Settlements in India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Expedition to Manilha, in account with the East India Company, subsetjuent to the Surrender of the Island to the Company's Servants, on the 2d of November 1762.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount due by the East India Company on Bond, and on Account of DepoGts in by the last Accounts received.

County An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act,

dOS‘ made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable

03

u Justices of Peace to build and repair . Gaols in their " respective Counties."

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Pains, *c. felupon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on ft unibold on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Paring, and PerrUiii* Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and Pre-lident, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon, the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Mail Anno 230 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hett. and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Birmingham Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal Canal, from a Place near Riders Green, in the County of

Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wilflen Feny for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a toGainfoo-Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby Navi* and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the gation‘ County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act st. Clement for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Danes Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and l*aving-certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Morton Pitt presented to the Uoufe, according Hundred of to Order, a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Re- Kynwardfton. version in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kymcardston,

in

William*'#

Eiiate*.

Boil (Ion# inclosure.

Repealing: Act respect-ing Gypsies.

Birmingham Poor, &c.

Fenehurch

Street,

London.

Africao

Fort#.

23 Geo. III.

16° Mali.

423

in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Beduynand Burbage, in the said County, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred, by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to velt in Trustees. and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams, Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trusts and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Party, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act. made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds, calling themselves Egyptians," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Mr. William and

Mr. Patry do prepare and bring in, the fame.

1

An ingrafted Bill for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of War-nick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 35. To leave out " moderate Correction."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir George Shuckburgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for widening the North West End of Fenehurch Street, within the City of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for w idening the North West End of Fenchurch Street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within the City of London.

Oraered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Duncamon from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of un Act of Parliament,

Vox.. 39.

Extract of a Letter from Captain Butchart, Commander of His Majesty s Ship Argo, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated English Harbour,

Antigua, 15th September 1782, transmitting the State and Condition of the British Forts on the Coast of Africa: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " State add Condition of the " British Forts on the Coast of Africa"

And the Titles of the said Extract and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Extract and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extract and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. '

A Petition of the several Debtors now confined in Debtor* Chelmsford Gaol: And also, Petition!.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Farmers, Artificers, '

Labourers, and others, confined lor Debt in the County Gaol of Stafford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposetf. That that Question be now put:

Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

Shortening Duration of Parliaments.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge,

Mr. James Martin: _ fThe Marquis of Graham,

[Sir Grey Cooper:

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes,

5<5.

121.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Abolishing Reading of the Bill for vacating certain Grants, and cert&inOffirea for abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices, in of th* Cuf* the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensatfon tom* to the Grantees thereof, both in Pofiession and Rever-fion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders; and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morarng next.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer- African chants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to Company, the House;

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of die House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;'

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1781, examined and passed by the- Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act, of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to Africa f and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1782, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and

Settlements

4^4 I 6* Mai 1783.

Settlements were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament for their support and Maintenance being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Establishments, and in the neccfl'ary contingent Charges, there remained little or nothing for the Purpose of Repairs, so that several of them Hill continue in a very defenccless State} and that fundrv Abuses having been alledged to exist in the Conduct of the Officers employed by the Petitioners on the Coast of Africa, and more particularly in the Management of the public Money committed to their Care, the Peti-. tioners thought proper, in the Year 1779, to suspend their Governor in Chief and the Council at Cape Coast Castle, and to appoint certain Commissioners to examine in Africa into the Conduct and Accounts of the Officers, from the Beginning of the Year 1770; and, the said Commissioners having made their Report upon the Accounts of Richard Miles, Esquire, Governor of Cape Coast Castle, and the Petitioners having themselves like-wife gone through a very long and most careful Examination of the said Accounts, they find, in Confirmation of the Report of the Commissioners, that the Sum of 5,544/. 94'. $d. Company’s Pay, equal to about 3,465/. Sterling, is due to the said Richard which they are not at present in any Condition to pay, without the Affifiance of the House; and that there are several other Sums of Money claimed by the said Officers, which the Petitioners cannot at present decide upon, the Commissioners not having reported upon the Accounts on which they are founded; and that the Petitioners, by Advices from Africa, find that a very considerable Expence has been incurred by the Hostilities on that Coast between the Subjects of this Country and of the States General of the United Provinces, for which no Provision has been made, but having received'no particular Accounts of the said Expenditure, they cannot at present ascertain the exact Amount; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard fheu n by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be necessary for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements in Africa, for the Payment of the Debt already ascertained to be due to Richard Allies, Esquire, and for discharging such Debts as shall appear to have been incurred by the Dutch War, and likewise such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do li6 upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be l’ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, -That the Order made upon Wednesday kft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon this Day Seven-night, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

o / 1

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 2fith Day of this Inltant Alay, relblve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tills Day Seven-night, upon the Bill for the more ealy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Iioule, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having signed a Petition to the House agaiirft inclosing several Moors

o o

and Waste Lands, situate within the Out Parish of Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset, upon being told by the Person who solicited Names *to the said Petition, that the said Inclosure would be of Disadvantage to them, do hereby pray to have their Names struck out therefrom, the Petitioners being now well convinced, that if an Inclosure takes Place, the same will be attended with Advantage to them* and their respective Estates, and they having, since the signing the said Petition, signed their Consents to the Bill for inclosing the said Waste Lands, which they pray to be taken as their true Intent and Meaning.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset,- is committed.

Army —

J* ay m after

General's

Office.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of " the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Grey CocjKr accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Alonday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Fraudulent

Votes.

Elections — Attendance^ Fret holders.

St. Cuthbert Inclosure.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

23 Geo. III. 190 Mail.

425

4

Luna, 19* die Mail;

Anno 23* Georgii III'" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Bayntim’* ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; itorce. to dissolve the Marriage of Ef-

quire, with Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel and examine Wit-iuriles for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witness’es against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Oditock, tic. A Petition of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of inclosure. Saint Marys College near Winchester, whose Seal is

thereunto let, and of the several Perl’ons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of

Bissett, in the County of Wilts, w'as presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Odstock, Jlowinglon, Coombe Bissett, West Harnham, and -

hampton, and certain Open Lands, lying at the East End of the said Parish of Hoin the County of Wilts-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well convinced, that an inclosure of their respective Estates in the said Parish of Coombe Bissett, would be highly injurious to their Property, which cannot be occupied in any other State than that in which they now are: And therefore praying, That the said Parish of Coombe. Bissett may be left out of the said Bill; that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts thereof as affect them; and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have l’uch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said. Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Whitechapel Mr. By ngreported from the Committee, to whom F»vu.g,4c- the Petition of the Rector, Vellrymen, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Major Wright being examined, said, That such Part of Church Lane, as lies within the said Parish of Saint Vol. J9-

George, is at present unpaved, and if the same was to be paved, cleauled, and regulated, under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed by a Bill now depending, for paving, cleansing, and regulating the other Part of the said Lane, which lies within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, it would be Of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of both the said Parishes, as well as the Public in general.

And the Witness added, That the Rates which can reasonably be laid upon Houses and Tenements, within such Part of the said Lane as lies in the Parish of George, will be insufficient for the above Purposes; and that the Petitioners have agreed to pay to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, the Sum of Two hundred and Thirty-five Pounds towards paving the fame, over and above the said Rates, w'bich Money the Petitioners are unable to raise without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving, cleansing, and regulating so- much of Church Lane, as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places -within the same Parish, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church of the said Parish, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for paving and regulating so much of Church Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee to whom the Templer’* ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates. vetting such Parts of the real Estates of James Templer,

Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts, and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 21. After "reposed," inlert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). " And whereas all the Deer within

" Male Park are the sole Property of Lady Elizabeth Archer;

" Be it therefore Enacted and De-tlclared by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act " contained shall extend, or be " construed to extend, in anywise " whatsoever to alter or affect the " Right of the said Lady Elizabeth " Archer to the Deer w’ithin the said Hale Park; but that it shall " and may be lawful for the said " Lady Elizabeth Archer, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to fell, or in any other " Manner to dispose of the said " Deer, as Hie or they shall think " proper; any Thing in this Act " to the contrary thereof notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

5 Q A Petition

Debtors

Tellium.

He pealing Ad respect-ingGy plies.

Johnby

Inclosure.

Leeds and Liverpool Cuual.

426

19" Mail.

A. 1783.

A Petition of the unfortunate and greatly distressed Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle Gaol of Gloucester, was prevented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Selxcyn presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled,

" An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling " themselves Egyptians: And the same was received; and read' the Firl’t Time.

Resolved, That the- Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Surrey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to establilli an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain customary Estates within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, pahed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble

to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, pafl’ed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from Leeds Bridge, in the " County of York, to The North Lady's Walk, in " Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " from thence to the River to purchase the

Shares of the said River Douglas Navigation; for amending the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty; and for incorporating and consolidating the Powers of the said Two Acts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 32. To leave out " enlarging," and insert " varying" instead thereof.

Pr. 24. i. 4. To leave out from " Reign " to " to " in 1. 11. '

1- Hi

and > To leave out " the Shares of."

12.J

1. 12. To leave cut " Douglas."

1. 14. After " said " to insert " last-mentioned and to leave out from " Act " to " fur " in 1. 13.

1. 16.]

and > To leave out " the Powers of."

17.J

1. 17. To leave out "Acts," and insert " Navigations, and for other Purposes" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth . Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas, alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to /Figan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Comnany of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned 07

Act; for incorporating and Consolidating the said Two Navigations; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Herbert Machcorth reported from the Committee, Kilimum* to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Biulge, &<. of Two Acts, made in the 7th Year of King George Road* the First, and the 8th Year- of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to

Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the 29th Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Hi^ligate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgexvare Road near Paddington, lb far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first -mentioned Acts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to ny the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- East India posed, That the original Minutes of the Scleft Com- Affair*, mittee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, from whence the Seventh Report of the said Committee is formed, be laid before this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " That " the Words " a Copy of."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted; '

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Copy of the Original Minutes of the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, from whence the Seventh Report of the said Committee is formed, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before* this House a Bill Ditto, of Parcels, dated in August 1781, delivered in by Mr,

Strahanto the East India Company, for Copies of the Act, passed in the Year 1781, relating to the Admiuif-tration of Justice in Bengal.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon M«(frs. the 24th Day of April last, " That there be laid before Powell and " this House a Copy of the Treasury Minutes of the Bembridge. " 15tit and 22d Days of February lait, relating to Mr.

Powell and Mr. Bembridge," might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Order be discharged;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General " of His Majesty’s Forces," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then

Coals nfed in A m l t* fey Mines.

Supply.

Ways and Me axis.

' Saltash Election.

Teinpler's

Estatea.

Debtors Petition.

23 Geo. III. 19® — 20° Maii.

427

Then the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

The iloufe divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Lord George 1

Henry Cavendish, i 161.

Mr. Sheridan: J

{$?tlMah0'h }>37.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That tine further Hearing of Counsel upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals ul'ed in smelling Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Minft within the Isle of Anglesey, was committed, be ad journed till Wednesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant May.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itfeli into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mm ning next, resolve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Ifoufe adjourned^ till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mentis, 20° die Maii; Anno 23* Georgii Regis, 1783.

Mr. Bytig presented to the House, according to Order, Whitechapel a Bill for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and Paving,&c, near the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Afaty, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Peter Mickell, Esquire, Secretary to Persons to the East India Company, do attend this House To- attend, morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Johnson, Secretary to the Committee of Secrecy of the East India Company, do attend this House at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for calling over Call of the the Names of such Members as, upon Tuesday the 6th House.

Day of this Inltant May, made Default to appear;

Ordered, That the said Ordef be discharged.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East India the United Company of Merchants of England trading Affairs, to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Bill of Parcels, dated in " August 1781, delivered in by Mr. Strahan to the " East India Company, for Copies of the ACtq passed in the Year 1781, relating to the Administration of " Justice in Bengal."

Praters.

MR. Dempster, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merita of ihc Petition of John Buller, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Coryton, Esquire, and others, Freeholders and Free Burgesses, by Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Sallasli, in the County of on

Behalf of themselves and all other the freeholders and Free B.irgdTcs, by Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough, tevcrully complaining of an undue Eltction and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, is duly elected a Bui gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sal task, in the County of Cornwall.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting such Parts of the real Estates of James Tempter, Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wills, and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money anting by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for tlio Purposes therein mentioned, waa read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals. Ordered, That Mr. llolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors of Pril'on, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

V©L. 39.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Pajiers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pains, Ac. on Couitfel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Rumbold and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Fernug. Peering, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whiift they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Couofellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies. '

And the Council for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be furthci; adjourned tills Morning

next.

Ordered, That Mr. WhitshedKeene have Leave to Fees of make a Motion, it being Nine of the Clock. Custoiu*.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by the several Officers of the;

Customs in the Port of London, not being Patentees,

with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment, together

with

.5,1° — 'll* Mail

Repealing Ad respecting Gypties.

Luther’s

Estates.

Chatteris NV ixite Land:

428

with their respective Payments for Taxes and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employment annually, on an Average of the Years 1772, 1773, and 1774.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy2 T Mail;

Anno 23° Georgii IU, U Regis, 1783. Prayers.

ABILL to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling " themselves Egyptians" was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Luther, Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Philip Yorlce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the lame, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774» relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 47 Messuages, having Right of Common on the said Grounds, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Messuages is 165; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A. 1783.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Abdy’« whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

Act to enable Sir William Abdy, Baronet, to grant Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that thiS House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Sheppards enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Se- Sh°rd, *e. cond and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late 1 oa '* Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord, and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Scotland — Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Pro- Regulating ceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts the Justiciarj in Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had Court" gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ojne by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by TemplerV this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting such Estate*. Parts of the real Estates of James Tempter, Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts, and

Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Miol’s N*t for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do make the Report Kingston from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building upon Hull a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town Gaol, of Kingston upon Hull’, for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Ul’e of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town, and for raising Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Fares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof;

for

23 Geo. III. 210 Mail. 429

for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and estab-lishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull-, and for other Purposes, was committed.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the* Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of the Dock Company of Kingston upon Hull; and also of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and also, of the Petition of Christopher , Christopher Henry Legard, John B, and Bethell

Esquires, and others, in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and also, of the Petition of Richard Aloxon, on Behalf of himself and John being Pro-

prietors of Staiths fitftate on the Side of the River Hull, in the Port of Kingston upon , referred to their Con-

lideration; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Tenants to deliver Possession.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Norton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, bath been made an Ensign of Foot in His Majesty’s Army. '

Abolifting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-certain cond Reading of the Bill, for vacating certain Grants, the Customs. ant^ ^or abolishing various obsolete and useless Offices in ms* the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grautees thereof, both in Possession and Reversion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Tradersj and for regulating the Business and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and' the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally prQposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Vol. 39.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday vennight, the 2d Day of June next, relblve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Deputies,

Officers, and Clerks under the Chief Patentees of Offices of the Customs within the Port of London; and also, the PetitiorKof George Duke of Manchester, Collector of the Customs Outwards, in the Port of London. Henry Duke of Newcastle, Comptroller of the Customs Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of London, Henry Stazvell, Lord Stawell, Surveyor of the Customs in the Port of London, and Thomas Lord Pel-ham, Surveyor General of the Customs in the said Port of London; and also, the Petition of the several Deputy Patent Searchers and deputed Searchers of His Majesty’s Customs, within the Port of London, severally praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the*.said Bill; and also, the Petition of the Landing Waiters in the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the Coast Waiters in the Port of London-, and also the Petition of Edward Whitehouse, Surveyor of the Coast Waiters

in the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the Collector, Deputy Customer, Deputy Comptroller*

Surveyor, Deputy Searcher, Coast Waiter, and -Land Waiters of His Majesty’s Customs in the Port of j and also, the Petition of the Landing Surveyors belonging to the Custom House, in the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the Established Weighers in Fee for the Port of London; which were severally presented to the House upon the 14th, 17th, 18th, 19th,

21ft, and 31st Days of March last,. be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Three first-mentioned Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Report which,t^pon Tuesday the East India lft Day of April last, was made from the Select Com- A""r*' roittee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Trade with port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom America, the Bill for the provisional Establishment and Regulation of Trade and Intercourse between the Subjects of Great Britain and those of the United States of North America, was re-committed, be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of June nqxt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Supply. Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meana. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5 R

Kin^itort upon Hull Gaol*

Chatteris Waite Lund?,

Repealing ri lped-itig CiypfWfc

43°

22° — 23" Mali. A. 1783.

J22° die J\[aii

Anno 23° Georgii III'" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

A N inarofled Bill for building a new Gaol for the A Town and County of the Town of Kingston ujxjii Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Uieof the Parish of The Holy in the said

Town, and for railing Money for those Purposes; for ascertaining the Pares of Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and regulating their Behaviour; for preventing Annoyances within the said Town, and Liberties and Precincts thereof; for explaining an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull;and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new , Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of K; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy 'Trinity in the said Town; for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and d(ire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cam-

bridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts ‘of the said Grounds to fence the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying i’eve-ral Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the I lie oi Ely, in the County of , and for

obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. PhilipYorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reigti of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves " Egyptians," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Conn- pajn5> &c. on lei upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties Rumbold and on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilll; they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence, and examined several other Witness'es in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish have Leave to Money in make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock. Exchequer-

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt. Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1782.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

Aningrolled Bill for regulating the Proceedings of the Scotland — Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotla/ul, was Regulating read the Third Time. £e J"f,c,a'7

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title °Ur be, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,23* die Mali; Anno 23° Georgii III. U Regis, 1783,

Abaters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Somers Cocks do carry to Kingston the Lords the ingrossed Bill for building a new upon Hull Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of ^uo1* Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon

01 Hull,

Adjournment.

Ttliol’s Nat.

Repealing Act respecting Gy plies.

Johnby Inclosure.

Wil llama’s LlUtes.

St, Martin in the Fields Paving.

23 Geo. III. 23° Mail 431

Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described; and for other Purposes, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Dill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Mid, was read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Filth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling the mi'elves ,"

was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

A Bill to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates, within tl»e Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to the Earl of Surrey, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil iu Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams, Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trufis and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Martin the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and such Part of Great Drury Lane as lies within the Parish of Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Voi„ 39.

'Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bouvcrie reported from the Committee, to whom Odrtock. &c.

the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Parillics of Odstock, Homington, Coombe. West Harnham, and A 'etherhampton, and certain Open

Lands lying at the East End of the fail Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Warden and Scholars,

Clerks, of Saint Mary's College near Winchester, whole

Seal is thereunto set, and of the several Persons w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfolvcs and others, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Coombe Bissett, in the County of Wills, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2,5th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; that with respect to the Clause relating to the public Roads, inserted in the Bill in pursuance of the Standing Order of the House, of the 14th Day of March 1781, the Committee had made an Alteration therein, as the Bill i3 only for dividing and allotting Lands; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Persons whole Property within the said Parishes amounts to the Annual Value of 370/.; and also, except the Provost and Scholars of King's College, in Cambridge, who are entitled to an Estate in Reversion, after a Life or Lives, of the Annual Value of 125/., but that the Tenants of such Estate, by Lease and by Copy of Court Roll, had consented to the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of the Property within the said Parishes amounts to 2,899/. 10*-; a°d that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Richard Smith presented to the House, pursuant East India to their Order, Affairs.

A Copy of the Original Minutes of the Selcft Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa, from whence the Seventh Report of the said Committee is formed.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Person* found Committee of the whole House, to consider further of with house-the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they

had

A* 1783*

43 2 30 —

Supply.

Ways and Means.

bad examined several Witnesses, and had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUersfor theYeM,{^;">

Tel, OTforU1eNoeS,{^"^£w.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A) being severally read a Second Time, werer upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Seven-night, the 2d Day of June next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

> 44* >43-

The other Order of the Day being read}

Election* — The House proceeded to take into further Confide-

Expence^ rat*on the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 5. 1. 9, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was difegreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 5.1. 9, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

Luna, 26° die Mali;

Anno 23* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

MR. John Tawnshend, from the Commissioners for Navy Debt.

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1782.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

23 Geo. III.

433

M

Navy Office, 15th February 1783

1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter Navy Debt. . J mentioned, as it flood on 31st December 1782.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay oft and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c\ supplied for the Service thereof -For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s llvcral Yards, &c*. and for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 it December 1782, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Hope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ----- For Half Bay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majel’ty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea Bay on the aforesaid 31st December 1782 -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necellaries, &c\ -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz'.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Bay, and which have been paid off -For paying oft" all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1782 For necessary Money, extra D" Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Burts ——

Sick and wounded, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz'.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Fifteen Millions Four hundred and Fifty-nine thousand One hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence From whence deducting the Money

in the Treafu rev’s Hands - - I as on the other

And also the Money that remained] Side, to come in of the Supplies

The Debt will then be Fourteen Millions Two hundred and Seven thousand Four hundred and Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence -

JV. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between lft January 1782 and 31st December following -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Prisoners of War, between lit January 1782 and 31st December following, amounts to -

£. t.. d.

6,231,324 1 3 1

£ d- ,

814,837 8 6

229,725 —

98,072 5 10

870,114 6 7

2,268,135 4 8

310,287 5 10

7,373,958 15 7

22,727

4,197,003

15T98

121,075

20,800

15

12

1

4

— 3

17 —

1 y

312,271 8 U]

939,449 8 31J

889,144 9 5 80,130 5 5

For which Sum of 969,274/. 14.9. 10d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt will then be Thirteen Millions Two hundred and Thirty-eight thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds Two Shillings and Seven-pence - JO*

3,448,53617

4,376,805 8 9

259,834 12 5

15,459,135 10

1,251,720 16 5

14,207,414 17 5

969,274 14 10

13,238,140 2 7

VOL. 39.

5 S

Memd"

r*

Menf": There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1782, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

o

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

n

in what Treasurer’s Hands* On the Heads of

IN MONEY. r ' — L J ' Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen’s Wages. ' \ Victuals. TOTAL.

Right honourable Wilbore jTn Money ---- £. s. d. 8,938 12 5$ £. s. d. 21,931 12 1 £. s. d. 1,821 4 411 £. t. d.

Ellis, Esquire \ - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - - 415 17 5 - - - 1 33,107 6 31

Right honourable Isaac Barri, Esquire [In Money - -- -- --t - Ditto - towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - 7,982 10 101 26,650 — 6 i 72 5 11 1,390 6 1 m 36,095 3 5 J

Right honourable Henry Dundas, Esquire - - Jin Money ----- I - Ditto - towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - 127,053 12 111 47,128 7 1 10,891 8 2 57,995 10 i|J - 243,068 18 4i

£ 143,974 16 3* 107,089 11 3 61,207 — 6 £ - 312,271 8 ll

There remained, on die 31st December 1782, to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies for the Year 1782 - 939,449 8 3 j

0

1

Cha‘ Middleton, J. William, Edztf Hunt, Geo. Geo.

434 26° Mali. A. 1783.

Money in Exchequer,

Had India Affairs,

23 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

435

An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed);

i6° Maii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of

Parliament

£. s. d.

Impreit Money repaid by the Executors of Sir Gilbert Elliot ---- 14,000------

General Dalrymple - ..... 306 9

Captain GoldJ'rap, Secretary to General Grant - 4,500-

James Christie, Commissary to D# - - - - 2,082 18 3

John Povell, Esquire, Executor of Henry Lord Holland - - 20,000-----

Lord Sydney, and the Executors of Geo. Cooke, Esquire - - 83 14 6

Duty on Sugars, &c. since 29th September 1764 ----- - 3,659 2 — 4-

Cambricks, &c. since lft August 1766 - -- -- - 807 14 1

Apples imported ------ 2-

Melasses since 1st November 1766 ---- - 1,203 6 34.

Verdigrease since 24th June 1781 - -- 83176

Gum Senega, A* 1765 - - - 37 18 if

£. 46,767 — 5

EXC'T^"Day} .

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Inches, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Statements to shew the Expences of the Wars and Hostilities in India, sustained out of the Company’s Trading Stock, previous to the obtaining the Grants of the Dewannees of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and the Five Northern Circars, in the Year 1765: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Monies paid to Government, in consequence of Agreements with the Company, concerning the Territorial Possessions in India And also,

N° 3. The Amount of the Customs and Duties; also an Estimate, as nearly as may be, of the Excise received by Government on Account of the Company’s Trade, for Fifteen Years preceding 1766, and for Fifteen Years following that Period: And also,

N° 4. A Statement, to shew the Amount realized in England from the Territories and Revenues obtained in India: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Sums paid by the East India Company to discharge their Bond Debt, between the 31st May 1766 and the 31 178): And

also,

N° 6. An Account of Dividends made by the East

Vol. 39.

India Company, from Christmas 1708 to the last Dividend made: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Sums received of Government in lieu of Forces withdrawn from India: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Sums owing by the East India Company, that were due and payable before the lft March 1783, the Payment of which has been pro-tra&ed: And also,

N° 9. The Estimate of Calli upon which the Company grounded the Calculation, that 900,000l. would be wanted to carry on their Affairs to the lit March 1784: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Prime Cost and Charges of One Ton of Saltpetre, imported by the East India Company before the Freight increased in consequence of the War: And also,

N° 11. An Estimate of the Prime Colt and Charges of One Ton of Saltpetre, to be imported by the East India Company at the Freight of Ships taken up for the Season 1781: And also,

N° 12. An Estimate of the Prime Cost and Charges of One Ton of Saltpetre, to be imported by the East India Company at the Peace Freight, including a Proportion of Losses: And also,

N° 13. An Estimate of the extraordinary Payments and Expences in England, and Lodes at Sea, occasioned by the War, including the Cost of Three Men of War given to the Public, and an Estimate of such other extraordinary Expences as may accrue, lo far as can at present be ascertained: And ullb,

N® 14,

Debtors

lVtitiun.

Odftork, <S:c. Inclosure.

26° Mail. . 1783.

N° 14. An Account of the Names and Number of the Ships that were exposed to arrive from India and China in the Years 1781 and 1782, which are not yet arrived; also an Estimate of the Value of their Cargoes in England, distinguishing such Ships as are known to be loft: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Names and Number of the Ships that are expected to arrive from India and China in the Years 1783 and 1784; with an Estimate of the Value of their Cargoes in England, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N# lb. An Estimate of Cash which probably may be received and paid between the ift May 1783 and the ift September following: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Expences defrayed by the Unite d East India Company, for the Subsistence of French Prisoners, and incident Charges: And also,

N° 18. An Account of sundry Hospital Expences for His Majesty’s Troops, incurred by the United East India Company at their several Settlements in India: And also,

1S0 io* Expedition to Manilha in Account with the East India Company, subsequent to the Surrender of the Eland to the Company's Servants on the 2d November 1762: And also,

N° 20. The Amount due by the East India Company on Bond, and on Account of Deposits in India, by the last Accounts received.

Together with a List of the said Statements, Accounts, and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Statements, Accounts, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Statements, Accounts, and Papers, are preferred umonglt the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Debtors, as well Crown as others, now confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Aylesbury, in tlitM County of Backs, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dil'tress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Pari flics of Odstock, Ilomington, Coombe Bissett, I Test Ilarnham, and Ndherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Pai ifh of Ilomington, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

'Die Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 1. To leave out from <c the" to " Reve-€i rend " in 1. 7.

1. 12. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " within" in I. 13.

1. 27. To leave out " laid," and to insert " Reverend " in ft cad thereof.

And the said Amendments were, up >n the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common 1 i Ids, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, W afte Lands, and Commonable Places, within the le-veral Puri Hies of Odstock, Ilomine, ton, / Vest and Nclherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at

the Eall End of the said Parish of Ilomington, in the County of H ilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Jiouvcric do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Boilftone to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadow’s, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 52 Acres, who rcfuled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 1,013 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pole the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Repealing Filth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

" An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling 108 J,pies‘

" themselves Egyptianswas read the Third Time.

Resolved, rl hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Rci^n of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act " for further Punilliment of Vagabonds calling the mlelves Egi/ptians."

Ordered, That Mr. lEillienn Sekcydo carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their ConcuiTence.

Ordered, That Peter Michel!, Esquire, Secretary to F.alt India

the East India Company, do attend this House upon Affairs. Wednesday Morning next, when the Report which, upon Tuesday the 1 ft Day of April lair, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, is ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Johnson, Secretary to the Committee of Secrecy of the East India Company, do attend this House at the same Time.

A Bill for paving and regulating Church Lane, in Whitechapel and near the Parishes of Saint Mary, and Paving, 4c.

Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng,

Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, Corn and upon the 16th Day of, Aprillalt, was made from the ^rain.

Select Committee appointed to take into Consideratiuu an Act, made in the Twenty-tirft Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " further regulating and ascertaining the Importation

ft, " and

23 Geo. III.

437

" and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Watkin Laces, and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

OloDial The Lord Northpresented to the House, by His Ma-

Governmenu jesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences

attending the fame, from the lft of January 1783 to the lft of January 1784: And also,

Estimate of the Charges of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers in the Province of Georgia, from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to di.scharge the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of West Florida, from the 24th June 1781 to 24th June 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of Sene* gambia, from the lft January 1781 to the 24th June

1783-

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Note, The Two last mentioned Estimates were, on Account of some Alterations necessary to be made therein, withdrawn by an Order of the House of the 5th of June, and others presented.

The said other Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1783.

To an additional Salary to the Governor ——

To a Salary to the Lieutenant Governor -

To D* to the Chief Justice ——

To D’ to the Attorney General ——

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To D* to the Naval Officer -

To D* to the Regiller ——

To D* to the Surveyor of Lands, and contingent Expences attending that Establishment -

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office - -

To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood, for the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Offices

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To the Salary of the Treasurer -

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long end meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute Under Age and Infirmity -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate on the Island of Breton- - -

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties for the Support of a Lighthouse -

To Henry Monk, Esquire, Superintendent of Indian Affairs -

To an Allowance to Jonathan Bimey, Esquire, Magistrate and Superintendant at Carno -

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees upon the Receipt and Audit of Monies granted by this Estimate ——

To an Allowance upon Account for the Fees paid and to be paid to the Auditor of the Imprest, upon several Yearly Accounts of the Agent, already passed that Office, and for others now depending ——

of His Majesty’s

j£. s. d.

500-----

500-----

900-----

182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 — 321 15 — 96 12 — 52 6 —

440-----

288 15 —

200-----

384 1 5 50----

100---- —

100-----

100-----

300-----

too-----

200-----

500-----

5*943 9 5

Vol. 39.

5t estimate

4j8

J. 1783

26° Mali.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, in America, and other Incidental Expences attending the lame, from the lft of January 1783 to the ift of January 1784.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

- - - - - the Chief Justice ——

----- the Attorney General -

----- the Secretary and Register - ....

- - - - - the Surveyor of Lands ——

----- the Minister of the Church of England -

----- the King's Agent ——

----- the Qerk of the Crown and Coroner -

----- the Clerk of the Council -

----- the Naval Officer -

----- the Provost Marshal -

- - - - - a Schoolmaster ——

To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also for Stationary, Fire Wood, See. Sic. -

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Efthnate ——

£. d.

1,000----

400.----

200-----

300 — — 180-----

150-----

150-----

120-----

80-----

100-----

100-----

50-----

170-----

150-----

3ii5o----

ESTIMATE of the Chasgas of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other Incidental Charges attending the fat^f, from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783.

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

the Salary of the Governor -

- D’ - - the Chief Justice -

- D* - - the Attorney General - -

- D* - - the Secretary - -

- D* - - the Register -

- D* - - the Receiver of Quit Rents -

- D* - - the Surveyor General -

- D* - - - - D* - - - for an Assistant

- D# - - the Minister of St. Augustine -

- D* - - the Minister of St. Marks

- D* - - the Schoolmaster -

- D* - - the Provost Marshal -

- D* - - the Agent - -

- D° - - the Pilot -

an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences

£. s. d.

1,200 — — 500----

150 — _

150 -

100 — —

too -

120-----

30-----

100-----

100-----

50----

100-----

200 -

50 -

1,000 -

3,950-----

ESTIMATE

25 Geo. Ill

439

26° Mail

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers in the Province of Georgia,

from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783.

To the Salary of the Governor

To - D* - the Lieutenant Governor

To - D* - the Chief Justice -

To - D* - the Attorney General

To - D* - the Secretary -

To - D* - the Provost Marshal

To - D* - the Surveyor General

To - D* - the Receiver of Quit Rents

To - D* - the Clerk of the Assembly - -

To an Allowance to the Minister at Savannah To - D* - to the Schoolmaster To the Salary of the Agent.

£. s.

1,000 -

300----

500----

150----

100----

100----

150----

loo -

20-----

70----

50-----

200 -

To Arrear of Salary due to Lieutenant Governor Graham, being in actual Service in the Province - for the Years 1781 a#<J 1782,| 2,740 600 — —

1 £. 3.340

Ordered, That the said Efiamala* do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Duty on Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an

nU* Account of the Number and Value of the Four Sixpences on Writs, from August ad 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Deeds. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Value of the One Shilling additional Duty on Deeds, 1776, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Certificates, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an *c* Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty

of Eight Pence on Certificates and Debentures, 1779, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Bills of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Lading. Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of Four Pence on Bills of Lading, 1779, front August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Admissions to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Copyholds. Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence on Admissions to Copyholds, 1777, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Rills of Ex- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an change. Account of the Number and Value of the Duty of Three Pence and Sixpence on Bills of Exchange, from August 2d 1781 to April 30th 1783.

legacy Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Receipts. Account of the Number and Value of the Two Shillings and Six Pence on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Vol. 39-

Ordered, That there be laid before tbtt House, an Legacy Account of the Number and Value of the Five Shillings Reeeiput on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Number and Value of the Twenty Shillings on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Ot'dered, That there be laid before this House, an probates of Account of the Number and Value of the'additional Wills. Duty of Twenty Shillings on Probates of Wills, 1779, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Diligences Account of One Year’s. Duty on Diligences and Stage and stage Coaches, at One Halfpenny per Mile, from the 1 ft of Coach,s* August 1781 to the lft of August 1782.

The House being informed that Mr. Lister, from the Ditto. Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of One Year’s Duty on Diligences and Stage Coaches, at One Halfpenny per Mile, from the lft August 1781 to the \ ft August 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz*

Ay

Duty on Writs.

Deeds.

Certificates

fire.

Bills of Lading

440

26° Mali. A. 1783.

An ACCOUNT of One Year’s Duty on Diligences and Stage Coaches, at One Halfpenny per Mile,

From the lft August 1781 to the ift August 1782

- £. 26,885 2 7!

Stamp Office, London, 26th May 1783.

Will. Lister

Inspect' Gen1.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Four Sixpences on Writs, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the One Shilling additional Duty on Deeds, 1776, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number , and Value of the additional Duty of Fight Pence on Certificates and Debentures, 1779, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of Four Pence on Bills of Lading, 1779, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence on Admissions to Copyholds, 1777, from 2d 1781

to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Duty of Three Pence and Six Pence on Bills of Exchange, from August 2d 1781 to 30th 1783: And

also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Two Shillings and Six Pence on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Five Shillings on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And allb,

An Account of the Number and Value of the Twenty Shillings on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of Twenty Shillings on Probates of Wills, 1779, from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the Four 6 on Writs, from August 2d 1781 to

August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

H3,924 11,392 8 — 16,031 1,603 2 — 129,955 1 2,995 10 —

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

Am

Admissions to Copyholds.

Bills of Exchange.

Legacy

Receipts.

Probates of Wills.

S3 Geo. Ill

26* Mail. 441-

An Act COUNT of the Number and Value of the 1 s. Additional Duty on Deeds, 1776, from August 2d 1781

to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country.

263,587- £. s. d, 13>179- 7- 0. 368,994. £.S. d. 18,449- »4- 0. 632,581. £. s. d. 31,629. 1. 0.

J. Lloyd, pro CompU

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the Additional Duty of 8 d. for Certificates and Debentures,

from August 2d, 1781, to August 2d, 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country. 33,460. £. ». d. 1,115. 6. 8.

23,364. £. i. d. 778. 16. 0. 10,096. £. d. 336. 10. 8.

J. Lloyd, pro Comptf.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the Additional Duty of 4d. on Bills of Lading, 1779*

from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country.

£. s. d.; ’ . £. s. 'd. - £. s. d.

62,545. 1,042. 8. 4. 30,270. 504. 10. 0. 92,815. 1,546. 18. 4.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt-.

Vol. 39.

5 U

An

26° Mail

443

A. 1783.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the Additional Duty of 2s. on Admissions to

Copyholds, 1777, from August 2d 1781 to 2d August 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country. 20,839. £ * d. 2,344- 7- 9-

4,959- £. s. d. 557- 17- 9- 15,880. £. s. d. 1,786. 10. 0.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the Duty of 3d. and 6 on Bills of Exchange, from

August ill 1782 to the 30th of April 1783.

Number of 3 d. Value. Number of 6d. Value. Total Value.

Town - - - - and - - - - Country.

1,052,540 696,360 of d. 13,156 15 — 8,704 10 — Town. 507,718 Country. 264,428 £ d. 12,692 19 - — 6,610 14 — 25,849 14 — 15,315 4 —

1,748,900 21,861 5 — 772,146 19,303 13 ~ 41,164 18 —

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

An

23 Geo. III. 26* Mali. 443

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the 2 s6d. on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781

to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. .' Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country. 8,702. £. d. 1,087. 15- o-

2,630. £ d. 328. 15. 0. 6,072. £. d. 759. 0. 0.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the 5s. on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 178,

to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value.

Town. Country.

£. d. £. d.

1,851 1.87 462. 15. 0. 2,712. 678. 0. 0.

Total Number,

Total Value.

£>* s* (%

4,563-

1,140. 15. o.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt*.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the 20j. on Legacy Receipts, 1780, from August 2d 1781

to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. 1 Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country. 4,481. £. d. 4,481. 0. 0.

2,046. d. 2,046. 0. 0. 2,435- £. d. 2,435. 0. 0.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

Vol.

An

444

a6‘ — 2j° Mail

1'. Icftions — Preventing Bribery.

W ays and Means.

1 leciidns — I i.uidulciit Notes.

Perl*ms found willi Jioule-bre.ikltig (iiliruiiKuts.

Snpfjl).

A. 1783

Av ACCOUNT of the Number and Value of the additional Duty of 2 on Probates of Wills, 1779,

from August 2d 1781 to August 2d 1782.

Number. Value. Number. Value. Total Number. Total Value.

Town. Country. 3,502. £. d. 3,502. 0. 0.

V57- £ * d. 1,157. 0. 0. 2,345- £. t. d, 2,345- 0. 0.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt*.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Mahon, Mr. Parry, Mr. Edward James Eliot, and Mr.. William Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for House-hreaking, or ott'eniive Weapons, shall be found in the Night 'lime, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

oG

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 27° die Mali;

K '

Anno 230 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783. Praters.

THE Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an" Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces," was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Leruis was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven--night, the Gth Day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

F.le$ions,

Preventing

Bribery.

Army — Paytnafter General's Office.

Miol's Nat.

Elections —

Fraudulent

Votes.

Elections —

Attendance of

Freeholders.

Ways and Means.

23 Geo. .III. 270 Mait: 445

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 16th Day of this Instaut for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, upon the Bill for the more easy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to l'crve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 11th Day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Rel'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the same w'ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Stamp Duties now charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be laid upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is, the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other Discharge, given upon the Payment of Money amounting to Two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, every such Receipt to be charged with the said Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Four Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other Discharge, given upon the Payment of Money amounting to the Sum of Twenty Pounds and upwards, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, every such Receipt to be charged with the said Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Receipt or other Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of Vol. 39.

Twenty Pounds; and where the Amouilt shall exceed the Value of Twenty Pounds, and not amount to-One hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Eive Shillings; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of One hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings; and a like additional Stamp Duty be charged upon every further Sum of One hundred Pounds, so left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration for any Estate of or above the Value of One hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of Twenty Shillings where the Estate is of or above the Value of Three hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of Twenty Shillings where the Estate is of or above the Value of Six hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of Twenty Shillings where the Estate is of or above the Value of One thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (except Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bond shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, given as Security for any Sum of Money, the Amount whereof shall exceed One hundred Pounds; and an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of Five hundred Pounds or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Original Writ (except such Original' upon which a Writ of Capias issues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, Writ of Capias Quo Minus, Writ of Dedimus Potestatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate theft shall issue out or pass the Seals of any the Courts at Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amouflt to Forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value (Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for fuflcring Common Recoveries, and Writs of Habeas Corpus, always excepted).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Dispensation ta

5 X hold

aa,6 a 70 Mali. A. 1783.

hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of , or the Matter of the Faculties, for the Time being.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, any Admission into any of the Four Inns of Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Four Pounds be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, of the Degree of Utter Barrister, taken in any of the said Four Inns of Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Dutchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, or Exemplification of the same (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid' upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Admittance or Instrument for admitting of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers in any Court whatsoever in Great Britain (not being an Annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court whose Office is under the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, or other Perquisites).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Four Pence be laid upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Note, or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Goods or Merchandises to be exported.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Eight Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respefit of the re-shipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandizes, which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain for any Parts beyond the Seas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon ever}' Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Citation or Monition made in any Ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allegation, Deposition, Answer, Sentence, or Final Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the

k

Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or w hereupon any Copies of them respectivety shall be ingrossed or written, or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Protest, or any other Notorial Act whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be inrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines, any Writ of Entry "for fuflfering a common Recovery, and any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Beneficial Warrant or Order, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation, within Great.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Surrender of, and Admittance to, any Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estate, not being Copyhold, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass by Deed, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,. an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor within the said Parts of Great Britain (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled).

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Replication,

33 Geo. III.

37" M

447

tion, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatories, Depositions taken by Commission, or any other Pleadings whatso ever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Dutchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, totoards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any Admission into any Corporation or Company, or any Matriculation in either of the Two Uni-verlities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any principal or original Inltrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service or Cognition, of Heirs, Charter or Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any principal or original Saifme taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Conliat, Ketours, Apprizings, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any principal or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conliat of Lands or Tenements, bolding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any Charter, or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo Damus, or Charter upon apprizing or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any principal or ordinal Inltrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tithes, Mills, Fishings and other Heretable Rights, or any of them, to be made to any of His Majesty’s Subjects who are or shall be the Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates, or others, who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignations, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Six Shilling be laid upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, «r Sheet or Piece or Paper, upon which any Agreement shall be ingossed, written, or printed, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of the Contraft, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being written Instrument.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ VOL. 39.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, Ways and a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence be laid Means, upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be mgrossed or written any Inventory or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or Effects, made with Reference to any Agreement, or for the Security of any Person, except Inventories produce-able in the Ecclesiastical Courts,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed, written, or printed, any Awards

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Four-Wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called a Diligence, or Poll Coach, and every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalli with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or other Machine, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as Public Stage Coaches, or Carriages for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and firoiti one Place to another in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional Duty of One Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Three Pence be charged upon the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in any Parish Register in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Clauses contained in all or any Acts or Act of Parliament, passed before the Fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, by which any Mortgage, Asignment, Transfer, or other Security for borrowing Money, or any Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Trustee or Trustees for putting all or any such Afits in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, relating to the Execution of such Acts, respectively, are exempted from Stamp Duties (except so much of such Clauses as relate to any Instruments-, Documents, and other Writings whatsoever concerning the Public Revenue or Public Funds, which at present are not liable to the Payment of Stamp Duties) be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, all Persons (except such Persons who have served a regular Apprenticeship to any Surgeon, Apothecary, Druggist, or Chymist) uttering or vending Medicines in Great Britain, be obliged to take out a Licence Annually lor that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be charged upon every such Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, of Medicines, under the Value of Two Shillings and Six Pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by Persons taking out such'Licences, or by any Person under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, of Medicines, of / the

Officers

Widows.

Per foil to attend.

Pains, &c. on Rumbold and Perring.

448 27° — 28° Maii. 1783.

the Value of Two Shillings and Six Pence, and under the Value of Five Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, of Medicines, of the Value of Five Shillings, and upwards, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with Three or Four Wheels (except such Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise) shall yield and pay Annually the Sum of Four Shillings for a Licence for that purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels (except such Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise) shall yield and pay Annually the Sum of Two Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

The Forty-two first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- agreed to by the House.

The Forty-third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for (he Yeas, {»; . } 47-

Tellers for the Noes, } -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mifde-meanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coall of Cot'omandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold produced further Evidence in his Defence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the persons found whole House, to whom the Bill for Punishment of idle with House-and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for breaking Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in 1 nimeat!‘ the Night-time, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Maii;

Anno 23° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

DESOL VED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjournment, of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning

next.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and St. Martin lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Fields the Liberty of Westminster, and such Part of Great Pav,n6' Drury Lane as lies within the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Orders and Rules established by His Majesty, lor the Government of the Corporation of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Morton, First Clerk to the Secretary of the East India Company, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, when the Report which, upon Tuesday the ill Day of April last, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, is ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Bayntun’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An '

Act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew Esquire, with Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Penruddock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to [report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Boil ft one inclosure.

Coals used in Anglesey Mines.

Corn and Crain.

23 Geo. III. a8" — 30 449

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords,-and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the IHe of Anglesey, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Per-lbns concerned in the Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall, were lurther heard, and examined

several other Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of June next

Mr. Dempster reported from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Vox.. 39.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act foi* fortlier regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn " and Grain within several Ports and Places therein " mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House; and who were instructed to consider of so much of His Majesty s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Scarcity and high Price of Corn, and to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Persons found the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to with House-whom the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly breaking Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or instrumenU-offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night-time, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Maii;

Anno 23* Georgii 1X1*" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

"DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjournment of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for cancelling, on the Terms Hexham therein mentioned, certain Articles and a Bond entered Bridge, into by Henry Farrington, Esquire, conditioned to build

a Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, with Roads and other Works thereto, and to uphold the same for a limited Time, be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr; Eames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland — for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary Regulating and Circuit Courts in Scotland;without any Amend- Justic, ary ment: And also. to"r"-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds and Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act, Liverpool passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George Canal*

5 Y the

Birmingham Four, &c.

Duke of Norfolk's Estates.

Com and Grain.

Bayntun's

Divorce#

450

30° Mali. 1783.

the First, for making the River Douglas, alias navigable from the River Ribble to , in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act; for incorporating and consolidating the said Two Navigations; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parishj without anyAmendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant Building or Repairing Leaies of certain Tenements, Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the county of ; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and " Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports w and Places therein mentioned and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Penruddock, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dif-solve the Marriage of Andrew Esquire, with

Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 8. Leave out ti One" and insert

" Two "

1. 22. Leave out tt One " and insert

" Two "

Pr. *3- 1. 4* Leave out tt One" and insert

I. 11. " Two " Leave out ti One" and insert

" Two "

1. 31* Leave out it One" and insert

" Two"

Pr. M- 1. 6. Leave out it One" and insert

1. »3- " Two " Leave out tt One" and insert

" Two "

1. 24. Leave out tt One " and insert

" Two "

1. 33. Leave out tt One " and insert

" Two "

Pr. 15. L 1. Leave out tt One" and insert

" Two "

1. 13. Leave out " One " and insert " Two."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Miol’s Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. 1Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Ways and mitttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Forty-six thousand Seven hundred Sixty-seven Pounds and Five Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Dif-position of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Com and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Grain. House, to consider of the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to -them, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Kilbourne of Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George Bridge, &c. the First, and the Eighth Year of King George the R«ui». Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road', and also of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that no additional Toll shall be taken at the Gate between Saint Giles’s Pound and Kensington Gravel Pits.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 12. 1. 34. After " every" to insert " Horse " drawing or"

1- 39-

23 Geo. III. 30° Mail 451

1. 39- To leave out " and drawn by Four " Horses"

Pr. 13. 1. 1. To leave out " Eight" and- insert " Two" instead thereof.

1. 2. To leave out " Six " and insert " Three Half" instead thereof.

1. 3- After " every " to insert " Horse . " drawing"

1. 6. To leave out from " thereof" to " not" in 1. 7.

1. 8. To leave out " Eight" and insert " Three Half" instead thereof.

1. 10. To leave out " Six Pence " and insert " One Penny " instead thereof; and after "every" to insert " drawing a "

1. 4- To leave out " and drawn by Eight " Horses " and insert " not laden " with Hay or Straw " instead thereof.

1. 15. To leave out " Eight Pence" and insert " One Penny " instead thereof

1. 17. To leave out " Six Pence" and in-

fert One Half Penny " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Hoad from Saint Giles's Pound

to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford; and also of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, tp enablp the respective. Trustees of the Tprnpike Roads leading to tiighgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackzcorth do carry the Bill to, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens r from the Commissioners for executing Navy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Officer* presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Widow*

An Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy entitled to the Wage's and Victuals of the Widows Meo, distinguishing the Clafies to which they belong; together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Class, from the Year 1772 to the,. Year 1782, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application' thereof:

And alfe,

A Copy of the Orders and Rules established by His Majesty, for the Government of the Corporation of the Charity foil the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

And the Titles of the said Account and Copy were read.

The said Account and Copy are as followeth; viz.

Admiralty Office, 30th May 1783.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to which they belong; together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Clals, from the Year 1772 to the Year 1782, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the respective Sums that hare been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof.

Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons,

dated the 12th May 1783.

NUMBER OF WIDOWS.

/ RANK. Number. A Total Number of each Class*

Captain m m . 78 78

Lieutenant - - - m - 1871

Master - - m - - >50 j ► 337

Boatswain - . m - - 198'

Gunner - - - - 181

Carpenter - - - 171 i

Purser - 108 724

Surgeon - - - m - 57

Second Master - - - m - - 9J

1 Total - - - M39

An

Navy

Officers

Widows.

452 30* Maii. A. 1783.

An ACCOUNT of Money paid to each Widow of the Clades under-mentioned, from the Year 1772 to

the Year 1782, distinguishing each Year,

YEARS. Captains. Lieutenants and Matters. Boatswains Gunners SfC. tfc.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

177* 18 18 — 12 12 — 8 8 —

1773 20 14 — *3 *6 — 9 4 —

1774 25 4 — 16 16 — 114 —

1775 23 17 — 15 *8 — 10 12 —

1776 ---- 2t 10 — *5 10 *

1777 22 19 — 15 6 — 10 4 —

1778 34 *3 — 10 I. to 1 15 8 —

*779 45 30 20

1780 45 30 20

1781 45 30 20

1782 ---- 45 30 20

An ACCOUNT of the respefitive Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application

thereof, in the Years under mentioned.

YEARS. Sums Annually reserved. Application of the Sums reserved.

1772 - - - d. 244 4* Carried to the Amount of Money received in the

1773 - - - 348 *7 31 succeeding Year. D*

1774 - - - 194 14 9* D*

*775 - - 247 7 5* D*

w* 1 1 l 231 6 4* D*

*777 - - - 389 6 if D*

1778 - - - 505 15 lit D*

*779 ' - - 506 16 6| D*

1780 - - - 3.597 3 D*

1781 - - - 8,517 *3 7 8,000l. laid out in the Purchase of 13,973/. 16&

1782 - - - 4,651 — 11 Three per Cent. Bank Annuities for the Benefit of the Widows; the Remainder carried to the Amount of Money received in the succeeding Year. To be applied towards paying the Pension for the

Year 1783.

Copy of Orders and Rules established by His Majesty, for the Government of the Corporation of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

Article 1.

That Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy shall be reputed proper Objects of the Charity, whose Annual Incomes, arising from their Real and Personal Estates, or otherwise, do not amount to the following Sums; viz.

£ s.

The Widow of a Captain or Commander 45 ——

The Widow of a Lieutenant or Mailer - 30-----

The Widow of a Boatswain, Gunner,

Carpenter, Purser, Surgeon, Second

Master

su GeO. III. 30 9 Mail.453

Master of a Yacht, or Master of a £ s.

Naval Vessel, warranted by the Navy

Board - - - -20----

Ancl that where any such Widow is possessed of, or interested in, any Sum of Money, the Annual Income and Produce thereof shall be computed and deemed as Annually yielding; Three Pounds per Centum, and no more. , .

<’ - - '

’ '* ’ 2.

That to avoid Partiality and Favour in the Distribution of the Charity, Widows of Officers of the same Rank shall have an equal Allowance, the Proportion of which shall be fixed Annually by the Court of Assistants, according to their Discretion; and that, in order thereunto, the said Court may distribute Annually such Part of the Monies arising by the said Charity among the Widows, as they think proper; and to lay out such other Part thereof in South Sea Annuities, or. other Government Securities, as to them shall seem meet, for raising a Capital Stock for the general Benefit of the Charity, where the Application is not particularly directed by the Donors.

1 3-

That in the Distribution of Allowances to poor Widows, the same be proportionate to one another, with respect to the Sum each is to receive, according to the following Division; viz.

Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers Navy Officer* of the Royal Navy, that died on the Widow*.

and has left

the Bearer C. B. a Widow; and (according to the best Information we can get from others, and do really believe ourselves) is not possessed of a. clear Annual Income to the Value of: And therefore (he appears to ys to be entitled to the Benefit of the said Charity, under their Direction.

Besides which, the Widow is to make Affidavit that her Annual Income is not better than is expressed in the said Certificate; and that she was legally married (naming the Time, when and the Place where) to the Officer in whose Right the claims the Benefit of the Charity.

8.

That if the Widow resides in any other Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, a Certificate of the like Nature is to be signed by the Minister of the Parish, a Justice of the Peace, and Two or more Officers of the Navy, who are best acquainted with her Circumstances; and (he is to make such Affidavit as is before mentioned.

.9-

That all Widows applying for the Benefit of the Charity are to make Affidavit that they are unmarried.

The Widow of a Captain or Commander shall receive a Sum One Third more than the Widow of a Lieutenant or Master.

The Widow of a Lieutenant or Master shall receive a Sum One Third more than the Widow of a Boatswain, Gunner, Carpenter, Purser, Surgeon, Second Master of a Yacht, or Master of a Naval Velltl, warranted by the Navy Board.

4-

That Widows admitted to an Annual Allowance from the Charity, shall begin to enjoy it from the l irst Day of the Month following the Decease of their Husbands, provided they apply within Twelve Months for the fame; other wise, from the Time of their Application.

5-

That if any Widow admitted to the Charity marries again, her Allowance from thenceforth shall cease.

6.

That, in order to prevent Abuses, no Widow shall -be admitted to the Benefit of the Charity who has not been married for the Space of Twelve Months to the Officer by whose Right she claims the fame, unless the said Officer was killed or drowned in the Sea Service; and if any Officer marries after the Age of Seventy Years, his Widow shall be deemed unqualified to receive the Charity.

7-

That if the Widow of an Officer lives in the Neighbourhood of any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, the Commissioners of the Navy residing the re, and some of the principal Officers of the Yard, or the said Officers of the Yard where there is no Commissioner, shall inform themselves thoroughly of the Circumstances of the deceased; and being satisfied that the Widow comes within the Rules of the Charity, shall sign and give her the following Certificate gratis; viz.

These are to certify the Court Of Assistants for managing the Charity for Relief of poor Vol. 59.

1°.

That Widows admitted to the Charity shall, Once in every Year, at the Time that shall he appointed, bring to the Court of Assistants their Affidavits, containing a particular State of their Circumstances, and that they continue unmarried.

n.

That Widows of Masters and Surgeons are to apply to the Navy Office, and receive from thence a Certificate of the Quality of their Husbands in the Navy, which shall be given them gratis, before they apply to the Court of Assistants to be admitted to the Charity.

12.

That no Officer or Servant employed in the Business or Service of this Charity, shall receive any Salary,

Reward, or other Gratuity, for his Pains or Service in the Affairs of the said Charity; but that the whole Business thereof shall be transafited gratis.

Ordered, That the said Account and Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the persona fonn<i Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for with House-Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom breaking Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, Instrun, eot* shall be found in the Night Time, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections Elections — of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second preventing Time. .7 Bribery.

Resobed, That the Bill be committed.

5 Z Resolved,

454 Maii. — tf Junii. A. 1783.

Elections — Bribery und ' Expeace.

Army--

Paymaster

General’s

Office*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of this Inliant May, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon JUo>:day next, at Twelve of the Clock, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House. according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of " the Office of Paymaster General of llis Majesty’s Forces," was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Act shall not prevent the Paymaster General from issuing to Agents, in Monthly Payments, the Allowances in lieu of the Subsistence of Warrant Men.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for issuing the Allowances to Colonels and Commanders for Subsistence of Warrapt Men, and adding it to their Pay.

And the said Clause was. Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That Abolifliino His Majesty’s Ministers ought not to grant, or advise certuinoikces tire granting of* any Patent Offices in the Customs in of the Cul* Possession or Reversion, otherwise than during Pleasure* °ms* between this Time and the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament *

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Pains, &c. on further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting Rumbold and certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, i>erring* Baronet and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches

of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold proceeded further in their Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in his Defence, and closed their Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Wars and ing next, resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That-this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then, the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lutub, 2° die Junii;

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

of Brass. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of authorizing, the Commissioners of the Customs to cause Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported within a limited Time, to be sold.

Aboliftiing The House was moved. That the Order, made upon rerun, the 21st Day of this Instant, A/ay, for the House to re-toms! " f°*ve into a Committee of the whole House upeft Monday new, upon the Bill for vacating certain Graqfs, and for abolishing various obfolele ana ufelefe Offipes, in the Customs; for giving an adequate Compensation to the Grantees thereof, both in Possession and Rever-lion; and for abolishing Fees, for the Ease of Merchants and Traders: and fos regulating the Bufinefe and Salaries of the Officers; and for the further Improvement of the said Revenue,- might be read.

Anpo, 23* Georgii IIIti! Regis, 1783.

Praters.

\ N ingossed Bill! from the Lords, intituled, An Act BaynWs Em. to dissolve the Marriage of Andrea) Bayntun, Ef- Divorce, quire* with Lady . Maria Coventryrhis- now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That1 Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that , this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire, the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomlyns, from Coal Duty at the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at thej Amlwch. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,-

An

23 Geo. III. 2° Juriii.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid in the Port of Amlwch, for Coals, for the last Three Years* distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the house.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Copper Coin. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Circulation of Counterfeit Halfpence hath increased to a Degree greatly prejudicial to Trade, and oppressive to the Poor, a Traffick being carried on between many Towns, particularly the said Borough and the Metropolis, for the sole Purpose of promoting such Circulation; and that the Laws already in Force to prevent the making or circulating Counterfeit Copper Coin have been found unequal to remedy this Grievance: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and that speedy and effectual Measures may be adopted for Redress of an Evil not less rapid in its Progress, than injurious in its Consequences, to the Public in general, and to the Inhabitants of the said Borough in particular.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sharrow’s proeeis for Celling

Ricking*

A

Mr. Stanley reported front the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Slut now and Company, of Dundalk, in the County of Lou th, and Kingdom of Ireland, Linen Manufacturers, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the ClerkV Table: Where the same was read; and is as iolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, your Committee examined Mr. Sharrow himself, who, by his said Petition, states. That he has discovered and brought to Perfection a Process for making useful Cotton of Refule Flax; and that he is willing to dilclofe the whole Method of preparing it, lb that the same may become of general Use in the Cotton Manufactories, on receiving such Satisfaction to himself and Company for their Labour and Application, and the Expence they have incurred in prosecuting these Experiments, as this House shall judge adequate. — And he produced to your Committee several Samples of the Refule Flax,- called Hirds and Backings, and of the factitious Cotton produced from it, which he said had been made by him by the Process he had invented and brought to Perfection. — . He also said. That several Attempts have, from Time. to Time, and at different Places, been made to produce Cotton similar to his, from the same Material, without Success — That the Material costs from One Penny to Three Halfpence per Pound. — And being asked. Whether he would undertake to find Sureties for his making Fifty Tons of Cotton a Year, for Seven Years, like that he produced to your Committee, and of which he had before given in a Sample to the Committee of Trade at Manchester, at a Price not exceeding Six Pence per Pound ? he said, He w'ould give Security for lb doing as long as the raw Material shall not exceed in Price Three Halfpence per Pound; and that, if such raw Material should rife in Price, he would engage to make the Fifty Tons a Year, for the above-mentioned Term, at a Rate bearing the fair Proportion, according to' his present Proposal of Four Pence Halfpenny per Pound for the Charge of manufacturing.

He then produced to your Committee, Pieces of Vol. 39.

Stripes, Cheques, and Fustians, made by Mr. Birch, a very principal Manufacturer at Manchester; all of which were wholly, or in Part, of the factitious Cotton made by Mr. Sharrow; who, being further examined, said,

That the Sorts of Goods then produced were heretofore made with the Tin'keyCotton, the average Price of which is about One Shilling per Pound — That the Cotton

he makes will also be a complete Substitute for the real Cotton in Wicks for Candles, and most, if not all, other Articles in which the latter is now used.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Peter Drink-water, a principal Manufacturer, and One of the Committee of Trade, at Manchester; who, being desired to inspect the several Samples and Specimens produced by Mr. Sharrow, laid, He thought the Use of the factitious Cotton made by Mr. Sharrow's Process, will be very beneficial to the Cotton and Liuen Manufacturers of the Kingdom, as it will in general be a very good Substitute for Turkey Cotton in all low-priced Goods.

— Being (lttiin a Piece of dyed Fultiaii, One Part of which w as made of real Turkey, and the other of Mr.

Sharrow & factitious Cotton, and asked if he could distinguish one Part from the other? he, after examining it, said, He could not engage so to do. — -And being1 asked, Whether the factitious Cotton will take a good Dye ? he said, It was capable of receiving a richer Dye than Linen, and altogether as good, in all common Articles, as real Cotton will. — And he concluded with saying, That, on the Whole, be was of Opinion, that the making of Mr. Sharrow's Discovery public will be

productive of considerable Advantage to the Linen and Cotton Manufactures of the Kingdom, in many material Points.

Your Committee- then examined Mr. Thomas , a Tallow Chandler in Holborn, who produced some Candles, which he laid he made the Night before with Wicks of Mr. Sharrow's factitious Cotton — That he had tried them against some Candles, made at the same Time, with Wicks of real Turkey Cotton; and was of Opinion, the Wick made with factitious Cotton was equally as good as the other — That a small Part of the Candle Wicks used in England is imported from Turkey in Yarn; but that the Generality of the Article is imported raw, and spun here — That, if the factitious Cotton can be produced for Six Pence per Pound, Candle Wicks may be made of it for Fourteen Pence per Pound — That the Price of Candle Wick' Yarn has not been less than.

Two Shillings per Pound for Ten Years past; and that during the War it was as high as Three Shillings.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. William Pitt presented to the House, according Regulating to Order, a Bill for preventing Abides, and establish- Offices of the ing certain Regulations in the several Offices of the Treasury.*c* Treasury, Admiralty, Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other' Offices therein mentioned: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ac- Fee*, &c. of counts of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received PublicOffict* and taken by any Person or Persons, in the following Offices and Departments, viz. the Admiralty Office, the Office of Ordnance, the War Office, the Office of Comptroller of the Ahny Accounts, the Navy Office, the Navy Pay Office, the Victualling Office, the Sick and Hurt Office, the Custom House, the Excise Office, the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenues, the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, the Office for Taxes, the Stamps . Office, the Salt Office, the Post Office, the Hawkers and-Pedlars Office* and the Hackney Coach Office.

Ordered,

Fees on Patiports.

456 2° Jun . 1783,

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Accounts of the annual incidental Charges incurred in each of the said Offices.

Oi acred, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Establishments of the said Offices as they stood at JUiAiutlinas 1782, shewing the Numbers of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Fees received on Passports given to any Ships, from the 30th of November 1782, at the Office of the Secretaries of State, or any other Office, the Quantity of the fame, and the Distribution thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters applying for Redress, or complaining of the said Fees taken at the Office of the Secretaries of State, or any other Office.

Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumh Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for adjourning the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill till Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dii'charged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant

Regulating Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Abuses, and Offices of the establishing certain Regulations, in the several Offices of lreafury,&c. the Treasury, Admiralty, Ordnauce, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other Offices therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to

Stump Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-

Duties. second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtsolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pains, Sic.on A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Kumbold and posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide Perring. that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumhold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint , on the Coast of

Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to punish " Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for " Crimes by them committed in the Plantations," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumhold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of F Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament: And that the Lord Advocate of , Sir George

llosard, and Sir Adam Fergusson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence taken at the Bar of this House, and of the Proceedings of the House, on the Second Reading of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and

O

03

The House, according to Order, rtfolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sau bridge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker-resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sau bridge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Elections — Preventing Bribery.

Persons found with Housebreaking In-itruments.

Exportation of Brass.

Ways and Means,

Supply.

Adjournment.

Winchester, See. Road.

Fenchurch

Street,

London.

Wale's, Arc. NaU

Hundred of Kynwardflon

23 Geo. III. 3*

457

Martis, 3* die Junii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

JDESOL VED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in the said Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments in the said Parishes of Great and Burbage, in the said County of Wilts, and for

settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered \That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Thomson: A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in His Majesty’s Debtor*

Mr. Speaker, Gaol for the County of , was presented to the 1>etltion-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paired praying Relief.

in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, OrThat the said Petition do lie upon the for altering, widening, and amending the Road from Table, the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy

Coxa Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to The House was moved, That the Order made upon Coals used

Newtown River’, and also the Road from Worthy Caw Wednesday last, for adjourning the further Hearing of Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turn- Counsel upon the Report from the Committee of the lne8‘ pike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton; whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback without any Amendment: And also, of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water Act for widening the North West End of Fenchurch out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within Anglesey, was committed, till Thursday next, might be the City of London’, without any Amendment: And read.

also, And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. naturalizing Margaretta Phillippina Wale and Mary OrThat the further Hearing of Counsel upon Pemberton; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Three of tins House. Months.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Time. Thomson:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Bayntun’*

A Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion in by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve Divorce.

Fee of and in the Hundred of Kynwardston, in the the Marriage of Andrew Esquire, with Lady

County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Ap- Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him

purtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of tioned.

Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the said County, And then the Messengers withdrew,

expectant on certain Estates Tail, and for veiling the fame in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the Ordered, That Sir Wray do make the Repfrrt St. James, same may be* barred by proper Methods in Law for from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better pav- Westminster, the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second ing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James, *vlnS' Time. within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee committed,

of the whole House. Sir Cedi Wray accordingly, reported from the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Committee, That the Committee had considered the Sevennight, the 11th Day of this Instant June, resolve Petition of the several Persons whole Names afe there-itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the unto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, said Bill. Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants of the Parish of

A Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke was presented Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster; and to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Bill; and Setting forth. That, since the Petitioner made Houses and Estates in the Parish of Saint James, within Application to the House for the fame, he hath been the Liberty of Westminster, referred to their Considera-advised, that, instead of veiling the Reversion in Fee tion; and had examined the Allegations of the- Bill, and of and in the said Hundred, Lands, and Premises, in found the same to be true; and that the Committee had certain other Persons, in the Manner proposed by his gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments former Petition, it would be more proper for the Fee thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the Simple and Inheritance of the said Hundred, Lands, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and and Premises, to be vested in the Petitioner and his afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Heirs, and for him to settle other Estates of equal or in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was

greater Value in lieu thereof, to the same Uses as read.

the said Hundred, Lands, and Premises, are now And the Amendments made by the Committee to settled: And therefore praying, That Leave may be the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 6,1. 7, given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the his Heirs, and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Inheritance of the said Hundred of Kynwardston, House.

Vol. 39. 6 A The

Supply Bill;

Stamp

Duties.

Pains, &c. on Rumbold and Perring.

Rumbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

458 3° JmU, A. 1783.

The Amendrhdnt in Fo. 6, I. 7, which to fill the Blank with " Twelve," being read at Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the feud Amendment;

The House divided.

The &oes Went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas.l"; } 37'

Teller, for UreNoes,{||; $£T*’} 4a.

So it pdfled in the Negative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (U) being severally read a Second lime, upon the Qtfefrion severally put thereupon, fbme of them were difegreed toy and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Clause (U) the next Amendment rtafde by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes Went forth.

Teller, for Ore Y«,{J£ } 69.

rp 11 /» .1 vr /Sir William Dolbcri^ 1 0 n

Teller, for the Noe.,|the LordJy.OT4(ro^ . ] 39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, , That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory ana other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts ;. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties On Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " Att Act for " continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Bdrbhet, " and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this

" Kingdom for a limited Time, and for discovering " their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the feme," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Amendments: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Sir Adam Fergussoti, and Sir George Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, A» Act Duke of to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tenements, ate*‘

Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elections — the further Prevention of Expence in Elections of Preventing Members to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Expence* Mahon and Mr. Edward James Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Army-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act P*yma^er " for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster office. *

" General of His Majesty’s Forces," was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for changing the Mode Of Payment of the Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office, from Fees to certain Salaries.

And the said Clause was read die First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telia, for the Yeas,{ PnGa^Ionge: } 75'

Teller, for foe Noe., {M; . } .03.

So it passed in the Negative. f

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That all Fees paid at the Office of the Paymaster General, between certain Periods, shall be deposited in the Hands of the Cashier, or other Person, to form a Fiihd for an Augmentation to the Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks, and Servants, for their Services during the said Periods.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks;

Which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 31. To leave out " Colonel or."

1. 37. After " to " to insert " his Colonel,

" if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resoloed, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of die Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty s Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act, iiiade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, a An

a3-GBa.ni. 3 " — '5

" An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces."

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , -x

The Orders of the Day being reed j Com and Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-Grain. ing next, resolve itself into- a- Committee of the whole House, to confnler of the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Im-" portation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

P*rfons found Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the break in0"1'* "hole House, to whom the Bill for Punishment of idle I aft rum* nt*. an<i disorderly Perflbns, upon whom. Implements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, fbatl' be found inr the Night Time, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Exportation Resolved, That this House wall, upon Thursday Mora-Brafi- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Moming next. Ten o the Clock.

Jovisy 5° die Junii;

Anno 23* Georg* 111*"' Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Whit*chapel "\ TR. Bung reported from the Committee, to whom Paving, Ac. JLVA the Bill for paiving and regulating

and near the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, and preventing An-

noyances therein, and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the I^rHh Church, was committed; That the Committee had

'Jmi. 459

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered (He Bill1, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then- a Second Tima One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bid, with- the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army leant to their Address to His Majesty; Estimate*.

Estimate of the Charge of Guards; Garrifoos, and other His Majesty’s Land1 Forces in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th Decembet fMtewing, both in-dufive, being >83 Days And1 also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being <83 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His> Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including thofo in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 183 Days, from 25th. June 1,78-3. *0 24th December following, both, inclusive,

Mr. Secretary at Waraifo presented to, the House, by His Maje%’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Hja Mmefty’s Forces serving Abroad, exceeding the proposed Establishment, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to the Commissioned Officers reduced with the 9th and 10th. Companies of several Regiments of Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Eight Battalions of Foot, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in North America, from 25th April 1783.

And the Titles of the fifid Estimates werq read.

The laid Estimates are a» followed);

Voi.

ESTIMATE

A. 1783.

59 Junii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 183 Days.

Untie.

'First Troop of Life Guards Second D* -

Full Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D° -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards -Second D* ——

Third D° ——

Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons -Lieut General t -

Dragoons. { Lord Southampton's - -

Lieut General Carpenters -Lieut General Johnstone's -

Sir Henry Clinton's,k-Lieut. General Pitt’s -. Lieut General Johnstone's -

light fSir George Augustus Eliott's -

Dragoons. (Major General Harcourt's.

r First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment D°

Third Regiment D" -

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, of Foot, ift Battalion -

Sir William Boothby's Regiment Lord Say and Sele's General Murray's Lieut General Fawcett's Foot I Lieut General Robertson's Sir John Sebright's Major General Lieut General Lieut General Tayler's -Lieut. General Vaughan's Sir Guy Carleton's -Sir Thomas Wilson's Earl of Eglintoune's Lieut General Morris's -. Major General Matthew's

... f Lieut General Wren’s Regiment

(Thirty-six Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Total

War Office, 5th June 1783.

Numbers.

181

l8l

177

176

3^9

345

231

231

231

231

232 231 231 231 231 231

231

231

1,649

1.058

1.058

471

471

471

47»

471

471

47*

471

47»

471

471

47*

47*

47*

47*

47*

410

1,620

1,034

2,656

I mm

462

11,301

2,030

17,483

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 183 Days.

8.826

8.826 5,450

5,386

13,063

s.

14

14

7

6

3

9,464

6.466

6.466

6.466

6.466 6,488

6.466

6.466

6.466

6.466

6.466

18 3

17 6

6.466 -

6.466 -

23,053 8 6

14,920 12 — 14,948 1 —

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5,*46

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

5.046

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

4,351 11 9 15,454 7 —

16,148.14 3 10,028----

TOTAL

- £

£. s.

41,553 4 —

74,147 *5 9

12,932 —

133,661 13 6 19,805 18 9

26,176 14 3

308,277 6 3

R. Fitz Patrick.

ESTIMATE

23 Geo. III.

5° Junii. 461

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th June Army

1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive; being 183 Days. Estimate*.

General and General Staff Officers

Charge for 183 Days.

£. s. d.

8,131 13 8

War Office, 5th June 1783.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 183 Days, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive.’

Numbers. Pay for 183 Days. TOTAL.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

Lieut. General Style's Regiment of Foot m A 471 - - 5,046 4 6 .

Lieut. General Prescott's - - - - 47» - - 5,101 2 6

Lieut. General Armstrong's - - - 471 - 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Cunynghame's - ' 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Morrison's - - - - 471 - 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Grceme's - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Major General O'Hara's - - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6,

Sir William Howe's - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6 #

Lieut. General Massey's - - - - 4Tt - - 5,046 4 6

Sir Charles Grey’s - 471 - 5,046 4 6

Lieut General Evelyn's - - - - 47» - - 5,046 4 6

General Parslow’s - - - - 471 - 5,046 4 6

Lieut General Clarke's - - - _ 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Earl Cornwallis's - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Lord Frederick Catxfidish's - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6 ]

Lieut. General Campbell Fletcher's - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Sir Eyre Coote's - - m - - 47» - - 5,046 4 6

Sir Robert Pigott's - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Sir Robert HaiittHoris - - - m 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Lord John Murray's iff Battalion - - - 47 > - m 5,046 4 6

General Cary's Regiment - - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Raitixford's - - 471 - . 5,046 4 6

Lieut General Elphinstonds - - - 471 - - 5,046 4 6

Lieut General Frederick's - - - - 47 > - - 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Grant's - - 47> . 5,046 4 6

Major General Campbell's - - - 47i m 5,046 4 6

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - - - 943 - 10,220 11 — '

Major General Leslie'sRegiment - - m 471 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Pomeroy's - - - 47» - - 5,046 4 6

' 14,131 151,569 15 —

Garrifoa* of Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, Halifax,

Placentia, St. John's in Newfoundland, Louifbourg,

St. John’s Island, Providence, and Bermudas - - - 2,368 6 6

Garrisons in The Grenades, St. Vincent, and Dominica l,ll6 6 —

Officers serving with the Forces in North America 16,320 11 -T-

GIBRALTAR:

Major General Picton’s Regiment - m - 471 - 5,046 4 6

Lord George Lennox's - m - 471 5,046 4 6

Lieut General Boyd's - - - 471 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General' WalsKs - - - 47» 5,046 4 6

Lieut. General Baugh's - - . - 471 . 5,046 4 6

Sir David Lindsay's - - m - 47-1 - 5,046 4 6

2,826 30,277 7 —

Officers of the Garrison, &c. i,83o 6 6

Contingencies upon Account for the Forces 2,010 — —

Total - - - m m 16,957 £. 205,542 12

War Office, r

5th June 1783. R. Fiiz Patrick.

Vol. 39. 6 B ESTIMATE

A. 1783

Army

Emanates*

4 62

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving Abroad, exceeding the proposed Establishment, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

General Gage's Regiment of Light Dragoons

Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers

Royal American Regiment, 3d Battalion

---- D0---- 4th Battalion

Lieutenant General Sherrarefs

Lieutenant General Tryon's

Major General Stirling's

Colonel John Campbell's -

Colonel M'Donnell's

Lieutenant General Hall's

Colonel Leland's -

Colonel Gunning's -

Royal Highland Emigrants, 2 Battalions Colonel Gardiner's -

Captain Commandant Wall's Corps -Two Independent Companies of Foot -Major General Ross's -

Lord M(Lead's Regiment, 2d Battalion Earl of Suffolk's Regiment -

Total

War Office,

5th June 1783.

Numbers. Pay for 183 Days. TOTAL.

426 _ £. 9,336 s. d. 1 — £. s. d.

475 - 4,099 4 —

4*1 - 5,393 18 6

443 - 5,540 6 6

670 - 6,79 2 7 —

653 - 6,501 1 6

857 - CO Ctk > — OO 13 —

788 - - 8,363 2 —

829 - 8,550 13 6

580 - 7,493 17 — i

820 m 8,724 10 6

898 - 9,081 7 6

1,089 - 12,242 14 —

759 - 7,446 11 6 t

182 - 1,948 19 —

138 - 1,369 9 —

916 - - ' 9,259 16 —

957 - - 9,241 10 —

658 - 6,984 10 —

- 12,549 - - £ 136,888 11 6

R. Fitz Patrick.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to the Commissioned Officers reduced with the 9th and 1 oth Companies of several Regiments of Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24 th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Per Diem. For 183 Days.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

48 Captains - - - - at 10 s.each - - 24 4,392

50 Lieutenants - - - at 4 s.8 d.each n 13 4 2,i35

48 Ensigns - - - - at 3 s.8 d.each 8 16 — 1,610 8 —

149 Total - - - £ 44 9 4 8,137 8 —

War Office,

.3th June 1783. R. Fitz Patrick.

ESTIMATE

23 Geo. Ill

5° Junii.

463

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Eight Battalions of Foot, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December

following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Army

Eftmiates.

Numbers. Pay per Annum. TOTAL.

£. d. £. d.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, 2d Battalion 471 - 9,809 7 6

Lieut. Central Jones's Regiment ----- 471 - 10,064 17 6

Sir Robert Murray Keith's - - - 471 - 10,064 17 6

Sir William Erskine's ----- 471 - 10,064 17 6

Lieut. General Haviland's- - 471 - 10,064 17 6

Lieut. General Sketie's ---- 471 - 10,064 17 6

2,826 60,133 15 —

N.B. The above Six Battalions are intended to be

sent from Great Britain to Ireland.

Earl of Harrington's Regiment - - - 47t - 10,064 17 6

General Lambtons Regiment - - - 47i - 10,064 17 6

942 — 20,129 15 —

N. B. The Two Regiments above-mentioned are, for the present, to replace Two other Regiments, whol'e

Charge, agreeable to Act of Parliament, is borne by the East India Company; viA. the 36th and 52c!

Regiments.

Total - - 3.768 80,263 10 —

Which, for 183 Days, from 25th June 1783 to 24th

December following, both inclusive, amounts to - - - - £. 40,241 14 —

Which for 122 Days, from 25th 1783 to 24th October

following, amounts to ---- 26,827 16 —

War-Office, 5th June 1783.

Vo l. S9.

ESTIMATE

4$4 5 ° Junii.A. 1783.

Army ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in Norik Jmrica, from 25th April 1783.

Eli mutes.

Numbers. For 365 Days.

Lieutenant Colonel Pringles Corps of Foot ---- 353 £. *- d. 6,223 5 —

Lieutenant Colquel Simcoe'sCorps of Cavalry and Foot - 784 23.763 — 5

Lieutenant Colunel Tarletons Corps of Cavalry - - - 303 14,840 5 10

Lieutenant Colonel Donkins Corps of Foot ---- 1,146 20,002 — —

Colonel Fanning's Regiment - -- 485 10,965 4 2

Total - - - 3.071 75,793 15 5

Which, for 122 Days, -from 25th April 1783 to 24th August following, both inclusive, amounts to- - - £. 25,333 16 2

Which, for 183 Days, from 25th April 1783 ito 24th October following, both incfofive, amounts to---- -£ 38,000 14 3

War Office,

5th June 1783. Patrick.

Ordered, That foe said Efti mates do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Shftwfoury &ir Charlton Leighton reported fron^ the Committee, Small Debts, to whom foe Bill for foe more eaf'y and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town^md Liberties of

bury, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resobed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

johnby Mr. Abraham Rauiinson reported from the Com-

Incloi'ure. mittee, to whom the Bill to establish an Agreement for

extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; that with respect to the Standing Order of the 14th Day of March 1781, relating to public Roads, the Committee found that this Bill did not come within that Order; and that the Com-04

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain WilliaBrereton, late Governor of the City and District: of and Commander

of His Majesty’s Ships stationed at The Philippine Islands, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Commission under the Hand and Seal of Rear Admiral Cornish, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in The East Indies, dated 14th of November 1762, directed to Captain William Brereton, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Falmouth, appointing him Lieutenant Governor of the Castle, Town and District of CavitS: And also, an Order, dated lft March 1763, together with Instrufitions from Rear Admiral Cornish to Captain Brereton, whom lie

left

Brereton*

Ex pe nce^ at Cavite.

23 Geo. III.

5° Junii.

46$

left Commander in Chief in the Naval Department, As senior Officer, were read.

And it appeared to your Committee, that by virtue of the said Commission, and in pursuance of the said Order and Instructions, he took upon himself the Government of the said Castle, Town, and District, on the 14th of November 1762, and that he continued to

exercise the Office of Lieutenant Governor until the ift of April 1764, the Day on which the Conquest on the Philippine Islands was delivered over by him to the Agents of the King of Spain, in obedience to an Order under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, directed to the Commander in Chief of His Ships at the said Islands; and that during that Period he was at very considerable Expence, amounting to upwards of Fourteen hundred Pounds.

The said Order under His Majesty’s Royal' Sign Manual for evacuating the Conquest, and also the Order from Rear Admiral Cornish, dated 21st of August 1763, to concert Measures with the Commanding Officer of the King’s Troops, and the India Company’s Governor and Council at Manilla, for the Removal of the King’s and Company’s Troops from thence as early as possible, and the Confutations of the t'oth 4764, held ip

consequence thereof, were also read; and by the said Consultations it appeared, that there were only Two of His Majesty’s Ships, Two of the Company’s Ships, and ft Spanish Ship called The Siatn, which Ships could only carry 1,160 Men, to transport about 1,500 Men, exclu-five of the Company’s Civil Servants and Domestics, from thence to India.

And it further appeared to your Committee, That it being impracticable to transport the said Men in Five Ships, another old Spanish Ship was fitted up by Captain j Prereton, without any ExpenCe to the Public, to

assist in removing the Garril’on; and that, after a difficult and tedious Passage, he put into the Port of Batavia, in a very distrefi’ed State, having incurred a further very heavy Expence in the Passage, to the Amount of at least 20O /.; and that by this his Conduct he rendered a very essentiai Service to the Public, iri removing the Troops from Manilla, by fitting up the Two Spanish Ships, when other Ships could not be procured.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the Falmouth was in a very leaky Condition on her Departure from the Bay of Manilla, and upon her Arrival at Batavia repeated Surveys wvere held upon her by the Carpenters belonging to her, as likewise by those of the Princess Augusta, the Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Gloucester, East India Company’s Ships then riding

in that Port; the Result of which was, that it was totally impracticable to repair her so as to go to Sea again; and that by many unavoidable Delays he was detained on Shore at Batavia for more than Six Months, and put to the additional Expence of more than 400l.

And it appeared to your Committee, that during Captain Breretohs Detention at , a very general

Sickness prevailed among the Seamen and Soldiers, and that it became necessary to establish an Hospital on Shore, and that he was obliged to take up Money for defraying Hospital Expences. — And by the Contracts produced to your Committee it appeared, that he contracted for the Maintenance and Cure of the Men at the Rate of Two Shillings per Man per Diem, the usual and accustomed Rate in that Country — -That the Money he lo took up was charged to him at the Rate of Five Shillings per Rix Dollar; but those Dollars, when offered in Payment, could be received after the Rate of only Four Shillings each, the then Rate of Exchange at that Place, upon which there was incurred a Loss of One Shilling upon each Dollar; and by a Certificate under the Haud of his Agent, it ap-Vol. 39.

peared, that upon passing his Accounts at the Navy and BreretoB’s Victualling Boards, for Expences incurred at the same Expences at Time, the said Loss of Exchange was allowed; but upon Cav, te* the Hospital Accounts being presented to the (’ommissioners of Sick and Hurt for their Inflection and Examination, they objected to the Allowance of the One Shilling Loss of Exchange, alledging, that the Contracts made by hirn being for Two Shillings per Man per Diem, and not for Half a Rix Dollar, therefore they were of Opinion, that the Loss of One Shilling per Rix Dollar ought to fall upon himself; and that the Loss accruing to him on this Head amounted to the Sum of 513/.

And it further appeared to your Committee, That His Majesty’s Ship Falmouth being in the Condition before Hated, so as to render it impossible for her to put to Sea, Captain Brereton acquainted the Secretary of the Admiralty thereof by a Letter, dated the 8th of November 1764, and that he, after providing Passage for and other wise disposing of her Complement of Men, was under the Necessity of taking a Passage to Europe, for himself and some of his petty Officers and Servants, in a Dutch East Indiamen, which he procured with great Difficulty; and it likewise appeared to your Committee, That the Money he disbursed for Ship Room and Victualling amounted to 3501, more than he was allowed by the Navy Board, who, as it appeared by a Certificate under the Hand of his Agent, paid him only personal Pay for himself and Servants, from the Time he left Batavia to his Arrival in England, and which, if allowed him, will not be any additional Expence to the Public, so far as respects the Victualling; as the Victualling at the King’s Expence ceased from the Time the Ship was rendered unfit for Service.

Upon the Evidence of Mr. Birch, Captain Brere-torfs Attorney, if appeared that an Action was brought against Captain Brereton by Charles Peter Saulnier, Commander of an armed Vessel under his Command, for an Assault and false Imprisonment, in taking him out of his Ship and detaining him on board the Falmouth; and that it appeared in Evidence upon the Trial of this Action, that Saulnier was going off with the Ship, without Leave, and disobeying the Signals for bringing his Vessel to, was taken and brought before Captain Brereton, as the Commander in Chief, and there detained to answei1 for his Conduct, and another Person put in Command of the Vessel; and that Admiral Cornish, in giving his Evidence at the said Trial, declared, that had Captain Brereton done otherwise than he did, that he would not have done his Duty, and that, as his Admiral, he should have called him to a Court Martial; but the Jury thought proper to give a Verdict against him for 400l. Damages, with Colts; and that such.

Costs on Taxation amounted to 84/. and which, with his own Costs, and the Expences paid to Witnesses, some of whom were brought from France and other distant Parts, could not amount, in his Opinion, to left than 6001.

And Captain Brereton assured your Committee, That he has never received any Allowance or Compensation whatsoever for the said Expenditures and Disbursements, or any Part thereof, making all together the full Sum of 3,4631, besides the total Loss of Interest upon so large a Sum, the greatest Part of which he has been in Disburse for Twenty Years, and the Whole for more than Seventeen Years.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a. Number of Copies of the Accounts to Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the be printed.

6 C

Management

Rogues,

V agabonds.

&c.

Limitation of Writs of Right.

Flexions — Bribery and Expence.

St. James, West mi after, Paving.

5° Junii, A. 1783.

Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguish-

ing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of April lair, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax, in so far as respects the Revenue of Customs in Scotland, which was presented to the House upon the lft Day of May last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Tax, in so far as respects the Revenue of the Salt Duties in Scotland, . which was presented to the House upon the lit Day of . May last, be printed, as ilia.ll be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend " and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues,

" Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons,

" and to Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render the said Act more effectual: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. William Selwyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law: And that Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Arden, and Mr. Mansfield, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Bill now ingrossed, for the better preventing Bri-l>ery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was re-commilted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion w as made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " upon Wednesday next" and inferring the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " Wednesday next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^1%^'

Tellers for the Noes,{ ’

So it paiLed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " To-

morrow Morning" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further. Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

t

The House being informed, That some Alterations are Colonial necessary to be made in the Estimate of the Sums necef- Goremments* fary to discharge the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of West Florida, from the 24th June 1781 to 24th June 1783; and allb, in the Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of Senegambia, from the ill January 1781 to the 24th June 1783, which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of May last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Estimates, in order to the presenting other Estimates instead thereof.

Mr. North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to discharge the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of West Florida, from the 24th June 1781 to the 24th June 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of Sene-gambia> from the ill of January 1781 to the 24th June

1783.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

by

Elections —

Preventing

Expence.

Supply Bill;

tamp

duties;

23 Geo. III. Junii. 467

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to discharge the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of West Florida, from the 24th June 1781 to the 24th June 1783.

Colonial

Govern-

ments.

Peter Chester, Esquire, Governor, per Ann. 1,200l.

For an Arrear of Salary due to him prior to 24th June 1778, from which Time a Sum was granted by Parliament to discharge Arrears, together with Expences incurred from the Failure in Payment of his Salary -

Elias Durnford, Surveyor General, per Ann. 180/.

William Clifton, Chief Justice, 500l. -

For an Arrear of Salary prior to 24th June 1778 -

Eduard Rush Wegg, Attorney General, 150 /.

Samuel Hannay, Provost Marshal, 100l.-

Tho'.Fisby, Schoolmaster, to June 1778, 25 Z and Expences incurred from the Failure in Payment of his Salary ——

£. s. d. 2,400-----

578 6 6

360-----

1,000-----

100 — —

300-----

200-----

3* 17 7

4,97 4 1

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of Senegambia, from the lft January 1781, being the Time they were paid to, by the last Grant of Parliament, to the 24th June 1783.

Joseph Wall, Superintendent of Trade, at 200l. per Ann. Edward Morse, Chief Justice - - 400l.

Arthur Charteris Murphy, Provost Marshal, 100l.

David Morgan, Chaplain - - - 100l.

Thomas Bullock, Agent - 200l.

£. s. d.

49°-----

980-----

245 -

245----

490-----

2,450----

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Prevention of Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Taking Notice of the Resolutions of this House, of the 27th Day of May lait, for laying Stamp Duties upon Bills of Exchange, and also for laying Stamp Duties upon Receipts; and praying, That the Bill intended to be brought in for carrying the said Resolutions into Execution, may not pals into a Law, being offered to be presented to the House;

Vo l. 39.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Drawback itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider on Rice, Sec, of allowing the Drawback of the Duty of Culioms upon the Exportation of Rice.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Corn and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ta

Supply Bill;

Stamp

Duties.

Persons found with House-breaking Instruments.

Rogues,

Vagabonds,

Ac.

Exportation *»f Brass.

468 50 — 6* Jh-tu

to consider of the Report which, upon Wednesday the 28th Day of May last, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and " Places therein mentioned," and to report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved' itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from* the Committee, Thafr

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and had allb directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will pfoafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging " a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otiierwifo than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promitfory and other Notes; and allb Stamp Duties on Receipts;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mf. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please.to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking in(p further Consideration the Report from die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, upon whom Implements for Housebreaking».or Offensive Weapons, shall be found in the Night Time, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues,

" Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and " to Houses of Correction:" And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read-,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brats from this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of th* Clock.

J. 1783.

Veneris,6* die;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783*

Prayers;

THE House wits moved. That the Petitfod* and Lever’s Representation of Sir Ashton Knight, which Mufeuw. was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the feirf Petition and Reprelbntatlort bd referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (halt' appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Sir Edward Astley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to WeoWey the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of John St. Leger Douglas, Esquire, deceased. *

Mr. Kenyan presented to the House, according to Limitation of Order, a Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of 'Vr‘ts o( Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon W ednesdayMorning next

Sir Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, shrewtbury to whom the Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery Small Debt*, of small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with1 the Amendments, be* ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Qmfme, from the Fees, &c. of Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, attended at the Public Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to office*' the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " EstablHhment of the Office of " Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, with the Sala*

" ries and Allowances paid to each Officer; an Account of the Annual incidental Charges, and an Account of the Fees and Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by the Persons in the several Depart*

" ments of the said Office, in the Year 1782."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

Fees, &c. of rtiMicOilices]

T^e'btor*

1‘eUUon.

orn ami ^fain.

23 Geo. III. 6‘funiL

The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont, One of the Commissioners for licenting Hawkers, Pedlars, &;c. attended at the Door} he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hoyfe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Office for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Qc.; with an Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the said Office, from />th July 1781 to 5th July 1782; and a Copy of the Establishment of the said Office, as it stood at A licit aclmas 1782, shewing the Numbers

of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Accounts and Copy, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Debtors in Cambridge Castle, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the

28th Day of May last, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportal ion of Corn and Grain w’ithin several Ports " and Places therein mentioned," and to report the [Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House; the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as* folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty should be enabled, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to allow the Importation of Corn for a Time, not exceeding Four Months, from the 3d Day of September next, into the several Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Naime, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and , under certain

Restrictions and Limitations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the said Counties be enabled to levy a Sum, nqt exceeding Fourteen Pounds Scots, on every Hundred Pound of the valued Rent of the said Counties, and to apply the same to the Relief of such of the Inhabitants as are or shall be reduced to Poverty by the Failure of last Year’s Crop, and the Scarcity and High Price of Com occasioned thereby.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Air. Pulteney also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House; That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to acquaint His Majesty, that this House, in consequence, of His Majesty’s Aloft Gracious Speech from the Throne, has bellowed constant Attention to the Scarcity and high Price of Corn; and that, notwithstanding the several salutary Laws already made in the present

Vo i„ 39.

Session of Parliament for the Relief of the Poor, the ElTcfts of the Scarcity and high Price of Corn are still severely felt by many of His Majesty’s idyal Subjects:

That it appears, from Evidence brought before this House, that the Inhabitants of The , and

Northern Parts of Scotland in particular, have futfered most severely from the Lateneis of the l.ilt Harvest, whereby their Corn while green was covered with Snow, and in many Places was not gathered in till the Alonth of December, apd then in a very bad Condition; that the Crop of Potatoes, on which the said Inhabitants principally depend for Support, was also destroyed by the Frost; that many of the said Inhabitants, being thereby reduced to Indigence, w ill either be conltrained to migrate, or exposed to the Danger of perishing for Want of Food, unless timely Measures he devised for their Relief; that the Distresses occasioned by Famine being generally most extreme in the Summer Alonths immediately preceding the new Harvest, when' this House may not be fitting, most humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased tp give such Directions, as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the above calamitous State of the Northern Parts of Scotland; and to affine His Majesty, that this House will make good, out of the First Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as tliall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Aiifery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced by this most deplorable Calamity.

And Mr. Pulteney moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address — Address be presented to His Majesty, to acquaint His Scarcity in Majesty, thatthis House, inConsequenceof His Majesty s ^cotlan<1-Most Gracious Speech from the Throne, has beltowed constant Attention to the Scarcity and high Price of Corn; and that, notwithstanding the several salutary Laws already made in the present Session of Parliament for the Relief of the Poor, the Effects of the Scarcity and high Price of Com are still severely felt by many ot His Majesty’s loyal Subjects; that it appears, from Evidence brought before this House, that the Inhabitants of The Highlands, and Northern Parts of Scotland in particular, have suffered most severely from the Lateness of the last.Harvest, whereby their Corn while green was covered with Snow, and in many Places was not gathered in till the Alonth of December, and then in a very bad Condition; that the Crop of Potatoes, on which the said Inhabitants principally depend for Support, was also destroyed by the Frost; that many of the said Inhabitants, being thereby reduced to Indigence, will either be constrained to migrate, or expoled to the Danger of perishing for Want of Food, unlefe timely Measures be deviled for their Relief; that the Distresses occasioned by Famine being generally most extreme in the Summer Alonths immediately preceding the new Harvest, when this House may not be fitting* most humbly to beftech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give such Directions, as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the above calamitous State of the Northern Parts of Scotland; and to afi'ure His Majesty, that this House will make good, out of the First Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Misery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced by this most deplorable Calamity.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Bill lie brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Air. Pulteney, Mr. Dempster, and the Alarquis of Graham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

6 D Mr.

47°

6° Junii. A. 1783.

Drawback on Mr. Eden, according to Order, reported from the ltice, Xc. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Drawback of the Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of ltice, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs be allowed upon the Exportation of Rice.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloulc.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Eden, Mr. Secretary Fox, Lord John Cavendish, and the Lord North, da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to

Duties. Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several ad-

ditional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and allb, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day,’for the House

to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the fivid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of maintaining. and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova for the Year 1783,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the lft of January 1783 to the ift of January 1784, be be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other incidental Charges attending the lame, from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers in the Province of Georgia, from the 24th June 1782 to the 24th June 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to discharge the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of West Florida, from the 24th June 1781 to the 24th June 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the Province of Senegambia, from the ill of January 1781 to the 24th June 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Eden presented to the Iloule, according to Order, Drawback 0* a Bill to allow the Drawback of the whole t)uty of Rice, &c. Customs upon the Exportation of Rice: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into st. James, further Consideration the Report which was made from Westminster, the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving, *>avin^ cleansing, and lighting the Parish of James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Thursday

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for Ito . } <8'

Tellers for the Noes,{^Cj^« } 47-

So it w’as resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee of the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the new Committee to vacate the Contrafit of

*774-

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant June, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, Fees, &c. of pursuant to their Orders, PuUicOfficcf.

An Account of Fees received at the Secretary of State’s Office for Foreign Affairs, on Ship Passes, from 30th November 1782 to the 2d June 1783, and Distribution thereof:'And allb.

A Paper, intituled, " Passes signed since the 30th November 1782, the Fees charged thereon, and the " Distribution thereof, in the Secretary of State’s " Office for the Home Department T And allb,

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Hodgson, to Mr.

Secretary Fox, dated Coleman Street, 5th April 1783:

And allb,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Grantham to Mr.

Hodgson,

23 Ge6. III.

ii

Junii.

471

Hodgson, dated Whitehall., 24th March 1783; And

also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. William Hodgson, Merchant, to Lord Grantham, dated March 18th, 1783.

And the Titles of the said Account and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Pajiers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Exportation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House vt' Brass. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Manufacturers and Persons, interested in the Exportation of Brass, which wqs presented to the HtXife upon the 6th Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St.Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

R emulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Twaturv* &c* ^ca<^'nn of the Bill for preventing Abuses, and establishur'’ ing certain Regulations in the several Offices of the Treasury, Admiralty, Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other Offices therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this Houfo will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

pence in Election of Members to serve id Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time,

The Amendments following w'ere proposed to be made to the Question; vis.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

1

j

TeUersfor theYea,^^/1^. } 45.

}37-

Tellers for the Noes,|^‘ C^euv-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Elections — ing next, resolve itself iiito a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent otes' Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Muans’ whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Junii;

Fees, Ac. of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-1‘ublicOfIice*- foant to their Orders,

An Account of all Fees taken by any Officer in the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary at War, for a Period of Three Years, ending at Christmas 1781; And also,

An Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the War Office (exclusive of Salaries) during a Period of Three Years, ending at Christmas 1781: And also,

A Paper, intituled, Establishment of the Office of " His Majesty’s Secretary at War, at Michaelmas 1782, " shewing the Number of the several Officers and Clerks " employed therein, with the Net Salaries and Allowances paid to each."

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Flexions — Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Preventing Reading of the Bill for the further Prevention of Ex-

Expence. Vql. MR

Anno 23* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (to beseech His Ma- Addre!'*. jesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give such Directions as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the calamitous State of the Northern Parts of Scotland, on Account of the Scarcity and high Price of Com j and to assure His Majesty, That this House w ill make good such Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Misery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced by this most deplorable Calamity) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Maitland reported from the Committee, D ike of to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Norfolk’* An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, ^,ulcs* to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tenements, Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint

Clement

47*

11 ° Junii. A. 1785.

Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or

near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Hoafe bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Limitation of Writs of Right.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Rngups, A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the

Vagabonds, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

c' the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make

" more effectual the Law relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, " and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses " of Correction," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon (he said Bill.

Johnby An ingrossed Bill to establish an Agreement for ex-

Inclosure. tinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Ef-tates„ within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 36. At the End of the Line, to add the Words " Houses."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates, within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl of

Pembroke*

Estates.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for divesting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kymcardston, in the County of Wills, with tire Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bedxcynand Burbage, in the said County, ex-

pectant on certain Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred, by proper Methods in Law, for the l’urpoles therein mentioned, be now read.

04

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Morton Pitt took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Morton Pitt reported from the Committee,

That they had considered the Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke, referred to the said Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, pur- FfPSi of feant to their Orders, PuhKc

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, Offices, received and takett by the Officers and Clerks, <$’C. in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; with an Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the said Office; and also, an Account of the Establishment of the said Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Moore, from the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, Return of the Commissioners " for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and " Chairs to the Honourable House of Commons, pursuant to Order of 2d June 1783, containing Accounts " of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites received and taken by any Person or Persons in the said Office;

" alfe, the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the " said Office; also, Copies of the Establishment of the " said Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782, ffiewing " the Number of the several Officers and Clerks etnployed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid " to each for One Year, to the 10th October 1782."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wale’s, &c. for naturalizing Margaretta Philipin Wale and Mary Nat. Pemberton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Adeane, Mr. Yorke, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had direfited him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as foi-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred and Forty-tUree Pounds Nine Shillings and

Five

1

Exportation

Brute.

23 Ge6. III. 1 i° Junit-

473.

Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Revok ed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, from the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Seventy Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Salaries due to the Civil Officers of the late Province of West Florida, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Payment of the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of Georgia, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the late Province of Senegambia, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider of permitting the Exportation of Erafs from this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion fof this Committee, That it is expedient to repeal certain ACIs, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edu ard the Sixth, lb far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, not exceeding Six Pence per Ton, be laid on all Brass exported from Great Britain into Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to cause Prize Goods, secured in Ware-houses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time, to be sold.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vox.. 39.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the Two First of the said Resolutions;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, kine: } 12C'

Tellers for the Noes [Sir John TVrotte 1

letters lor the i\oes, jThe Lord: / 12‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Sheridan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Exportation Tradelineno {Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, cf brass. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Brass Manufactory of the said Town and its Environs is now brought into great Perfection, and Numbers of Persons are employed therein, and their Families supported thereby; and that the Petitioners observe a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, to repeal the Acts of the 33d of Henry the Eighth, and the 2d and 3d of Edward the Sixth, in order to allow the free Exportation of Brass; and Alledging, that frequent Attempts having heretofore been made to establish similar Manufactures in different Parts of Europe, and other Foreign States, should such Bill be passed into a Law, and the Exportation of Brass take place, the Brass Manufactory must thereby be very materially injured, and Numbers of His Majesty’s Subjects, and their Families, be unemployed, and rendered useless to Society; and that the Manufacturers have already felt great Injury from the Exportation of Ingot Brass, contrary to Law, arid in order to preserve such Art in its present Perfection, every Sort and Quality of English Brass is absolutely necessary to be used by the Makers of all or some of the great Variety of Articles produced by this excellent Composition, and consequently the Exportation of any one Quality must advance the Price of the Whole, to the great Prejudice of the general Trade, and Foreign Manufactories may be thereby encouraged and established to rival, if not exceed, those of His Majesty’s Subjects at Home: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to prevent such Bill passing into a Law.

A Petition of sundry Merchants and Manufacturers Ditto, in the Town of Birmingham, on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the 6th of February last, that a Petition was presented, in order to obtain a Repeal of certain Laws prohibiting the Exportation of Brass, but, as no Proceedings appeared thereon, the Petitioners flat- tered themselves that the Attempt was relinquished; yet after the Expiration of Four Months, at this late Period of the Session, the Promoters of the Petition have moved to bring on the Merits of it, and have refused to allow a Discussion of that important Subject to remain until the next Session of Parliament, when the Petitioners hope to be better prepared to explain the Injury which the Repeal of the old Laws may occasion to the Manufactures of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, that are exported to a considerable Amount, and employ a great Number of Men, Women, and Children; and Representing to the House, that frequent Attempts have been made to erect similar Manufactures to those of the said Town in different Parts of Europe', and that the Excellence of some of our Articles depends upon Brass of very different Qualities, arid fortunately for this Country, there are several Sorts of Brass that are peculiarly adapted to the different Branches of our Manufactures, so that the Sort which is suitable for one Article is

6 E improper

by

Supply Bill;

Stamp

Duties.

474

11° Junii. A. 1783.

improper for another; and the Petitioners have Reason to believe the Knowledge of adapting the various Sorts of English Brass to different Articles in our Manufactures, is not yet known to Foreigners; but that if free Liberty is given to export Brass, every Maker may be induced to discover the peculiar Uses of his Sort, and produce very disagreeable Consequences to our Manufactures; and that Brass Makers in different Provinces of this Kingdom have not succeeded in making the Sorts of Brass made in other Provinces; and one great Company of Brass Makers have not succeeded in making Brass suitable for this Market, though they have professed an earned Desire to do fb; and the Petitioners apprehend there never has been such a Quantity of Brass exported as to render it a national Object, and there is not a Probability of any such Quantity being exported, though so much may be as to raise a ruinous Competition to our Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and, before they authorize such Brass to be exported, which Foreigners particularly describe as proper to make our Manufactures, that it may be examined whether it is probable the national Profits, that may arise from the Exportation of Brass, are such as to be put in Competition with the National Loss that may be occasioned by exporting the Brass which is suitable for our Manufactures; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Petition for repealing those Laws which prohibit the Exportation of Brass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought m upon the Two First of the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lon, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an £Ct, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills " of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes,

" payable otherwise than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts; and Setting forth, That there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, the Petitioners apprehend, in case the same should pass into a Law, will be very injurious to the Manufactures, Trade, and Commerce of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses and Provisions, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed; and that the Petitioners be then permitted to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word "Table " to the End of the Question;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of May 1779, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the

07

pro-

City of London, in Common Council assembled, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put. That the Words poled to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

' The Lord Mayor of London,

Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge:

Sir Grey Cooper,

Mr. Sheridan:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition, now presented, do lie upon the Table.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.

i*j.

178.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the w’hole House, to whom the Bill for Stamp repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of Dutie*

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging " a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise " than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ‘ with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt from the Duty Receipts indorsed on Foreign Bills of Exchange.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt from the Duty Notes or Bills issued in Scotland, payable on Demand, for any Sum not exceeding Twenty-one Shillings.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for lowering the Duty on Notes and Bills, between 51. and 101, payable on Demand.

And the said Clause was Twice read? and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 5. 1. 4. by leaving out the Word " Two " and inferring the Word " Five " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Two " stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^ohnTo} »

Tellers fer the Noes.{^^ ^. } n:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Morion

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Scotland — R«Wef of the Poor.

Kynwardfton Hand red.

Duties on Malt for . private use.

23 Geo. III.

I I® — 12°

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, it the said Bill shall be then ingrafted;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Friday" and inciting the Word " To-morrow" instead thereof.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jon's, 12* dieJunii;

Anno 23® Georgii IIItu Regis, 1783. Praters.

ESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the

R

w hole Iioule, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Supply of the Counties of Perth, Kincardine, In-

verness, Ross, Naime, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, ElginDunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, to aflefe and levy certain Sums for relieving the most necessitous and indigent Inhabitants of those Counties, and to enable His Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morton Pitt, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hoqfe, to whom the Bill for diverting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kynwardston, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bed-win and Burbage, in the said County, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred, by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fubl’cribed, being Maltsters and Brewers

Vo l.39.

Junii 475

residing within the District of Poole, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Statute of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, and by the several Annual Malt Acts, the Officers of His Majesty’s Excise are authorized to compound with any Person inclined to make Malt to be consumed in his ow>n Family only, for the Duties of such Malt at certain Rates for every Head which at any Time, during the Continuance of such Competition, shall be of the Family of the Persons compounding, and such Persons whilst compounding, are not to have their Houses, Out-houses, or Malt-houses, surveyed or searched by the Excise Officers; and that the aforesaid Powers have for foveral Years last past been productive of numerous Frauds, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader, many Persons in divers Parts of the Kingdom, and particularly in the Counties of Dorset and Hants, under Colour of making Malt for the Use of their own Families, having made very large Quantities for Sale; and that, in the District of Poole, there are no less than Twelve Maltsters, whose Houses a few Years since were regularly entered and surveyed, and who made Malt for public Sale, that are now become Compounders; that the Quantity of Malt made at such Houses, when so entered and surveyed, was, upon an Average, about Three thousand Quarters Annually, such Houses being, generally worked only Five or Six Months in the Year, but since they have been compounded for, the Petitioners are well allured that the Owners continue to make Malt in them at least Ten Months out of the Twelve, and, on a very moderate Computation, at least Five thousand Quarters are Annually made at such Houses; and that the number of Heads compounded for by the said Twelve Persons is Eighty only, and the Competition, paid by them per Head is Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, amounting in the whole to no more than 52/. 10 s. whereas the Duty of Five thousand Quarters of Malt, as paid by the fair Trader, amounts to 2,625/. or thereabouts, so that, within the District of Poole only, the Annual Loss which the Revenue suffers from such Compositions is, at a very moderate Estimate, upwards of 2,500l.; and that a Person very lately made near Twenty Quarters of Malt, Weekly, under a Composition for Three Heads only, and Two of the Persons so compounded for were Water Di inkers; and that the Laws in being for preventing of such Frauds are very inadequate for that Purpose, that the Penalties laid on Compounders who shall fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any Malt to, or allow it to be made in their Houses for, any other Person, or shall foil Malt Liquor, or have more Persons in their Family than compounded for, are 5 /. and 20 s. per Bushel for the Malt fold; but such Compounders remove their Malt privately in the Night-time, and by other Arts and Contrivances elude the Vigilance of the Excise Officers, and make it extremely difficult to prove the actual Sale of such Malt, and to convict them in the said Penalties; as a Proof whereof, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that, in the Course of several Years, during which these Practices have been carried on, there have been only Two Convictions, and those in the Penaly of 95/. only, in the whole of the before-mentioned District; and that the Security in which these Frauds are practised tends every Day to increase the Evil, and the Petitioners are persuaded, that, if some effectual Remedy be not soon applied, the Number of Compounders will be considerably enlarged, and the Temptation it holds out will induce many who are at present fair Traders to become Compounders; and the Petitioners conceive that such Frauds cannot effectually be prevented unless the before-mentioned Powers given to the Officers of Excise to compound

for

Corn and Grain.

Fees, See. of Public Offices.

Limitation of Writs of Right.

12° Junii. Jl. i 7 8 3.

for the Malt Duties be totally repealed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Rebel therein as to the Home shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and afeer-

7 n o

" taining the Importation and Exportation of Corn " and Crain within several Ports and Places therein " mentioned and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Siblhorp &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Secre-

tary to the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prel’ented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Copy of the I’stablishment of the Sak Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782, shewing the Number of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each; and an Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the said Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copy and Account, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the house.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Fees, Gratuities and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Excise Office: And also,

An Account of the incidental Charges incurred in the Excite Office for One Year, ending the 5th July 1782: And all'o,

A Copy of the Establishment of the Excise Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782, shewing the Number of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Copy were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Copy are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Arden reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report he now- received.

Mr. Arden accordingly repotted from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ConGderation upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the African Fort* Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- and Settle-tituled, " An Act for repealing the Act, made in the ments.

" last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " veiling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa;" and " to vest as well the said Fort, and its Dependencies, as " all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the " Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and " Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate,

" and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and " their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing,

" extending, and improving the Trade to ," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given' to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa: And that the Lord North and Mr. Secretary Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Supply Rill; Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, Stamp " An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills Dutie8,

" of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes,

" payable otherwise than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory, and other Notes, and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, bj Way of Ryder, declaring, That Receipts un-stamped for Sums under Forty Shillings, and which express that they are in full of all Demands, may be given in Evidence for tho Sums expressed in such Receipts, but not as a general Acknowledgment of all Demands being discharged.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That Receipts stamped with Two Pence, and for Sums between Forty Shillings and Twenty Pounds, shall have the like Effect for the Sums expressed in the said Receipts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Time within which the Penalty may be recovered.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It

a 3 Geo. III. 12° — i3* Juttii. 477

Elections —

Fraudulent

Vote*.

Rogues,

Vagabonds,

fee

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for lowering the Duty on Foreign Bills of Exchange, their Duplicates, and Triplicates.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 39. After " paid " to insert " throughout " the Kingdom of Great

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 22. To leave out the Clause imposing a Duty on Receipts.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas (Mr-

1 eiiers for tRe 1 eas,|Mr 145

} 40

Teller, for the;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 27. After " paid " to iufert " throughout " the Kingdom of Great Britain." Pr. 4. 1. 28. After vA6t" to insert "or upon any " Bank Note, or Bank Post Bill." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title lie, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand," and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend " and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues,

Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and " to Houses of Correction," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vet. 39.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Election* — . House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Preventing House, upon the Bill for the further Prevention of ExPenc,s* Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to 'the Question, by leaving out the Words "

" Morning next" and inserting the Words " this Day " Two Months " instead thereof;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Words Thursday Morning next " stand Part of the said first proposed Question j

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words this " Day Tw'o Months " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Junii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1783.

Pbaters.

D ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjournment. * * of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Fauquier, Ac- Ft>e9 &c> countant General of the Post Office, attended at the of Public Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Offices. the House, pursuant to their Orders.

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites of the several Officers belonging to the General Post Office, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1782, and of the Salaries and Perquisites of the Penny Post Office: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Incidents paid by the General " Post Office in one Year ending 5th January 1782 And allb,

A Lift of the Persons who hold Employments at the General Post Office, shewing their several Employments, with their Salaries on the Establishment, and by Incidents, for the Year ended Michaelmas 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, Paper, and Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, Pap*, and Lift, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, Papec, and Lift, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

6 F Mr.

478 13* Juttii. A. 1783.

Sheppard's Mr. Etwes reported from the Committee, to whom Roads*4C for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

oa *' larging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Sfwrd, and Horsley Upright Gleading down in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, accord- Rumbold and ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing so much of an Peering not Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Kingdom* His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining " Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring,

" Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and " preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kynwardfton An ingrafted Bill for divesting the Crown of the Hundred. Reversion in Fee of and in the Hundred of Kymoardston, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and of and in certain Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bedzoyn and Burbage, in the said County, ex-pestant on certain Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kymoardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bed-zcyn and Burbage, in the County of and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotland — A Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Supply of the Relief of the Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, °°r‘ Ross, Naime, Cromartie, Aygyle, Forfar, Banff, Suther-

land, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, to afiefs and levy certain Sums for relieving the most necessitous and indigent Inhabitants of those Counties, and to enable His Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice.of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Perring.

Pains, &c. on A Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill Rumbold and now depending in Parliament for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor an<%President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses St. James, and Estates in the Parish of Saint f, within the Westminster,

Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, PavU1*-and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, the '

Select Vestry of the said Parish of James are authorized to appoint Annually a Number of Persons, being Householders and resident within the said Parish, to be Committee Men for the better carrying the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, and the Vestry have Annually appointed Twenty-one Persons, agreeable to the Directions of that Act, in like Manner as is done by the Vestries of other Parishes comprised in the said Act, but the Commissioners appointed by virtue of several former Acts were still to hold a general controlling Power over such Committees; and that the said controlling Power of the Commissioners having been found inconvenient and expensive to the Parishioners, a Bill was brought into the House, upon the Petition of a great Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for taking those Powers from the said Commissioners, and vesting the same in the Vestry, and in a Committee of the Inhabitants to be appointed by the said Vestry, in the same Manner as was done by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and as hath been done by several Acts of Parliament in the present Session, for certain other Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminster , and that, since the said Bill hath been depending in the House, a Petition, signed by Twenty-three Owners of Estates and Inhabitants of the said Parish, hath been presented, requesting that the Power of appointing Committee Men might be extended to the Inhabitants at large, and another Petition, signed by several Noblemen and other principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, to the Number of Sixteen hundred and upwards, hath like-wife been presented, expressing their Desire that the Power of appointing the said Committee Men should be continued in the Vestry; and that the Petitioners are informed, that during the Time the said Bill was before a Committee of the House, an Alteration hath been made therein, whereby the Number of Committee Men to be Annually appointed for the future are to be Thirty-six, of whom the Inhabitants at large are to appoint Twenty-four, and the Vestry are only to appoint Twelve, which Alteration, the Petitioners conceive, will in Effect take the Choice of the Committee Men from the said Vestry, and give it to the Inhabitants at large, although it bath not been attempted to be shewn that the said Vestry, or any

of

Shrewsbury Small Debts.

Whitechapel Paying, &c.

Sale of Priie Goods.

Exportation of Draft.

33 Geo. III.

13* Junii.

47 9

of the Committees appointed by them, have in any one Instance abused the Power vested in them by Parliament v and the Petitioners conceive, that, as the Bill now Hands, it will be productive of great Confusion and Dissentions in the said Parish, and will be attended with many other Inconveniences: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as give a Power to the Inhabitants of the said Parish to elect any of the said Committee Men, and that the foie Power of appointing the Committee Men may still remain in the Vestry of the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint within the Liberty

of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nui- ' lances and Annoyances therein, be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said BiH, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

liesolved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint White-

chapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and regulating Church in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Sale of Prjze Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain: Ana the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Mmchin presented to the House, pursuant to the Securing Directions of an Act of Parliament. Dock*, &c«

A Paper, intituled, " Decrees and Judgments of the " Commissioners impowered by His Majesty, for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the " 22d George Hid. C. 80. for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth " and Chatham."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the Rogue*,

' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Vagabonds, render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventeenth &c'

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more " effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

" and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses " of Correction," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

General Conway informed the House, That he was An-eft of* commanded by the King to acquaint the House, that Member, the Honourable Major Henry Pitz-Roy Stanhope, a Meipher of this House, having been charged with Misconduct in the Defence of the Island of Tobago, has been put in Arrest by His Majesty’s Command, in order to his being tried by a Court Martial.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Messagefrom His Majesty, returning Him the Thanks of this House, the King, for His gracious Message of this Day, and for His tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication which He has been pleased to make to this House, of the Reason for putting the Honourable Major Henry Fitz-Roy Stanhope in Arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Aloft Honourable Privy Council.

A Bill to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty Drawback on of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice, was read a Exportation Second Time. o{ R,ce* *c-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Dutie* on several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Malt for being Maltsters and Brewers residing within the District Private "'* of Poole, in the County of Dorset, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Supply Bill; Stamp Duties.

Supply.

480

13* — 16® Jmii. A. 1783.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of- the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783, to 24th December

following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Orders in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for 183 Days, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving Abroad, exceeding the proposed Establishment, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to the Commissioned Officers reduced with the 9th and 10th Companies of several Regiments of Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Eight Battalions of Foot, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in North America, from 25th April 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may nave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Eleaion* — Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Attendance of whole House, upon the Bill for the more ealy and con- FreeboWtn' venient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament

Mr. Richard Smyth, from the Select Committee ap- East Indi* pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Affairs‘ Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty

And then the House adjourned rill Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Junii;

Anno 23° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chatteris for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of Waste Lands, feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An st. Martin’* Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the in the Field* Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty Pavin8-of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Odstock,*c. Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Odstock, Homington, West Ham-ham, and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts', without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Boilftom Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

9 mons,

Fees, Sec. toF Public Offices#

Rogue*,

V agabonds, &c.

Fees, fcr. of Public Office*

Scotland — Relief of the Poor.

23 GEO. III. i 6" Juttiu

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby; without any

Amendment.

And theu the Messengers withdrew:

Tiie House being informed that Mr. from the

Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,.

An Account of the Fees* Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by. the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, or by any Person or Persons in his Office and Department: And also,

An Account of an Annual incidental Charge in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishment of the Office " of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods " and Forests, as the same . stood at Michaelmas " 1782, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to " each."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts jant) Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an ACb irtade in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to " Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, intituled,

" An Act to amend and, make more effectual the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons) and to Houses of Correction," to certain Cafes not therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. William Selwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, -pursuant to their Orders,.

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Office of Ordnance: And alfe, , .

Act Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred by the Office of Ordnance, as near as the same can be ascertained: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishment of the Office of " Ordnance, as it stood at Michaelm 1782, shewing " the Numbers of the several Officers and Clerks em*

" ployed therein, w itli the Salaries and Allowances paid " to each."

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Supply of the Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Crvmartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, to assess and levy certain Sums for relieving Vol. 39.

the most necessitous and indigent Inhabitants of those Counties, and to enable His Majesty, during tiic ne^t Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to (permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Maitland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Maitland reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Exportation the Town of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, oh of Draft. Behalf of themselves and others, was presentfed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners bhferve, by the Votes of the 6 th of February last, that a Petition was presented, in order to obtain a Repeal of certain Acts made in the Thirty-third Year of Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third of Edward the Sixth, prohibiting the Exportation of Brafe; and Alledging, That the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town (which is very populous) principally consist in the manufacturing of Buckles, and various Other Sorts of Brass Goods, by which the greater Part of the Inhabitants are employed arid supported, and the greatest Part of such Goods are exported to Foreign Markets; and that the Excellence Of various of our Articles depends upon Brals of very different Sorts, and there are sundry Sorts of Brals that are peculiarly adapted to the different Branches of our Manufactures, so that the Sort which is suitable for one Article is improper for. another; and that the Knowledge of adapting the Various Sorts of English Brals to different Articles in our Manufactures is not yet known to Foreigners, but that if free Liberty is giveh to export Brass, every Maker thereof may be induced to discover the peculiar Excellence of his Sort to Foreigners, and thereby enable them to make and manufacture the Goods that are now made and manufactured here, which will tend to the Destruction of the Trade of the said Town, and the Ruin of the Manufacturers: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Repeal of the Prohibitory Clauses in the said Acts may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, uiitil the Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edicard the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brals from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain, be read a Second Time.

The.House'being informed that Mr. Farrer, from the Woods and Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods-1-01*1*-and Forests, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty ‘of the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

No. 1. State of the Timber in the New Forest: And also, .

N° 2. State of the Timber in JDean Forest: And also,

6 G N° 3.

4

Sopply.

\6° Junti. A. 1783.

N° 3. Slate of the Umber in Windsor forest and Cranborne Chace: And also,

N° 4. State of the Timber in and Woolmer

Forests: And alto,

N° 5. State of the Timber in Salcey Forest: And also,

N° 6. State of the Timber in Windsor Little Park: And also,

N° 7. State of the Timber m Windsor Great Pdrk: And also,

N° 8. State of the Timber in Peart Forest: And also,

N* g. State of the Timber in Forest:

And also,

N° 10. State of the Timber in Richmond Park And aho,

N° 11. State of the Timber in Hampton Court Park ': And also,

N° 12. State of the Timber in Bushy Park I And also,

N° 13. State of the Timber in Greenwich Park: And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, " Reasons why the Order' M of the Honourable House of Commons to the Surveyor " General of His Majestys Woods and Forcfts, respecting the Surveys of all the Standing Timber belonging " to the Crown, has not as yet been executed in its full " Extent"

Mr. Farre)' also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament,

Report of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, of the State of the Inclosures in His Majesty’s Forests.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles'of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three EffeQive Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty-three Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eight thousand Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Six Shillings, and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for One hundred

and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to die Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,’ not exceeding Forty thousand Tw’o hundred Forty-one Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge 08

of Eight Battalions of foot, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds,

Eleven Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving Abroad, exceeding the proposed Establishment, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Provincial Corps formed in North America, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of October following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, riot exceeding Two hundred and Five thousand, five hundred Forty-two Pounds, and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand One hundred Thirty-seven Pounds, and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to the Commissioned Officers reduced with the Ninth and Tenth Companies of several Regiments of Foot, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand One hundred Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Desertion. Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain: And that Mr. Secretary at War and General Conway do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Malt for referred to consider of the Petition of the several Per- Private use* fons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Maltsters and Brewers, residing within the Distrifit of Poole, in the County of Dorset, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

t

Geo. III.

16n Juniii

That the Power, now allowed by Law, of compounding for the Duties on Malt made for private Use only, and not for Sale, do cease, and he discontinued.

The laid Ilesolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rosolution: And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick M Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ord, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cotton and Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Manu* Morning ne*t, resolve itself into a Committee of the c ure* whole House, to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials used in the said Manufactures.

Mutiny and Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-Desertion. cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinfe.

Arr^*^orts The Lord North presented to the House, according ifntfc11* *° Order, a for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, j An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session

" of Parliament, intituled, "An Act -for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to and to vest as

i " -well -the said Fort and its Dependencies as all other

" the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of " Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and u Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and " their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing, " extending, and improving the Trade to Africa and ‘ for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Set* demerits between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa And the same was received; ana read the First Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time.

Drawback on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Rice, Sec. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly»

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tire Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lever'* Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, reported from the Commit-

Mufeuni. tee, to whom the Petition and Representation of Sir Ashton Lexer, Knight, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and Representation; and had directed him to report the Vox.. 39.

fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition and Representation, Mr. Thomas Waring being examined, said, He had been Manager and Superintendent of the Collection of Natural and Artificial Curiosities belonging to Sir Ashton Lexer, ever since it was brought to London, in the Year 1775 — That Sir Ashton had been diligently employed, for Twelve Years before that Time, in forming his Collection — That it consists of Natural Productions and Curiosities of Art, and that the various Specimens and Articles are in Number upwards of 26,000 — That this Number has been selected from more than 150,000 that have been in Sir Ashton Lexers own Possession, exclusive of a great Number procured from Foreign Cabinets — That this Collection is the most extensive and valuable of any in England, and contains many Articles not to be found in any other — That, according to his Judgment, Sir Ashton mull have expended at least 40,000l. in making his Collection, and that it may probably have cost him nearer 50,000l. — That he has from Time to Time received considerable Presents of curious Things, but that the preparing those Articles for public Inspection has put him to considerable Expence — That if the Collection shall be kept in a Place proper for its Reception, and due Care and Attention be given to it, the Articles may be preserved for Ages in their present beautiful and perfect State j and that the Expences of keeping it at Leicester House, where it now is, amounts Annually to about i,2oo/. of which 660/. is paid for House Rent and Taxes. — And being asked, How the Public are admitted to the Sight of the Collection ? he said, On paying a certain Sum for each Person’s Admission, and that the Money collected by those Means has amounted, from the opening of it in February 1775 to the present Time, to about the Gross Sum of 12,000l.

Mr. Thomas Tenant being then examined, said, He had been upwards of Twenty Years a Collector of Subjects of Natural History — That he had seen all the Cabinets of Curiosities, both public and private ones, of any Note, in Holland, France, and Portugal, at Brussels, Dresden, Brunswick, and Vienna — That he had also seen the Spanish Cabinet whilst collecting in land — That he had never seen any Collection more rare, more curious, or more instructive, than Sir Ashton Lever's, nor any that can be compared with it — That his exceeds all others in the Beauty and Preservation of the numerous Articles it contains, which are better selected than any he had seen elsewhere. — And being asked, Whether he had heard of any Commissions to purchaseany of the Articles in Sir Ashton Lever's Collection ? he said, That an Idea being entertained Abroad, that the Collection is to be sold, he had Commissions to buy a great Number of the Articles for private Cabinets. — And being further examined, he said, That in his Opinion this Collection is of such Value and Rarity, as to be an Object of National Attention, and worth being purchased by the Public. And he concluded with saying, That if a Sovereign Prince were to endeavour at forming such a Collection, it could not be done in less than Twenty Years, nor ever be made so extensive and complete, there being many Specimens in this that could not be procured at any Expence.

A Member present, Mr. Baron Dimsdale, then informed your Committee, That he had seen the Cabinets of Curiosities at Moscow and St. which are esteemed very curious and valuable, and that they are not to be compared with Sir Ashton Lexer's Collection.

Mr. John Church being then examined, feid, He

had

484 16° Junti. A. 1783.

had amused himself many Years in collecting Natural Curiolities — That he had seen all the Collections in England of any Note, and that the whole of them put together would not form one so rare and valuable as that now at Leicester House — That the Articles there are in complete Beauty and Preservation — That he had taken great Pains to form an Eftiraate of their Value, ascertained by the Prices he had known similar Articles fell for at public Sales, of otherwise; and that, according to his Calculation, the Value of the Whole to be sold is upwards of 53»oooo /.- — That in this Valuation he includes the Cafes and other Matters connected with the Articles as now exhibited — That he did not believe such another Collection could be made in a Man’s Life; and many Articles are so rare, they could not be procured at all; and that, if the same proper Care be continued to be taken of the Collection as is now, he thought the Arti-

cles in it would preserve their Beauty for Ages. And he concluded with saying, That in his Opinion Sir Ashton Levers Collection is well worthy the Attention of the Public, to fdve it from being dispersed again, by the present Possessor being obliged, or being induced, to part with it to Individuals, which would be a Discredit to this Country.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His chelfe* Majesty’s Command, Hospital.

Eftiraate of the Charge of Two hundred Letter Men of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th June 1783 to 24th D&-cember following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Eftiraate is as followeth; via.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Hundred Letter Men of Chelsea Hcrspital, from 25th June 1783

to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Per Diem. For i$3 Days*

300 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diem - p a fc N. B, As each of the Serjeants is entitled to 5 per Diem, the aCfcual Increase of Charge to the Public, on the above Account, is no more than 5/. i6j. 8 per Diem, which, for a Year, is £ * d. 10 £. s. d. 1,830

- - 2,139 3 4

War Office, 16th June 1783.

R. Fitx

Victualling

Office.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, perceiving, by the printed Copy of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred, that such Report dates several Circumstances as Facts which are wholly untrue, highly reflect upon the Conduct, and are very injurious to the Character, of the Petitioners, are desirous of having an Opportunity of being heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, or a Committee thereof, in Answer to the Circumstances so stated in the said Report aftecting the Petitioners, and of adducing Evidence in Vindication of the Petitioners Conduct and Character, and in Contradiction to such Circumstances: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, in Answer to the Circumstances so stated in such Report, which reflect on the Conduct and Character of the Petitioners, and may produce Evidence

in Vindication of the Petitioners, end Contradiction of such Circumstances; or that the House will make such other Order in the Premises, for the Relief of the Petitioners, as may seem meet

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, now presented, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 1.5th Day of May last, was made from the said Committee, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition

Victualling

Ortice.

Rum bold and r erring not to quit the Kingdom*

Rains, drc. on Rumbold end Perring.

23 Geo. III.

A Petition of the fevCral Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Officers and Clerks now or late in His Majesty's Victualling Office at Portsmouth, was prel’ented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have perused a Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; and, although the Petitioners were not ignorant of the presenting of the said Petition, they deemed the general and inexplicit Charges it contained against them as undeserving of their Notice in any Way whatever, and bein<* thoroughly conscious of having always fulfilled the Duties of their respective Offices with the utmost Integrity and unremitting Attention to the Interest of His Majesty, and the Public, they hoped and bruited, that no Witnesses would be found hardy enough to testify any Thing in Support of that Petition that could affect the Characters of the Petitioners; and that, in this Expectation, the Petitioners find, with some Concern, they were mistaken; for, by the said Report, which has been inJuftriously made as public as possible, it appears that there are divers Charges of Misconduct brought against them, which they firmly declare and pledge themselve3 to prove are false, groundlefa, and malicious, or frivolous in themselves, and exaggci. '.ed or misrepresc.nted in the grotf’eft Manner: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to dear themselves from the Imputations so unjultly thrown on their Characters, and that they may have such Relief a? the Circumstances of their same may be judged to require and deserve, and to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir " Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, " from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, " and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and " preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet; and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trull, and High Crimesand Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or DifTolu-tion of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vo 1. 39.

485

Sir George tioward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Sheppard's altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made Sliord, Ac. in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of ,toad$* his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdmn Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other

ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, was read the Third Time.

Rcsoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horslei/ Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Ekces do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Harrison, from Pees, &e. the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s P°Mic . Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called offices* in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites received and taken in the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue; also, of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the said Office; and of the Establishment of the said Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Accounts, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Stamp House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty ®uties* several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

6 H And

16° Junii.

16° — 1']° yunit. 1783.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved \That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

St. Jam ft. The othpr Order of the Day being read, for the \\ riin.iniier, Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for better as,n|i' paving, cleansing, and lighting tire Parish of

James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in, no Counsel appearing for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ami the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, against certain Parts of the said Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 35. To leave out " Twelve" and insert . " Twenty-five " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Twelve " stand Part of the Bill.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Jamesand certain Places adjoining thereto, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Fulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

then a Second Time, Gne by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Corn to be imported in Neutral V’efills.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bili.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny a*4 the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Deferiion. within the Realm of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, The the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej upon the said Bill

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Drawbacko. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to stice> allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Ware- Sale of Prize houses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not tioods. paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time, wn3 read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Scotland — Keliel of the Poor.

Mentis, 17° Junii;

Anno 23° Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

Peatehs.

RDERED, That Mr. Dempster do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Supply of the Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Argyle, Forfar,

Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, to aflels and levy certain Sums for relieving the most necessitous and indigent Inhabitants of those Counties; and to enable His Majesty, during the next Rccefs of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Com into the said Counties, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Dempster accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

04

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year Africa* of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An Fort* and " Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Seffioi) Settlamenti " of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the " Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to veil " as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as. all " other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee " and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property,

" Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Setdements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty, u and for securing, extending, and improving die Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all odier the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Aa

Sir. on umbold and l>cri ing.

Ditto,

Exportation ot Ural's.

23 Geo. III. 1.7° Junii.

An ingrossed Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains ami Penalties on Sir Tlwmas llumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, F.squire. for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mil-demeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsel. lors and Members, of the Sclect Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of mandel, in The East Indies,(lmll not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dilsolution of Parliament, was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Baronet, and

Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and MilHcmeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Foi't Saint George, on the Coast of Coromondel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflblution of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Mifde-mcanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Selcft Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned dll this Day Fortnight, the 1 ft Day of July nett.

A Motion was made, and the- Question being pro-poled, That the Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Eduard the Sixth, so far as they prohibit tire Exportation of Brals from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brals exported from Great Britain, be read a Second upon Friday

Morning next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning next " and inferring the Words " this Day Three Months" instead thereof.

And tire Question being put, That (he Words ‘ Friday " Morning next " (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers foe the Yeas, } 35-

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next

The House was moved, That the Petition of sundry Merchants and Manufacturers in the Town of Birmingham, on Behalf of themselves and others, which was presented to the House upoa Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or

Vox.. 39.

Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Nash, from the Fees,

Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he wa9 called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, c<s* pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, taken in the Office for Taxes; the Annual incidental Charges incurred; and also, the Establishment of the said Office, as it stood at Michaelmas, 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Accounts, was. read.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Beresford, from Ditto, the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by,

Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, taken by the Officers of the Stamp Revenue, for One Year, to,

Christmas 1781: And also,

A Lift of the Stamp Office Establishment, as it stood. on the 10th of October 1782; also, a List of the Distri-bulors of stamped Parchment and Paper, at the established Allowance of Poundage.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, and of the Paper containing the said Lifts, were read.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from Stamp the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Duties. Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of incidental Expences of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, from the ?d of August} 780 to the 2d aS August 1781.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is preserved amongst th^ other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Anguish:

O

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Repealing Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Act respea-Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for fur- ing Gypsies. " ther Punishment of Vagabonds, calling themselves * Egyptianswithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the People called Quakers, was pre- Slave Trade, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, met in their Annual Assembly, having solemnly considered the State of the enslaved Negroes, conceive themselves engaged, in religious Duty, to lay the suffering Situation of that unhappy People before the House, as a Subject loudly calling for the humane Interposition of the Legislature; and, the Petitioners regret that a Nation professing the Christian Faith should so far countcraft the Principles of Humanity and Justice, as, by cruel Treatment of this oppressed Race, to fill their Minds with Prejudices against the mild and benficent Doctrines of the Gospel; and that, under the Countenance of the Laws

of

Phillips* Mode of prefer ving rrovilioua.

Removal of

Tea.

17* Junii.

A. 1783.

of this Country, many Thousands of those our Fellow Creatures, entitled to the Natural Rights of Mankind, are held, as Personal Property, in cruel Bondage; and the Petitioners being informed that a Bill for the Regulation of the African Trade is now before the House, containing a Clause which retrains the Officers of the African Company from exporting Negroes, the Petitioners, deeply affected with a Consideration of the Rapine, Oppression, and Bloodshed attending that Traffic, humbly request, That the said Restriction may Ire extended to all Persons whatsoever; or, that the House would grant l'uch other Relief in the Premises as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir Gilbet't Elliot, some Time since, presented a Petition to Parliament, praying a Reward for the Petitioner’s Discovery of an Invention of a Powder for the Preservation of all dry Provisions on board His Majesty’s Ships from Weevils, <§c. and brought in a Bill for that Purpose, which passed the House of Commons; but the Hoofe of Lords rejected it, until further Certificates of the Succcfs of the Petitioners Invention should be procured, and which are now laid before the House of Lords; and that the Reason why the Petitioner could not prefer his Petition sooner is, because he was not possessed of a sufficient Number of Certificates to make him confident that the Utility of his Powder would fully appear to the Satisfaction of both Houses of Parliament: And therefore requeuing, That his Petition for Relief may be now received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Henry Phillips;

It passed in the Negative,

A Petition of the several Wholefele Dealers in Tea, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Dealers in Tea, who reside without the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, no Tea above Forty Pounds Weight (not being in the original Chest in which it was imported by the East India Company, and then continuing in the same State in which it was imported) at any one Time, directed to any one Person, shall be removed from one Place to another,* out of the Limits aforesaid, under the Penalty of Forfeiture; and, by on Act passed in the following Year, the Quantity of Tea so to be removed is not to exceed Twenty Pounds Weight; and that the Petitioners, and other Wholesale Dealers in Tea, in many Cities, and great Towns without the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, have frequently fold large Parcels of Tea, from Fifty to an Hundred Pounds Weight, and upwards, at one Time, but are at present deprived of a great Part of that Trade, and are apprehensive that they shall sustain a much greater Loss by being deprived of the Whole of it, if the Prohibition of the said Acts be permitted to continue, which restrains them from lending their Tea in those large Quantities, and obliges them to fend the same in small Parcels at different Times, and by different Conveyances, the Persons with whom they deal being unable to buy Tea in the original Cheka in which it is imported; and that, whilst the Petitioners, and other Wholesale Dealers in Tea who relide without the Weekly Bills of Mortality, suffer so great a Rcltraint on their Trade, the Dealers in Tea in the City of London enjoy an unlimited

Privilege of fending Tea to their Correspondents in any Quantity, and in any Package j and that the Petitioners are sensible of their Duty to submit to any Regulations which may be thought expedient to prevent illicit Practices in Trade, yet they do not conceive that the Restrictions established by the above-mentioned Acts on the Trade of the Petitioners, can in the final left Degree conduce to the Improvement of the Revenue, the Benefit of the Fair Trader, or be attended with any general good Effect; but, on the contrary, that the Continuance of those Restrictions will cause a very considerable Diminution of the Trade of the Wholesale Tea Dealers in the Country, and divert the Channel of Trada from them wholly to the Dealers in Tea in the City of London, or to Smugglers who travel the Country: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision for the Relief of the Petitioners as the Nature of their same requires, and may be confident with the Safety and Improvement of the Revenue, and the general Advantage of the Trade of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Regulating to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Offices o1 th* upon the Bill for preventing Abuses, and establishing cer- rea ur*’ tain Regulations, in the several Offices of the Treasury,

Admiralty, Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other Offices therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the several Accounts of Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, and of the Incidents paid, and Lists of Persons employed, in the several Public Offices, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the Office of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ing>

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir " Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, " Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and fofr discovering their Estates and Effects, " and preventing the transporting or alienating the " feme, as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates.

Rumbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Drawback on Rice, Sic.

Scotland — Relief of the Poor.

talc's, &c. jSaU

Mntiny and Desertion*

23 Geo. III. 18°

Mercurii, 18° die Anno 23* Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1783. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

Ordered, That Mr. Old do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Supply of the Counties of Per, Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Cr , Forfar,

Banff] Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, to afiefs and levy certain Sums for relieving the tnoft necesfitous and indigent Inhabitants of those Counties; and to enable His Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to alibis and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said

# o

Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop of Corn; and to enable llis Majesty, during the next Reed’s of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

Ordered, That Air. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Adcanc reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Margaret t aI Vale and

Mary Pemberton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment, of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made Vo l. 39.

Junii. 489

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl Ludloxv reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Friday latt (returning His Majesty the Thanks Addrest. of this House for his gracious Message, and for His tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication which He had been plealed to make to this House of the Reason for putting the Honourable Major-Henry Fitz-Roy Stanhope in Arrest) had been prefen ted. to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was plealed to receive the same very graciously.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Sale of Prize to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Goods, upon the Bill for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Exportation count of the Quantities of Brass in the Ingot, entered of Brass. for Exportation in any Port of this Kingdom, between the lft Day of January 1700 and the ift Day of January 1781; distinguishing each Port and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Brass in the Ingot entered lor Exportation in any Port of this Kingdom, fmee the lit Day of January 1781; distinguishing each Port and each Year, as lar as the same can be made up.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Duties on ing to Order, a Bill for taking away from the Commis- Malt for-sioners of Excise in England and Scotland the Power of Private Use. compounding with Persons making Alalt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families:

And the same was received.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yea, {ft }-9-

Tellers for be Noes, {*£ } 47-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that the Commissioners victualling for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, who petitioned this Office. House upon Monday last, were desirous to withdraw-their said Petition, in order to present another instead thereof;

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday last, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of the

61 Committee

African Forts and Settlements.

Supply.

49°

18° Junii. A. 1783.

Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Act, made in the lait " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting " the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the " Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to " vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as " all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the " Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and

Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, " and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and

" their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing, " extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two hundred Letter Men of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Decrees and " Judgments of the Commissioners impowered by His *l Majesty, for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the 2 2d George IIId. C. 80, for the " better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at Portsmouth and ," be referred to

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wilj, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 06

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the feord?, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kingston Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County upon Hull of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an Gaol, additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity in the said Town; for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties ana Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respeCi to inch as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kilbourne Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, Bridge, &c. made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, lv0ad' and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highga Gate House and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgaiare Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Army —

Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Pay- Payruaiier malter General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more offiTe* regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an ACi, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forceswithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Jackson, according to Order, reported from the Regulating Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Abuses, and establishing certain Regulations, in the several Offices of the Treasury, Admiralty,

Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other Offices therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added the Bill, to prevent Walk and Abuse in the Expenditure of Stationary Wares in the several Offices.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, tio the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The

Supply Bill i

Sunup

Duties.

Ways and Means.

Rumbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Sale of Prize Guods.

25 Geo. III. 18° — 190 Junii.

491

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and all'o, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ilself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

o

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and " Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdoin for a limited Time, and for discovering their " Estates anti l.iles ts, and preventing the transporting " or alienating the lame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Eli|uire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross’ed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the African Forts Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign me" of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repeaiing the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal,

" and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa;" and to vest as well the said Fort " and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts " and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying " between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of " the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or " upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing, extending,

" and improving the Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.Tot'is, 19" die Junii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP1’ Regis, 1783.

Praters.

f\R DERFD, That Mr. do make tire Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dcl'ertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Billy with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Sale of Prize Goods l’ecured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time, was committed; Vol. 39.

Mr. Ord, according to Ord£r, reported from the Supply. Cojnmittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Two hundred Letter Men of Chelsea Hospital, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty-three Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sura, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred a°d Forty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to vest certain " Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in " Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks,

" Ships, and Stores, at Portsmoand Chatham," to make Compenl’ation to the Proprietors of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near Chatham, as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act.

The

492

A. 1783.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Limitation of The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Writs of further Consideration the Report from the Committee K'6ht- Gf the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House/

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the said Bill.

Rumbold and Ordered, That Sir Adam do make the Re-

port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Kingdom.6 the Bill for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reltraining " Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter " Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Etiates and Effects, " and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," as relates to rellraining the said Sir 'Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates, was committed.

Sir Adam Fergusson according reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Duties on A Bill for taking away from the Commissioners of l’nvateUfe ^xcise *n England and Scotland the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Oflices of the Hewing of the Bill, now ingrossed, for preventing rea ury,&c. ^uses, an(j establishing certain Regulations, in the several Oflices of the Treasury, Admiralty, Ordnance, Excise, and Stamps, and of several other Offices therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Abuses, and establishing certain Regulations, in the several Public Offices therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Elections — The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Fraudulent a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for otef‘ the belter preventing fraudulent Votes in Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Par>y took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Stamp Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Duties’

" charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable " otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hanwell for confirming, establishing, and making effectual the Inclosure-Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Common- --able Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cotton and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Linen Maou-to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manu- fa^urM-fastures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable ort the Materials used in the said Manufactures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lord Duncannon, from the Commissioners for Fees, &c. executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great of Public Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their offices* Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received at the Admiralty Office: And also,

N° 2. Establishment of the Navy Office, as it flood at Michaelmas 1782, with the Gratuities received by each Clerk: And also,

N° 3. An Account of Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by the Officers and Clerks in the several Departments under the Management of the Victualling Board, in the Year 1781, as near as the respective Parties can make it up from Recollection and the Instruments in Office: And also,

N° 4. An Account, shewing the Nature of the Fees,

Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Sick and Wounded Office:

And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the Admiralty Office, taken for the Year 1782: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Annual incidental Charges incurred in the Navy Office, taken for the Year 1782:

And also,

N° 7. An Account of the incidental Charges incurred at the Ports of London, Portsmouth, Plymouth,

Chatham, and Dover, also at Gibraltar, on Account of Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, in the Year 1782:

And also,

N° 8. An Account, shewing the Annual incidental Charges incurred for the Office of Sick and Wounded Seamen, between the ift of January 1782 and 31st December following: And also,

N° 9. Establishment of the Admiralty Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 10. Establishment of the Civil Officers belonging to the Admiralty, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782: Anc also,

N* 11

493

13 Geo. III. 190 — 20° Junii.

N° 11. Establishment of the Navy Office, as it Hood at Michaelmas 1782: And all’o,

N° 12. Lift of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, and the Officers and Clerks employed tinder them at London, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Dover, and Gibraltar, with the Salaries and other Allowances paid to each, as they flood on the 29th of September, 1782: And also,

N° 13. Account of the Annual Expence of the Establillunent of the Sick and Hurt Office, as it stood on the 30th September 1782: And also,

N'° 14. Marine Establishment of the Admiralty Office, as it stood at Michaelmas 1782: And also,

N° 15. Account, shewing the Nature of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Marine Department of this Office: And also,

N° 16. An Account of all Fees received on Passports given to any Ships, from the 30th November 1782, at this Office, the Quantity of the fame, and the Distribution thereof.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts and Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the' said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Viflualliag A Petition of the Commissioners for Victualling His Office. Majesty’s Navy, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, I’hat the Petitioners perceive, by the printed Copy of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred, that several Matters have been stated to the said Committee as FaCls, highly reflecting on the Conduct and Character of the Petitioners, but which they are ready to prove wholly untrue, and that the Petitioners are desirous of having an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Answer to the Matters stated to the said Committee, which affect the Petitioners, and of adducing Evidence in Vindication of their Conduct and Character: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Answer to the Matters stated to the said Committee, which reflect on the Conduct and Character of the Petitioners, and may be permitted to produce Evidence in their Vindication, or that the House will make such other Order in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Elections — The other Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance^ House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Freeholders. jjoufe Upon the Bill for the more easy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires, and of certain other Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 39.

Veneris,20* die Junii;

Anno 230 Georgii III111 Regis, 1783.

RATERS.

"JOE SOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjournment, of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Townshend, Mr. William Victualling Jolliffe, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Keene, and Admiral ©Bice. Pigot, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Sidney Earl Limitation of of Leicestet' (most usually called John Sidney) respecting of the Bill now depending in the House, for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner lays claim at Law to several considerable Estates in Kent, Middlesex', Sussex, and South Wales, to the Amount of Five or Six thousand Pounds per Annum, as the only Son and Heir of the Right honourable Joceline and Elizabeth Sidney,

Earl and Countess of Leicester, deceased; and that the Petitioner’s said Father and Mother both died when he was an Infant, the said Earl in the Year 1743, when the Petitioner was about Five Years old, upon whose Dc-cease the said Dignity, Name, Stile, and Title of Earl of Leicester, devolved to the Petitioner; and the said Countels died in the Year 1747, when the Petitioner was about the Age of Nine Years; and that the Petitioner’s said Father was of the Established Church of England, and his Mother a Roman Catholic, and most greatly bigotted to that Religion; that the unlawfully endeavoured to secrete the Petitioner from the World, under the Name of Sharpe, in order to bring him up in the Principles of that Religion, with Intent afterwards of fending him Abroad to some of the Romish Seminaries, there to take up Holy Orders, which illegal Secretion and Intentions have, in a great Measure, been the Cause of his Misfortunes; and that on the Death of the said Earl Joceline, the Petitioner’s Two Cousins on his Father’s Side, Lady Mary Sherard, deceased.

Wife of Sir Broxcnlow Sherard, since also deceased, seized upon all the Petitioner’s Real Estates, under Pretence that he was a Baltard, and not born in lawful Matrimony; and on the Death of the said Countess, the Petitioner’s Aunt, Maty Morgan, deceased, who was the Petitioner’s Mother’s Sifter, and the Wife of Charles Morgan, Gentleman, since also deceased, seized upon all the Petitioner’s Maternal Estates, under the like Pretence; and that the Petitioner being deprived of all his Estates, and thus rendered entirely destitute in his Infancy by his own Relations, had it not in his Power when he came of Age, which was in the Year 1759, to contend for the Recovery of such Estates, of to support Suits at Law against his powerful Adversaries then in Possession of them, nor within Twenty Years after he came of Age, which Time expired in the Year 1779, whereby he is now deprived of the common Remedy of bringing Ejectments at Law for the Recovery of the Possession of such Estates, and is now under the absolute Necessity of bringing Writs of Right as the only legal Remedy for the Recovery of Inch his Paternal and Maternal Estates, and which Right, as it now stands under the present Statute Law, does not

6 K cease

494 29° J 178 j.

cease or expire till the Year 1803, which is Sixty Years from the Death of his said Father; and that, being now possessed of foine small Property, he has lately brought a Writ of Right against Elizabeth , Widow, for the Recovery of Place, Park,

and Premises, in the County of Kent, being Part only of the said Real Estates of the said deceased Earl, at the Trial of which Action, before Lord Chief Justice Loughborough, and the other Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, the said Elizabeth Perry set up an old Will of the Petitioner’s Father, the said Earl Joceline, under which no Possession of such Estates had eves gone, which Will was intended to have been made in Favour of his natural Daughter, but the Validity of which (he herself had formerly contested, both with respect to the Insanity of the said Earl, and the Informality of such Will at the Time of die Execution, and had thereby got Possession of such Premises during the Petitioner’s Infancy, under Pretence that (he was a Co-heiress at Law to such Estates; which several inequitable Circumstances have compelled the Petitioner to go into the High Court of Equity respecting such Penshurst Estates, and in which Court he is now proceeding with all possible Dispatch against the said Elizabeth Perry; and that the several other Parts of the Estates of the said deceased Earl and Countefe are in the Possession of many other Persons, but the Right of Property belongs to the Petitioner, and for the Recovery of which he has no other legal Remedy (the Possession being gone) but by Writs of Right, or by Bill in Equity (founded on such Right of Property) and against whom he intends to proceed with all pof-lible Dispatch; but, as Bills in Equity must be filed for the Discovery of great Part of the Premises, and of the Alienation of them, it will inevitably be a Work of a considerable Length of Time, according to the usual. Course of Chancery Causes, and impracticable to be accomplished by the First Day of November next, which is the utmost Time allowed for bringing Writs of Right, or other real Action, in the said Bill now depending in the House; and therefore, should such Bill pals into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioner conceives it will (without any Judicial Determination in the Courts ot Law of the Legality of the Petitioner’s Claim) tend in itself in a great Measure, if not altogether, to deprive the Petitioner of such his just Right (now m esse) of recovering his Paternal and Maternal Estates; and should that unfortunate same happen, it is most probable be never could otherwise possess but little Property to support the great Dignity of Peerage (the rewarded Achievements of his Ancestors): And therefore praying the House to take his same into their Consideration, that such Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form, but that all such Right as he may now have to proceed by Writ of Right, or other real Action, or in the High Court of Chancery, for Relief (grounded on such real Action or Actions) may be saved, protected, and defended, the same as if no such Act of Limitation bad ever been made; or that the Petitioner may be heard, by bim-self or Couniel, respecting the fame, or have such other Relief, in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, is recommitted; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing (b much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining " Sir Thomas Rsmbold, Baronet, and Peter

" Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Estates and Efiefts, " and preventing the transporting or alienating the " fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining " Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, " Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited " Time, and for discovering their Estates and Eftefts, " and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates.

Ordered, That Sir AdamFergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," to certain Cafes not therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kynwardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the belter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

Ordered, That General Conway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desirer their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

" vesting

Sale of Priit Goods*

Rumbold and Perring not to quit the Kingdom.

Rogues,

Vagabonds,

&c.

Earl of

Pembroke's

Estates.

Mutiny and Desertion.

African Forts and Settlements*

23 Geo. III. 20° Junii. 495

" vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, " in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon " the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee " and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, *' Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants

trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settletnents, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and *l for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to " Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting the " Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to veil, " as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all " other the British Forts and Settlements upon the " Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and *l Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, " and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and " their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing, " extending and improving the Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Land taken making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Mef- for securing fuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Yards*"* County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham: And that Mr. Minchin and Mr. Courtenay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give M®n«y Directions, that there be laid before this House, an on Addresses. Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Convia*. Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the- Expence of confining, maintaining and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.'

Lord John' Cavendish presented to the House, by Somerset His Majesty’s Command, House.

An Estimate of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, during the Course of the Year 1783.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

j

1

An ESTIMATE of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, during the Course of the Year 1783} viz.

To pay Arrears due to Tradesmen at Christmas 1782, exclusive of what remains of the Sums voted for the Service of the preceding Years, about -

£. s. d. 1,660-----

To finishthe Insides of the Navy, Stamp, Salt, Sick and Hurt, and Tax Offices; to cover' in the Navy Pay Office, Ordnance, Auditors, Pipe, Treasurers Remembrancers, Surveyor of Crown Lands, and Dutchies of Lancaster and Cornwall Offices; together with various Foundations and other Works proposed to be begun in the Course of the present Year -

23.540 -

Total wanted for the Service of 1783 - - - 25,000----

William Chambers.

American Loyal isis.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Agents of His Majesty’s Loyal Subjects late belonging to the several Provinces of New Hampshire, Massachuset'sBay, Rhode Island, New

York, New Jersey, Pensylvama, Maryland, Virginia, Vo L.39.

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, on Behalf of themselves and the said Loyal Subjects, being offered to be presented to the House;

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recomr mends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then

L*oo£ie

496 20° JuniA. 1783.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, at the Commencement of the late War in America, great Numbers of the Inhabitants, and amongst them some of the first Characters, Fortune, and Consequence, were actuated by the purest Principles of Loyalty to their Sovereign, by a grateful Sense of the Happiness they enjoyed under the British Government, and by an Abhorrence of every Measure which tended to destroy the Union between Great Britain and her Colonies; and, impressed with this just Sense of their Duty as Subjects, they either openly opposed, or steadily refused, during the whole Progress of the Contest, to join in the Measures which have since unfortunately terminated in a Dismemberment of the Empire; and that, - notwithstanding many Allurements held out to seduce them from their Allegiance, and a Variety of Losses and Distress sustained in consequence of their Loyalty, their Zeal for restoring the Authority of the Crown, and preferring the Union between the Two Countries, remained not only undiminished, but was greatly stimulated by the Hopes of Protection and Relief, founded on a Series of Acts and Resolutions of the British Parliament, on a Proclamation published in His Majesty’s Name at St. James's, on a Variety of other Proclamations and Declarations published in America by His Majesty’s Commissioners and Generals acting under the Authority of Parliament, and on many Letters from His Majesty’s confidential Servants, calling on the Loyalists to assist in fopprefling the Rebellion, and giving the moll solemn Assurances that they might depend, at all Events, on I Its Majesty’s Paternal Regard and Protection; and that, repoling the fullest Confidence in thel'e Royal and National Assurances, many Thousands, who were attached to the Government of Great ,joined

His Majesty’s Troops, and inrolled in His Service; and, by the Evacuation of Boston, Philadelphia, Rhode Island, Nexc Jersey, Virginia, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, many of the principal Inhabitants, who had taken an open and decided Part, in Obedience to the Calls of their Sovereign, were obliged to abandon their Families and Estates, and to seek an Alylum in the King’s Garrisons, or in some other Part of His Dominions; and that these unfortunate Men, in consequence of their Fidelity to the Crown, have been attainted, and their Estates confiscated, by Laws passed by the Legislatures of the several American States; that there were others who, on the same Account, suffered under those Laws an ignominious Death; others who fell in the Service of their Country, leaving their helpless Widows, and Orphans destitute of the Means of Subsistence; and others, a very respectable Number of Military and Civil Officers, Clergy, and Professional Men, at present in a distressed Situation, who can never be reinstated in their Offices or Professions; and that they conceive, as the Preservation of a Part of the Empire has, by the Events of War, been rendered impossible, the Losses liiftained, and the Sacrifices made by the State for the Public Safety of the Property of Individuals, who have been solemnly called upon by their Sovereign, and have particularly distinguished themselves by their Zeal in the Common Cause, ought, by the Principles of Natural Justice, and the fundamental Laws of the British Government, to be equitably distributed among, and borne by, the whole Society: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as their peculiarly hard and distressing Situation may appear to merit, and permit them to be heard, by Counsel,. at the Bar of the House, should it be found necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; 0

A Motion was made, That the Account of the Number of Widows of each Rank of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy entitled to the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, distinguishing the Classes to which they belong, together with an Account of what Money has been paid to a Widow of each Oafs, from the Year 1772 to the Year 1782; distinguishing each Year, with an Account of the respective Sums that have been Annually or otherwise reserved, with the Application thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to their Consideration to make l'uch Provision for the Relief of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, described in the said Account, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Orders and Rules established by His Majesty, for the Government of the Corporation of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rel'olution; which they had directed him to report, and had all’o directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fatne.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

23 Geo. III. 200- — 23 497

Exportation The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second ot Brats. Reading of the Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coast-wife, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of sundry Merchants and Manufacturers in the Town of , on behalf of

themselves and others, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shrevfhury Act for the more caly and speedy Recovery of Small Small Debt*. Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop;without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jolmby to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right Inclosure-of Common upon certain W'afte Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates, within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from iirafc

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the ported. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " Honourable the House of Commons, dated 18th " June 1783, relating to the Quantities of Brass in the.

" Ingot entered for Exportation, from the lit January " 1700 to the 5th January 1783."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mutiny and Desertion*

Scotland — Relief of the Poor*

Lunce, 23° die Junii;

Anno 23* Georgii III,u Regis, 1783.

Prate as.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to afiefs and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop of Corn; and to enable.His Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament,- by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties, for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen; wituoht any Amendment: And also.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Half Pay. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Y’ear 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the further Charge of El a If Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty s Land Forces, for the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General

Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th 1783

to 24th June following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers late in the Service of the States General, from 5th January 1783 to 24th December following, both indu-five, being 354 Days.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Estimates were read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39-

6 L ESTIMATE

49

A. 1783

Half Pv*

23* Junii.

ESTIMATE of the Chaise of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1783.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

d. £. s. d.

Tor reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th

December 1782 to 24th December 1783, inclusive - 213 13 2 77,985 5 10

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - »7 2 3i3 5 10

For the Annual Allowances to Seven private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th

Troops of Horse Guards, at 10/. per Annum each - — 70

For 18 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7

per Diem each - —; 10 6 191 12 6

Tota 1 1 L* 78,560 4 2

"War Office,

23d June 1783.

R. Ftiz.

ESTIMATE of the further Charge of Half Pay to reduced Officers of His Majafly’s Land Forces,

for the Year 1783.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for different Periods, for upon Account -

Charge.

'?83,\ £ -\ 47,500

War Office, 23d June 1783.

It. Fitz Patrick.

ESTIMATE

43 Geo. Ill

2 30 Junil

499

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from 25th April Half Pay.

1783 to 24th June following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

General and General Staff Officers

Charge for 61 Days,

£ 2,760 u 3

War Office,

23d June 1783.

R. Fitz Patrick,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers late in the Service of the States General, from 5th January 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 354 Days.

Charge for 354 Days.

For Officers late in the Service of the States General, from 5th January 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive - -

'}*

3.513 9 —

War Office,

23d June 1783. R. Fits Patrick.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Limitation of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House RHat.0* to re *ve 'tklf into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Bill for the furdier Limitation

of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vo t. 39.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Losses by (be Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer by Riots-Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, which remained in his Hands of 5,200l. granted by Parliament (for making good to lundry Persons the Damages sustained by them by the Riots) in the Year 1781, and whose Losses did '

not exceed 100l.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com* Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him - to report to the House; which he read in his Place; ami afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Supply

Cotton and Linen Manufactures.

Land taken for securing the Dock Y ards.

500 23° yunit. A. 1783.

That the present Provision for the poor Widows of Lord Cavendish acquainted the House, That he Meflkge fro*

Captains, Lieutenants, and Mnfters, in His Majesty’s had a Mefi’age from His Majesty to this House, signed thr King-Navy, is precarious and inadequate to their comfortable by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the Efta-Support. House, and it was read by Mr. Speaker; all the blitlmient.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Members of the House being uncovered; and is as

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committtee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take the same of the poor Widows of Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, of His Majesty’s Navy into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support, in Addition to the Proportion which they are at present entitled to of the Three Pence in the Pound on the Pay of Commission and Warrant Officers, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, when such Proportion shall not amount to Forty-five Pounds per Annum for a Captain’s Widow, and Thirty Pounds per Annum for a Lieutenant’s and Master’s Widow, as His Majesty, in His great Wisdom, shall think fit, so as that the said Annuity, including the aforesaid Proportion of the Three Pence in the Pound, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, to each Captain’s Widow, shall not exceed Forty-five Pounds per Annum, and to each Lieutenant’s and Master’s

Widow Thirty Pounds per Annum; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take the same of the poor Widows of Captains, Lieutenants, and Masters, of His Majesty’s Navy into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support, in Addition to the Proportion which they are at present entitled to of the Three Pence in the Pound on the Pay of Commission and Warrant Officers, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men. when such Proportion shall not amount to Forty-five Pounds Annum for a Captain’s Widow, and Thirty Pounds per Annum for a Lieutenant’s and Master’s Widow, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think fit, so as that the said Annuity, including the aforesaid Proportion of the Three Pence in the Pound, and of the Wages and Victuals of the Widows Men, to each Captain’s Widow, shall not exceed Forty-five Pounds per Annum, and to each Lieutenant’s and Master’s Widow Thirty Pounds per Annum;and to allure His Majesty, that this House

will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Molt honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials uled in the said Manufactures.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to velt certain Mt Ullages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

02

followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, reflecting on the Propriety of a separate Establishment for His Dearly Beloved Son the Prince of Wales, recommends the Consideration thereof to this House; relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons for such Aid towards making that Establishment, as thall appear confilient with a due Attention to the Circumstances of His People, every Addition to whose Burthens His Majesty feels with the most fenfihle Concern. ~ „

(jr* it.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave he given to brins in a Bill Regulating for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of t^p It* ceipt His Majesty’s Exchequer: And that Lord John Ca- chequer*' vendish and Mr. Secretary Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Commission*. last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for e.rs of Pul,l,c

7 ' A rrnnnfc-

" further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the Public " Accounts of the Kingdom j and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants which may " be applied to the Public Service, and what Defects " there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, ifiiiing, and accounting for, Public Money,

" and in what more expeditious and effectual and lei's " expensive Manner the said Services can in future " be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the " Public," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Provisions of Three

° c5 o

Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-firtt, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom:

And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Kir. Sheridan, and Mr.

Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sta,nP

franting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties* Juries upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and allb, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 14. 1. 6. by inferring after the Word " Agreement," the Words " for any Lease, Eftute,

" Interest,

aj Geo. III. 23° — 24°

5° *

" Interest of Freehold, or Terms of Years, of, in, to,

" or out of any Messuages, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, except Agreements for not " more than Three Years, and whereupon the Rent reserved to the Landlord during such Term shall amount * to Two-Third Parts at the least of the full improved " Value of the Thing demised."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His’ Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House jvieans. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Stage Coach Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Dut>- Duty upon Stage Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Exportation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Brass. whole House, upon the Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the F.ighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elires took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elxcesreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, die Junii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1783.

Prate rs.

AM E S S A G E by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uffier of the Black Rod: r Mr. Speaker,

Royal a (Tent The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-

to Bills. midion for declaring His Royal Assent to several A fits agreed upon by.both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

Vol. 39.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-firb of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty s Commission aforementioned, bad been at the iloiifc of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal AlTent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Portland, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household, and the Earl of Mansfield, nariied also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, Intituled, " An Act for charging a Stariip Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Prorniflory Notes, or other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of ExChahge, Proinifl’ory, and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the " Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty s " Forces."

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act u for further Poniffiment of Vagabonds calling the mselves Egyptians.1’

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, toafless and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have beerl reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year's Crop of Corn; and to enable His Majesty, during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties, for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more eft’eftual the Laws " relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," to certain Cafes not therein mentioned.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of The Holy Trinity in the said Town; for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in rel'pect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staitbs in the said Act described, and for other Purposes.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Tfent, from a Place called Perry, in the Coun-

ties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gains-

6 M

Royal Afltnt

to Bills*

502

24° JuniL

A. 1783.

borough, in the County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horles.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's in the County of Staff ord, to Broadwater Fire and Six Colla-

teral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and also, a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tanmorth, in the said County of with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham.

An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River alias

Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancasterand for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act, for incorporating and consolidating the said Two Navigations, and for other Purposes.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

An Act for widening the North Wed End of Fenchurch Street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within the City of London.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majestys Reign, for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cm Dmn, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George the Fird, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the Tw'cnty-ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trul-tees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Road from The Great Northern Road at Islington, to The Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts.

An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Adigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kynwardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bed-uyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norjolk, and others, to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tenements, Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, London, and the College of Doctors of Law exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of London, called Doctors Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by Leases for Years, in the said College in Fee Simple, and reserving the reout a certain Yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, for ever.

An Act to enable Sir William Abdy, Baronet, to grant Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey.

An Act for vesting such Parts of the real Estates of James Templer, Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts, and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Luther, Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

An Act to vest in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams, Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trulls and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Southampton.

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes oiOdstock, Homington, West Harnham, and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby.

An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, uling, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame.

An Act to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain customary Estates, within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew Bayn-iun, Esquire, with Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol.

An Act for naturalizing Margaretta Wale

and Mary Pemberton.

Mr. Elwes, according to Order, reported from the Exportation Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill °* Biafs. to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the liune Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the 07 Committee

Expiring Law a.

Land taken lor feeuring the Dock Yards.

Land taken for securing the Dock Yards.

Supply Bill

Medicine

Duties.

23 Geo. III.

Committee had made to the Bill, tmd which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for opening and " establishing certain Ports in the Blands of Jamaica " and Dominica, for the more free Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of " opening, maintaining, securing, and improving such " Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon " the Importation of Goods from the said Bland of " Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the " Duties upon Goods imported from the said IOand into any other British Colony," which said Act was, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, continued and amended, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, so far as relates to the Bland of Dominica.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vetting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Farersham:And that Mr. Mr.

Courtenay, Mr. Adam, and Mr. Kenrick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

; Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Vol. 39.

S03

Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Supply Bill; Duty upon Stage Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Land taken Order, a Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, for secur‘n2. Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the y^. c further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty several Supply Bill; additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parch- Stamp ment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Ex- utie*‘ emptions from the Stamp Duties, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to exempt from the Duty of Six Shillings (itnposed by the Act on Agreements) certain Memorandums and Agreements entered into for the Purposes therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank \ wluch being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Limitation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Writs of consider further of the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Arden reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of the Right honourable John Sidney, Earl of Leicester (moll usually called John Sidney) referred to the said Committee, and had heard the Petitioner thereupon; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Arden accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments,

24° Junii.

t

1

1

1

1

1

1

Cf»mmissioners of Public Accounts.

American

Luyalilts.

Duties on Malt for Private LTe.

Cotton and Linen Manufactures.

Answer to Adtlrefr.

5°4

24° — 25° Junii. A. 1783.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendment?, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and l'tate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That lb much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the ,5th Day of December last, as relates to the American Sufferers, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Circumstances of such Perl'ons as are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Dissentions in;

and that Lord John Cavendish, the Lord North, and Mr. Secretary Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking away from the Commissioners of Excile in England and Scotland the Power of compounding with Perl'ons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the* Materials used in the said Manufactures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroftr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25° die Junii;

Anno 23* Georgii III’" Regis, 1783. Peayebs.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint

this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Earl Ludlow'&](o reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (to beseech His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to take the same of the poor Widows of Captains, Lieutenants, and Matters of His Majesty’s Navy, into His Consideration, and to make such farther and certain Provision for their Support as His Majesty shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Ploufe, that he will give Directions as defiled by the said Address.

A Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tene- x,an(j taj.eri ments, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further for securing securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at the Dock Portsmouth, and for the more lafe and convenient carry- ^ar<ls’ ing on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in the Exportation Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Hairy the Eighth, of Brati. and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brass from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal certain Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, so far as they prohibit the Exportation of Brals from this Kingdom, or carrying the same Coastwise, and for laying a Duty upon Brass exported from Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Daubcny do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Stage Coach upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty

5°5

23 Geo. III. 25° — 26" Junii.

Supply Bill; ^1* (Heine UuUes.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Fart India Aridirs.

Duties on alt for Private ITe.

Duty upon Stage Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, he now read.

Ami the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Licences, to he taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-firi't, and Twentysecond Years of the Reign of His present Majesty’, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and ltate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Richard Smith from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them' referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, he printed, as shall be luffi-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking away from the Commissioners of Lxcifc in England and Scotland the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to he consumed in their own private Families, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for altering the present Composition for making of Malt.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vo 1.. 39.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question w’as proposed, American That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters of Service, and Copies or Extracts of Letters from any of His Majesty’s Ministers to the Commanders in Chief in America, or elsewhere, by virtue of which the several Provincial Corps of Americans, or other Corps on Foreign Service, were raised.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Corps not Account of what Corps have been raised for His Mi- *|^l*k£to jesty’s Service in Great Britain or Ireland, not entitled 1 a to Rank or Half Pay upon Reduction.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply* whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 6° die Anno 23* Georgii I. III"1 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Han well the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Inclosur*. intituled, An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 4. Leave out from " Parish " to " And " in Pr. 8. I. 35, and insert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas it hath been agreed

" that Seventy-one Quarters of " good marketable Wheat, according to the Average Price of 6N " Wheat

1

J

1

u

26° Junii.

A\ 1783.

Wheat in the County of Oxford, " during the last Seven Years, are " equal in Value to the said Annual " Rent, or Yearly Sum of One " hundred and Forty-six Pounds, " so stipulated to be paid in lieu of " all Tythes and other Payments, " except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, due " and belonging to the said Eduard u Locku ood, and the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being; " Be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any " Time after the Expiration of (c Twenty-one Years from the said " Twenty-eighth Day of October " next, or at any Time after the " Expiration of Twenty-one Years, " from the ascertaining and fixing " the Average Price of Wheat within the said County of Oxford, by " the Justices of Assize as herein after mentioned, the said Rebtor, " or the Owners or Proprietors of " the greatest Part of the Lands " and Estates within the said Parish, (hull, by Writing under their " Hands, apply to the Justices of " Assize, at any of their Assizes to " be holden for the said County, " and shall signify their Desire to " have the Average Price of Wheat " again enquired of and ascertained, that then the said Justices of " Atfize shall, and are hereby required, at the same Assize, or at " the next Assize, at the farthest, to " be holden for the said County, to enquire of, ascertain, and fix the " Average Price of good marketable Wheat within the said County. for the Term of Seven Years " next preceding fuel) Application; " and after such Average Price u shall have been so ascertained and " fixed, the Amount of all future " Payments of the said Yearly " Rent or Stipend, shall be equal " to the Value of the said Quantity " of Wheat, according to the Average Price which shall have been " last ascertained and fixed thereon " by the Justices of Assize; and lo " from Time to Time, as often as " any such Application shall be " made as aforesaid; provided such " Application be not made before " the Expiration of Twenty-one " Years, from the Time any such " Average Price shall have been " ascertained and fixed, in pursuance " of this Act; and the said Rebtor " shall and may have and exercise " fuel) and the same Powers and " Remedies for recovering the said " respective Yearly Rents or Sums "of Money, when the same shall " be in Anrear, as by Law are

" provided and given to Landlords for the Recovery of Rack " Rents in Arrear."

Clause (B.) " And, the better to enable the said

" Justices of Assize to ascertain the " Average Price of the said Wheat;

" be it further Enabled, That it " shall be lawful for the said Justices of Assize, or any One of " them, by Writing under their " Hands, to summon and call before them, at such Time and " Place as shall be mentioned in " such Summons, all such Witnesses " as they shall think necessary and " proper to be examined, in order " to the better ascertaining and " fixing the Value of the said Wheat;

" and all Persons who shall be (b " summoned, shall and are hereby " required to appear before the " said Justices of Assize, or any One " of them, pursuant to such Summons, and to be sworn and give " Evidence touching the Matters " before mentioned."

Pr. 9. 1. 1. After " Pounds" inl'ert " or the Value of Seventy-one Quarters of " Wheat as aforesaid."

Pr. 12. 1. 25. After " Year" insert " or the Value " of Seventy-one Quarters of Wheat " as aforesaid."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordtliips.

The House being informed that Mr. Rughson, from the Money i<T»ed Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; on Adda is. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addreflls of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Hughson also, from the Exchequer, presented to Convict*. the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell,

Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convibis, on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer n.imujps by by Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, which remained in his the Itwts. Hands, of 5,200l. granted by Parliament (for making good to sundry Persons the Damages sustained by them by the Riots) in the Year 1781, and whose Lolfes did not exceed 100 /.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followed);

To

23 Geo. Ill

2 6° Junii.

5°7

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant ta the Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by( Parliament;

To John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of

printing the Journals of the House of Commons, &c. -

To William Evatt, Esquire, towards further defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provioces of Bengal, Babar, and Orissa -To Henry Hughs, Esquire, in full Satisfaction for defraying the Expences attending the printing of Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, &c. -

To George White, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and the present Condition of the british Possessions in those Parts To D®, for D®, under the Direction of the Chairman of the said Committee, &c. -To John Nichols, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of the

House of Commons ——

To Mr. Pratt, to be paid to John Nichols, Esquire, for printing and delivering Votes, Anno 1781 To Mr. Herbert, to be paid to Mr. Bacon, in further Part of the Expence of erecting a Monument to the Memory of Lord Chatham -

To Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bafonet, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, and Dr. Thomas Bawdier, for Penitentiary Houses -

£. s. d.

800-----

500-----

6,448 4 —

500-----

500-----

368-----

370 -

750 -

1,000-----

11,236 4 —

Exchequer, the 26th Day of June 1783.

John Hughson.

V

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts ou the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Fourteen thousand Four hundred Fifty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, viz.

s. d.

Between the gth of May 1782 and the 5th of April 1783 - - 11,744 16 9

Between the 5th of April 1783 and the 20th of June following - - 2,708 — 6

- .....

<£ 14,452 17 3

Exchequer, the 26th Day of June 1783.

John Hughson.

Vo l. 59.

To

Highland Roads and Bridgss.

0.6° Junii. A. 1783.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bufgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Exchequer by Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, which remained in his Hands of Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament (for making good to sundry Persons the Damages sustained by them by the Riots) in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and whole LolTes did not exceed One hundred Pounds.

The Money paid into the Exchequer by Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, which remained in his Hands of Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament (for making good to sundry Persons the Damages sustained by them by the Riots) in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and whole LolTes did not exceed One hundred Pounds, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Forty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the 26th Day of June 1783.

John Hughsoru

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in The Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1783, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Corps raised on the British Establishment, the Officers of which were not entitled by the Letters of Service to have Rank or Half Pay upon Reduction.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selliou; and the laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

Corps not entitled to Half Pay.

23 Geo. III.

a 6° Junii.

509

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1783, pursuant to the Orders of lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

To a Party to work on the Roads from Fort Augullus, towards Bernera; and from Fort William by Fort Augudus to Inverness j and from Fort Augustus over Corriarick to Dalwhinny; confiding of Two Serjeants, at 1 sh. each per Diem, Two Corporals, at 8 each, and Forty Private Men at 6d. each, for 92 Days ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Lime, and incident Expences -To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, by Lochernhead to Stirling; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Twenty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Tyndrom, by Dalmallie, to Inverary; and from Inverary to Tarbet, through Glenfallach; confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c.

To a Party to work on the Road from Dumbarton, by Luis, to Tarbet; confiding of One Serjeant,

One Corporal, and Eighteen Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Sixteen Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Creed and Amellrie, to Taybridge; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Twenty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness, by Pitmean, to Dalwhinny; and from Dalnacar-doch to Taybridge; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Twenty Private Men, at the said Rates, for 92. Days -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Dalnacardoch, by Blair in Athol, to Dunkeld, and through Strathbran to Amellrie; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Twenty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through Strathspey by Corgarff Barracks, Braemar Castle, and Blairgowrie, to Cupar Angus; confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Forty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Strathbogie, by Keith to Fochabers and Speyfide; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Sixteen Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road in Glenap, between Ballantree and Stranraer; confiding of One Serjeant, One Corporal, and Twelve Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port Patrick To Ensign M'Corkell, William Taylor, Alexander M'Leod, David Robertson, John , John Todd,

George Beverly, John Bilsland, and Thomas Young, Overseers -

BRIDGES:

To rebuild an Arch of 65 Feet over the Water of Nairn, near Inverness -To rebuild an Arch of 40 Feet, at Boath, near Duley Bridge, towards Fort George -To build an Arch of 12 Feet upon a new Cut of Road near Dalnacardoch, towards Dalwhinny -To build Four Arches of 6 Feet each, upon the aforesaid new Cut of Road To build an Arch of 30 Feet, between Athol House and Dunkeld -

To repair Bridges from Inverness to Taybridge -

To repair D* from Dalnacardoch, by Blair in Athol, to Dunkeld, and through Strathbran to Amellrie To repair Bridges from Fort George by Blairgowrie to Cupar Angus -To repair D* worn Fort Augudus to Bernera, and from Fort William, by Fort Augudus, to Inverness, and from Fort Augudus, over Corriarick, to Dalwhinny -

To repair Bridges from Stirling to Taybridge, and from the Bridge of Allan, by Lochernhead, over the Black Mountain to Fort William -

To repair Bridges from Stirling to Dumbarton ——

To repair D° from Dumbarton, by Luis and Tarbet, to Inverary, and from Tarbet, up Lochlomond-side through Glenfallach, to Tyndrom, and from thence by Dalmallie to Inverary -

To repair Bridges from Strathbogie to Fochabers and Speyfide -

To repair D° from Castle Grant to Avemere ——

To repair D* in Glenap, between Ballantree and Stranraer -

To repair the Foundation of Dumbarton Bridge -

To James Kyle's Annual Salary, as Mader Mason, for inspecting and superintending the Building of Bridges upon the Military Roads, including Horse Hire -

To complete the Military Road, called The Pad of the Pease -

War Office, 26th June 1783.

R. Fitx Patrick*

Vol. 39.

Total -

60

£. d.

107 6 8

41 16 —

53 *3 4

22 8 1"

7o 10 4

22 12 —

49 1 4

22 5 —

44 9 4

22 2 2

53 13 4

22 8

53 13 4

22 8

53 13 4

22 8

107 6 8

41 9 2

44 9 4

22 2 2

35 5 4

2 17 2

1,400 — —

225 16 —

515 l6 6

130 — —

18 — —

42 — —

100 — —

158 18 4

127 5 8

158 18 4

158 18 4

158 18 4

127 5 8

158 18 4

78 10 —

78 10 —

78 10 —

120 7 —

55 — —

500 —

5,329 10 6'

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Stage Coach Duty.

Frauds in the landing, Scc. of Wine.

ii>

Jumi*

A. 1783.

Ordered, That l!he said Eftitriate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Metubers of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, 'to whotn it Was referred to consider further of Ways add Mftirts for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and 'afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; 'viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, fnade in the Sixth Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for opening and " establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica " and Dominica, for the more free Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods and Merc hand ires; for " granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of " opening, maintaining, securing, and Improving such " Ports; for ascertainin^ the Duties to be paid upon " the Importation of Goods from the said Island df " Dominica irito this Kingdom; and for securing the " Duties upon Goods imported from tlte said island " into any otlfer British Colony," Which filid Act 'was, by another A & made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, fcOntinued 'arid amended, :is expired, and nt to be revived and continued, so far as relates to the Island of Dominica.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the'Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Ord and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches and bther Carriages ‘therein mentioned, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, Anti Which they had directed him'to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 'afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; And then a'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fcvdrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That Leave be ‘given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Sloane, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North prefenfed to die House, by His Majesty’s Coirimand,

N° 1. -Extract of a Letter fro m_ Sir Henry'Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 25th February

1779. Received 9th April; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Report of a Board of General Officers, relative to the Provincial Forces: And also,

N* 3., Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 13th May 1779. Received 22d June: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Sir' Guy Carleton to the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, dated New York, 15th March 1783. Received 20th April-, inclosing,

N° 5. Memorial of Officers commanding Provincial Corps.

Together with a List of the said Papfert.

And 'the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the 'laid Papets do We Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers ttre preferred atadngft the Other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That the Order -of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, Medicine upon the Bill for grafting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty uties'

'on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under focli Licences, Or under the Atitho-

Pity of Mis Majesty’s Letters Paterit, lbe how read.

-And the fcrid 'Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the fttid Committee.

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. (Ord tOek the Chair of the Gdmmiftee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, ThAt they had gdhe through the { Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to reteive the fame.

Ordered, ThAtille jReport be received To-mdrmw ’Morriing.

Mr. Ord, Actor ding to Order; reported from the Supply. Committee Of the ’Whole -House, to 'whom it Was referred to consider further of the Supply, granted to His Majesty, the Resolution whidh the Committee had directecl him to report to the House; which he 'read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followOth; viz.

' Resolved, That it is the’Opinion'Of this Committee,

That the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to make a separate Establishment for His 'Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

"Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contraditerite.

Mr. Ord, according 'to Order, reported from 'the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fot Malt for taking away from the Comtnilffioners df E-xtife in Private Uft. England and Scotland-the Power of compounding with Perl'ons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in -at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; -and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, -according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates Duties on and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Wagg°ns-such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Exoife: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second-Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill importation for the more effectual preventing the illegal Impor- of foreign tation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to sPir, ts> *c-the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making s of

Cotton and Linen Manu-tadurei.

Preservation of King’s rl imbtr.

American

Corps.

Land taken for fc-curing the Dock Yards.

Ditto,

33 <3EO. III. 26° - — t'f Junii. 511

of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining such Part of the A ftimpofing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; (to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the daft Seflkm of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officere <of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes: And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surra/, Mr. Frederick

Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sheridan, and Mr. Qrd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials used in the said Manufactures, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for -the Increase and (Preservation of His Majesty’s Wood and Timber, and Supply of the Royal Navy therewith; and for the better Regulation of certain Forests, Chaces, Parks, Waites, Woods, anti Wood Grounds belonging to His Majesty: And that Mr. Morton Pitt and the Lord Althorpe do prepare,-and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Dates of the several Beating Orders, or Letters of Service, or other Authorities, under which any Provincial Corps have been raised in America, or the West India Islands, since the Commencement of the late War.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a 'Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trafteesyfor the further securing His Majesty’s 'Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27° die Jynii;

Anno 23* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

JOESOLVFjD, Thait this House will, at the Rising Adjournment.

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning newt.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. S(>eaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sale of for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses iu Prize Goods, this Kingdom, fctr which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed :to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drawback on to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Custoras Rlce> &c-upon the Exportation of Rioe.; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pains, Ac. on to provide ithat the Proceedings on the Bill now de- Rumboldand pending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Perr‘nS-Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, JBaronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counseliors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Saint

George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued ;by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rumboldand for further continuing To much of an Act, passed in the Perring not Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- £\1u'tthe jesty, intituled, "An Act for reltraining Sir Thomas °m‘

" Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from " going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time, and " for.discovering their Estates and Effects, And preventing the transporting or alienating, the fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective Real Estates; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for QuietiDg quieting Patrons, under certain Circumstances, in the Position of Possession of their Rights of Patronage; and forindeipr Rights of nifyiDg the Subject against certain 'Penalties, Forfeitures, Patrouage-Disabilities, and lEcdefiastical Censures; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ord presented to the’House, according to Order, Jamaica, a Bill to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, &c. Fre* made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign Ports* of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the Island of Dominica: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read.a Second Time.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, by His Ma- Lands taken jessy’s Command, for securing

An Account of the Coll of the Lands taken for the 1Jock Fortifications at Chatham: And also, ' ards'

An Account of the Cost of Lands taken for the Use of the Powder Mills at Faversham: And also,

Vol. 39. An

Land taken

for securing the Dock Y ards.

Ditto.

512

27 0 Jrnii.

A. 1783.

An Estimate of the Cod of Lands taken, and to be taken, for the Fortifications near for the Secu-

rity of His Majesty’s Docks and Stores at Portsmouth.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham, is committed.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts, together with the said Estimate, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of sham, is committed.

The said Accounts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Storer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Storer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, and for the more* safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Storer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Storer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Medicine for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Li- Duties* cences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences',' or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Better Return the more effectual Return of Juries, within the County of Juries, 4c. of Middlesex, and particularly the Bills of Mortality, and the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancreas, and Saint Luke's, at Chelsea, and to settle the Fees to be taken by the Officers belonging to the Sheriffs of the City of London, and the Sheriff of Middlesex, on Bail Bonds, and to regulate the Sale of Goods taken in Execution by the Sheriffs of the City of London, and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex: And that Sir JVatkin Lewes and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an act- Supply Bill; ditional Duty upon Stage Coaches and other Carriages Stag* Coach therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. Duties.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Supply Bill; Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Duties on Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Ma- Wa£S°DI> c-nagement of the Commissioners of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Eighty His Majesty’s Command, Independent

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Savings on the " Sums voted for the Charge of Eighty Independent " Companies of Foot, for the Year 1782."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

STATE

23 Geo. Ill

5*3

27° Junii.

S T AT.E of the Savings on the Sums voted for the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies of Foot

for the Year 1782.

Saving on 25 Companies not raised, at 5 /. 8 s.2 d. each per Diem, for 365 £,. d.

Days -..... 49.351 — 10

D* on 8 Companies not raised, at 5 /. 5 s.8 d. each per Diem, D* - - 15,427 6.8

D* on 8 Companies, from 25th December 1781 to their respective Commencements on the Establishment - - - - -' - - 3,347 15 2

D* on 47 Companies reduced to a lower Establishment, from 25th August 1782 to 24th December following - -- -- - 9,266 18 4

Total of Savings.....£. 77,393 —

From which deduct, to be applied towards defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Additional to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1782, as Hated in a former Estimate - ---- 8,647 15 4

Remains to be applied - 68,745 5 8

War Office, 27th June 1783.

R. Fitz Patrick.

American

Corps.

Allowing Adjutant General to frank Letters.

Ditto.

Limitation of Writs of Right.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. North presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Lift of Provincial Corps in North America under the Command of Sir Guy with the Times

when they were raised: And also,

N° 2. Abstract of Orders given to Governors and Commanders in Chief for railing Corps in America and The West Indies.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Postage: And that General Conway and Mr. Richard Smith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

General Conway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Limita-

tion of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aflfc Quieting for quieting Patrons, under certain Circumstances, in Possession of the Poftfession of their Rights of Patronage; and for in- ^,8hts of demnifying the Subject against certain Penalties, For- autmaSe-feitures, Disabilities, and Ecclesiastical Censures, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Relief of

Majesty’s Command, Civilofficers,

An Account of the Monies iftfued at the Receipt of Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of lundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, between the 29th of March 1782 and the 26th of June 1783-

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Y01. 59,

6 P

An

514

a? Jvnii

A. 1783.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Monies issued at the Receipt of Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil list Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, between the 29th of March 1782 and the 26th of June 1783;

a.

To Mihoord Rowe, Esquire, between the 29th of March 1782 and 5th of April 1783 - - 45,28b 17 —

To Samuel Remnant, Esquire, between the 5th of April 1783 and the of June following - 31,562 19 6

76,849 16 6

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the faitl Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convidls on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, during the Course of the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of this House the making such Compensation to the said Commissioners as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Officers of His Majesty’s Board of Works, and others, for their Trouble and Expences in surveying and estimating the Losses and Damages occasioned by the Riots in the Year 1780.

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the making a proper Compensation to the Officers of His Majesty’s Board of Works, and others, for their Trouble and Expences in surveying and efti-3

mating the Losses and Damages occasioned by the Riots in the Year 1780.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Officers of His Majesty’s Board of Works, and others, for their Trouble and Expences in surveying and estimating the Losses and Damages occasioned by the Riots in the Year 1780.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Pavement " in, and for lighting feme of the Streets, Lanes, " Ways, and Places, in the Parishes of Saint -

" ret and Saint John the Evangelist, in,

" which are at present excluded from the Provisions " of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more eft'eftual several Acts made relating to paving, " cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, " and other Places, within the City and Liberty of " Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame; " and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, " and widening feme Part of Wood Street, and of Little " Peter Street," was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in The Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1783, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Charge of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers late in the Service of the States General, from 5th January 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 354 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great , from

25th

Ways and Means.

Cotton and Linen Manufactures.

23 Geo. III. 270 — 30° Junii.

5i5

25th April 1783 to 24th June following both indu-five, being 61 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Brereton, late Governor of the City and District of Cavite, and Commander of His Majesty’s Ships stationed at The Philippine Islands, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of allowing Half Pay to certain Provincial Corps who served with His Majesty’s Troops during the late War in America.

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the making an Allowance of Half Pay to certain Provinrial Corps who served with His Majesty’s Troops during the late War in America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing Half Pay to certain Provincial Corps who served with His Majesty’s Troops during the late War in America.

Ordered, That the Lift of Provincial Corps in North America, under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, with the Times when they were raised, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Abstract of Orders given to Governors and Commanders in Chief for railing Corps in America and The West Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were Yesterday presented to the House, by the Lord North, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 28th Day of March last, by Mr. Slrachey, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it w as referred to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials used in the said Manufactures.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 39.

Luna, 30° die Junii;

Anno 23® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Truro Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Henry Esquire,

deceased.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Debtors thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners for Debt in the Petition. County Gaol of the County of Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Otxlered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, Jamaica, *c-made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign *ree Ports' of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the Island of Dominica, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Adjutant General of His Ma- Allowing

jesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Packets Adjutant

free from the Duty of Postage, was read a Second Gen. to frank m* Letters*

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do make the Report from Land taken the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for (Vcuring for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and ^eDock Hereditaments in Trustees, for the further securing His Yar s‘ Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, was committed.

Mr. Minchin accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Commissioners of the Ordnance to make, within a limited Time, a Specification of the Lands intended to be taken.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered,

i6 30 0 Junii.A. 1783.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Land taken Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report

for securing from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Yard*>0Ck l^e Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of purchased in pur-

fuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better l'ecuring His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham, was committed.

Mr. Afinchin accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Message from Lord John Cavendish acquainted the House, That the King — he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to or 0 ney. House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followed); viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having taken into His Royal Consideration the many eminent and signal Services performed by George Badges Rodney Lord Rodney, Vice Admiral of England, and One of the Admirals of the White, his Conduct in The West Indies in Three several Engagements, in the Months of April and Alay 1780, with a superior French Fleet, under the Command of the Count de Guichen, and his great and glorious Victories over the Spanish Fleet, on the 16di Day of January 1780, on his Voyage to the Relief of the Gurrifon of and over the French Fleet in The West Indies, on the 12th of April 1782, not only highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to His Majesty’s Kingdoms; and being desirous to bestow upon the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney feme considerable and lading Mark of His Royal Favour, as a Testimony of His Majesty’s Approbation of the said Services, and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and to the Two next succceding Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, to whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall defeend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum’, but His Majesty, not having it in His Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of His own Life, recommends it to His faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to grant the lame, and of extending, securing, and settling such Annuity to the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall defeend, in such Manner as shall be thought -moll effectual for the Benefit of the said George Brydges Rodney Lord Rodney, and his Family.

R. ’

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Lord John Cavendish acquainted the House, That Meflkge from he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, l]*e King — signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Elliot. Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of conferring some signal Mark of His, Royal Favour upon the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, for the very distinguished and important Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, by his brave and gallant Defence of Gibraltar, and for that Purpose to grant to the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, for the Term of his Life, and for the Life of his Son Francis Augustus Eliott, an Annuity of One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum; but it not being in His Majesty’s Power to

¥ant the fame, or to settle the said Annuity, beyond the erm of His own Life, His Majesty recommends it to His faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to graut the said Annuity, and of settling and securing the same in the most effectual Manner, for the Benefit of the said Sir Augustus

Eliott.

R.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Lord John Cavendish prefen ted to the House, accord- importation ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the of foreign illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Spirits, &c. Stop to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining Inch Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by the Excise Statutes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second , Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. } Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Thirty-six Pounds and Four Shillings be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Four hundred Fifty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

33 Geo. III. 300 Junii.

5i7

That a Smn, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset , for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction what foe ver.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compenl'ation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the.Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make a proper Compensation to the Officers of His Majesty’s Board of Works, and others, for their Trouble and Expences in surveying and estimating the Lodes and Damages occasioned by the Biots, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsover.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-six thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fullered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in new paving the Streets and Places called The Little Almonry, Great Almonry, New Way, Part of Orchard Street, Saint Anne's Lane, Part of Peter Street, and Wood Street, in the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, being the Track through which Carts and other loaded Carriages, going to and from the Wharfs and other Places South of Palace Yard, are, during the Sitting of Parliament, compelled to go.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of Half Pay to certain Provincial Corps, who served with His Majesty’s Troops during the late War in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coait of Ajrica

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, from the Twenty-fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hun-. died and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June following, both inclusive, being Sixty-one Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred Eighty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to IBs Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vo L. 3<).

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the leveial Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Ilorfe Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand and Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon further Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Thirteen Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The said Ilesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Somerset That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, House-that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that a proper Controul be appointed upon the Expenditure of the Money voted, or which, from Time to Time, may be voted, by this House, for carrying on the Works at Somerset House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty Duty on on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings: And the same was received: and read the First 6 ’

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Savings on the Sums voted for the Charge of Eighty " Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1782," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufl'es, stated the 5th Day of April 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufl'es, stated the 10th Day of October 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, by Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, which remained in his Hands of 5,200l. granted by Parliament (for making good to sundry Persons the Damages sustained by them by the Riots) in the Year 1781, and whose Losses did not exceed 100l. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had

6 Q come

518 3 o° Junii. — i ° Julii. A. 1783;

come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaic to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

East India The House was moved, That the Petition of the

Affairs. United Company of Merchants of England, trading to

The East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of March last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Supply Bill;

Medicine

Duties.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent, was read the Third Time.

4n ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to exempt Navy and Army Surgeons.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, of under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Dunes on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for grant-

Waggons,&c. in„ pjjs Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Quieting The Order of the Day being read, for the Second of°R^his of ReadinS dlC ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, P»trna„e. An Act for quieting Patrons, under certain Circumstances, in the Post'efiion of their Rights of Patronage; and for indemnifying the Subject against certain Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, and F.ccldiastical Censures;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now, " and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ITlie Earl of ' 1 12

i euers for the x eas, j Mf Jr(kn. j ,2‘

Tellers for the Noes ISir Thomas Davenport, j

leiiers lor the jnocs, Mr Anstru

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Cotton and whole House, to consider of the Report from thfe Com- Linen Manu* mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ^ure* consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials used in the said Manufactures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1° die Julii;

Auno 230 Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.’

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for Limitation of taking into further Consideration the Report from Wriuof the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of the Law, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Supply Bill; the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christen- Duty on

1 ri 1 rp* 13

mgs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committqp

Burial Registries, &c.

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop ®* .,ortl8n to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Spints’ -c* Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from One Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing

o 1 vexatious

23 Geo. III.

i° Julii.

frauds in the landing, &c. vt Wine.

Jamaica, &c. Free Ports.

vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom, That they do make Provision in the said Bill to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar, entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the llland of Dominica, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom, and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar, entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cotton and Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported l.inen Menu- from the Committee of the whole House. to whom the

Frauds in the Janding, &c. 1 W me.

fatiuies*

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Duties payable on the Materials used in the said Manufactures was re-committed; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to tire House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the present State of the Commerce of Great Britain, the Preservation of the Cotton and Linen Manufacture is an Object of the utmost Importance, and deserves the serious and immediate Consideration of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback be allowed out of the Duties payable upon Soap, at the Rate of Three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Hard Soap, and Three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Soft Soap, that shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufactures from Flax and Cotton for Sale, except Linen whitened in the Piece for Sale, under certain Regulations and RestriClions.

Vox.. 39.

5i9

Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee*

That a Drawback be allowed out of the Duties payable on Starch, of One Penny Halfpenny on every Pound Weight of Starch used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufactures from Flax and Cotton for Sale, excepting such Stareh as shall be consumed in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale, subject to certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That a Draw back be allowed out of the Duties payable on Starch, of Three Pence for evefy Pound Weight of Starch used and consumed in finishing new Linen irt the Piece for Sale, subject to certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback be allowed of all Duties now payable on the Importation of Brimstone and Salt Petre, used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr.

Stanley; Mr. Dempster, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on Twenty-first Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, Smalts, intituled, "An Act for extending the Provisions of Three " Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of " His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting a Bounty " on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes " and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed,

" painted, or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams " and Tillettings exported during the Time therein " limited, and for taking off the Duties payable upon " the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee. That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty’s Civil List Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, Debt, upon the 5th Day of December latt, as relates to the Civil List Debt, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty's said Most Gracious Speech as relates to the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Allowing House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Adjutant House, upon the Bill to enable the Adjutant General Gen. to frank of His Majesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters tter*‘ and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, be now read.

And

520

i0 Julii. A. 1783.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

pains and The Order of the Day being read, for the further Pfnalues on Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for intiidting certain umbo ,&c.pajns an{j pena|t|es on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet,

and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them wliilft they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ways and Means.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Uesolutions which the Committee had dire died him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply.granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be chanted upon the fiii't Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues computing the Fuud commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Seven hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Hands of the Pay-master General of the Forces, out of the Monies or Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies of Foot for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be applied towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two

and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, out of the Monies or Savings of the Sums voie'd by Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two and the First Day of February One thousand Seven

hundred and Eighty-three, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Forty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, being the Sum which remained in his Hands of the Sum of Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, for making good to sundry Persons the Damages iiiltained by them by the Riots, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and whole Losses did not exceed One hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty s Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-l’econd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of " Lottery Tickets," be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the managing and drawing the Lottery, established by an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Ways and upon the 30th Day of May last, was reported from the Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum " of Forty-six thousand Seven hundred Sixty-seven " Pounds and Five Pence, remaining in the Receipt " of the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parlia*

" ment."

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolution; and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House lj. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuity, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Meffiage of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum to Lord Rodney and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall defeend, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Johnstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Johnstone reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Annuity to Sir G. A* Elliott.

Supply Bill; Duties on WaggOns^c.

Duties on Coffee, &c.

t

33 Geo. in I' Julil 531

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum to the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliot, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That no Suit shall be brought in any Court of Record at Westminster for any Offence against this Act, in Cafes where such Offences are cognizable before Justices of the Peace.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from the Duty Carts with Two Wheels, drawn by One Horse, and employed for the Carriage of Peats and Turf, and not let for Hire.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by inserting after the Word " of" the Word " Coals."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Coals " he there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^ Senk>r’ } . 8.

Teners for foe No*{^f^f^ } 48.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Carriages not drawn by Horses, or other Cattle.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vol. 39.

consider of the Duties now payable on Cocoa and Coffee imported, and of the Duties and Drawbacks on Mullins,

Callicoes, and Nankeen Cloth.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Presentation Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in- to Benefice*, tituled, " An Act against Abuses in Election of Scholars " and Presentation to Benefices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Commission-for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the ers of Public whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and enlarging Accounts* the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the East India whole House, to consider further of the Report which -A®1!"* was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Johnstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Johnstone reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commission-whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and enlarg- ^c°ountLlC ing the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord- American ing to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to Loyalists. enquire into the Circumstances of such Persons as are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Dissentions in America: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6

1

1

1

Tenth Report on Public Account*

Appendix,

N*i.

522 2* JuTii.^#.1783.

Mercurii, V Julii;

Adno 23* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783. Praters.

THE Hoofe being informed that Mr. Nectoe and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for

examining, taking, and dating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Tenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Tenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

THE Examination into the Manner of passing the Accounts of the Paymader General of His Majesty’s Forces, in the Office of the Auditor of the Impred, led us necedarily to enquire into the Mode in use of paying the Army, and of keeping the Army Accounts in the Pay Office. Several Observations occurred to us in the Progress of that Enquiry, and many Regulations, which, in our Judgment, appeared fit and expedient to be established: Some of them we have inserted in our lad Report, and submitted to the Wisdom of the Legislature: There are other Subjects connected with both these Offices, as well as other Matter of Observation and Regulation, that demand our Attention.

The Paymaster General issues Money to Two Persons, who are Public Annual Accountants — the Paymader of the Widows Pensions, and the Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital — to the former, in his official Capacity of Paymader General of the Forces; to the latter, as TreaiTurer of the Hospital: He issues lidewife to R^imental Agents, and to various Persons employed in the Army Expenditure, Sums for which they become accountable: All theie furnished Matter of Enquiry.

Wei applied ourselves fird to the Office of the Paymader of the Widows Pensions, and required from the Auditors of the Impred the lad declared Account of the Receiver and Paymader of His Majesty’s Royal Bounty ^o the Widows of Officers who were killed or died in the Service, with the Materials from which that Account was noafje out. We obtained, likewise, from the iSecretary at War, a Copy of His Majesty’s Orders and Instructions to be observed in the Payment of that Bounty.

The Return to us from the Auditors Office, in consequence of this Requisition, was the Account of the Honourable Henry Eduard Fox, Receiver and Pay-

mader of the Pensions to Widows, for Two Years, ending the 24th of December 1779, and passed the 29th of April 1782, with a Book of Account, and an Establishment for each Year, and with the Certificates, Affidavits, and Receipts of the Persons receiving.

The Book of Accounts confids of all the Receipts and Payments of the Year: The Edablidiment contains the Names' of, and the' Sums payable to, the Ob-jfefts of this Boiinty, with the King’s*Wafthni prefixed, directing the Payment

The Examinations of John Powell, Esquire, latfe De- N#a. puty Paymader 6f these Pensions, of John Lloyd, Esquire, n* 3. late Deputy Auditor of the Imptedi who passed this Account, and of Mr. John Davie, and Mr. Keen Sta- N° 4. hies, the Clerks employed in the Payments, supplied us N° 5. with Knowledge of the Manner in whith the Business of this Office is conducted, and the Accounts are paised.

The Office of Receiver and Paymader of the Widows Pensions, is held by Letters Patent for Life, to be executed by- himself or Deputy. Upon Inspection of those by which the Office is now holden, we find it is granted to " Henry Edward Fox for his Life; and from and " after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other t)etermination of that Edate, to John Powell, Esquire,

<l his Executors, Administrators, and Affighs, during " the Life of Charles James Fox." This Office is executed entirely by the Deputy and Clerks; the Principal never interfering in any Part of the Business. The whole Office is merely miniderial; paying certain Sums to certain Persons, upon Production of proper formal Affidavits and Certificates: It confids of Four Persons, the Paymader, the Deputy, add Two Clerks; it is executed at the War Office by the Two Clerks; One a Clerk in the War Office, appointed by the Secretary at War; the other a Clerk in the Pay Office, appointed by the Deputy Paymader of the Pensions.

The Fund appropriated for this Service, is compounded of Sums taken from the Pay of the several Regiments , and Corps upon the Edablidiment, and of the Marines. The Deputy Paymader of the Pensions applies for Money out of this Fund, from Time to Time, to the Paymader General of the Forces, and to the . Paymader of the Marines: He supplies, occasionally, the Clerk he employs to make the Payments, with such Portions of it, as he thinks may be wanted. The Payments are made every Four Months} and the Pay Clerk attends for an entire Week at the Beginning of a Payment, and on every Wednesday afterwards, and pays the Widows pursuant to the Edablidiment. To entitle herself to receive, each Widow must, if die receives in Person, produce an Affidavit of her Widowhood, and that die has not any other Pension or Allowance from Government; if (he receives by Attorney, he mud produce the like Affidavit, and a Certificate of her being alive, and a Widow.

Hence it appears, that the Manner of passing this Account, by the Auditor of the Impred, is very simple!

- The Charge in the official Account confids of the Balance remaining on the lad Account, and the Sums received from the Paymader General of the Forces, and from the Paymader of the Marines, during the Period of the Account: These Suras are verified by the Certificate of the proper Officer in each Office. The Discharge contains the Payments, for the Allowance of which, the Edablidiment, the Affidavit, the Certificate, and the Acquittance of each Person, or her Assignee or Attorney, are the Vouchers. After the Account is examined, and the Balance agreed, the official Book of Account is signed, and the Truth of the Account, attested upon Oath by the Deputy Paymader of the Pensions, before the Deputy Auditor of the Impred. AH the Sums being received, and the Payments made by the Deputy, the Deputy, and not the Principal, is the Person who pafles and lwears to the Account. That Account, which is drawn up by the Auditor, is neither signed nor sworn to by the Accountant; nbr is it declared, orpafled through any of the Exchequer Offices;

One Part of it is delivered to the Accountant; and is declared, by His Majesty’s Indruftions, to be, without any other Formality, his final Discharge and Quietus; the Duplicate remains in the Auditors Office.

r The

£ > <* 15.849- °- *

53-9*4- 3- 3-18,967. o. *. 1,717. o. 1.

*4.957- 3- *

113.998. 7. 4.

N° 6. N» 7.

N«8. £ i-

H°»°79- 4- *

I49.530- * * 0,769. I*. 6.

3t3GEa.HI. 2° Jttlii. 533

The Number of Widows- upon the EstabKftiment mentioned, not paid to Widows) to One hundred £. *. d.

of the Year 1778, was Five hundred Ninety-four, Thirty-seven thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight Pounds '37’hS' >9- «

and upon that of the Year 1779, Six hundred and Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence: And it is observable,

Eleven. that- the Balance in the Hands of the Deputy Pay- !

The Charge for these Two Years, including the master increased gradually from Thirty-four thousand 34.8*7- * s- ,

Balance of Fifteen thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Eight hundred Seventeen Pounds One Shilling and

Pounds and One Penny, remaining-on the last Ac- Five Pence, in the Year 1773, to Sixty-five thousand 6s,°91' *’ *'

count, amounted to Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence,

Twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence; in the Year 1779 > and that from the Smallness of his

the Discharge to Twenty-eight thousand Nine hundred Receipts in the Two succeeding Years, and the Mag-

Sixty-seven Pounds and Two Pence, including the Sum nitude of his apparent Payments in the Year 1781, it

of One thousand Seven hundred Twenty-seven Pounds fell, in that Year, to Seventeen thousand Eight hundred *7.875- *4- * 1

and One Penny, allowed for the Expences attending Seventy-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven j

the Execution of the Office, and passing the Accounts; Pence. As it was obvious such a Decrease in the I

which left in the Hands of the Accountant a Balance of Balance could not arise from a sudden Increase in the

Twenty-four thousand Niue hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Pensions to Widows, we enquired into the Cause; and

Three Shillings and One Penny. found, that out of the Sum of Thirty-four thousand and 34.063- * 1

The Account before us is of the Years 1778 and Sixty-three Pounds and Eleven Shillings, inserted in I

1779; but the Sums the Accountant charges himself the Column of Payments, for the Year 1781, Twenty 20,769. «. 6. j

with, are therein stated to have been received from the thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Twelve !

Paymaster (ieueral of the Forces, notin the fame Years, Shillings and Six Pence, was paid back by the Deputy

but in the Years 1773 and 1774. The Reason is this Paymaster of the Widows Pensions to the Paymaster

— A regular Account is kept in the Pay Office, of the General of the Forces; which Sum constituted a Part

Issues under this Head of Service; the Entry of each of the Savings applied by Parliament the preceding

Issue specilies out of what Year’s Produce it is made; Year in Aid of the Army Extraordinaries, and during the Time of the same Paymaster General, The more this Subject of Balance is lifted, the greater the Produce of One Year is generally exhausted upon appears the Necessity for the Regulations of fuhftituting

the Account before any Part of the Produce of the Annually specific Funds upon Estimate for these Services, j

succeeding Year is iflfued. in the Place of the compound Funds in use, and of |

In Time of W ar this Fund produces annually more placing this, as well as all the other Calli for the Army I

than is sufficient for the Service: In this last War the Services, in the Custody of the Bank, and of examining, !

Produce has lo far exceeded the Expenditure, that the once a Year at least, into every Expenditure. The j

Payments of the Year 1779 were made out of the Al- present Mode of conducting this Service, has been the j

lowance to Widows for the Year 1774. Means of swelling the Balance in the Hands of the

As the Sums arising from this Allowance, though not Paymaster General of the Forces, and of creating specifically applied for by the Paymaster General of the another Balance in the Hands of the Officer entrusted Forces, are yet received by him from the Exchequer, with the Execution. The average Balance in the Hands under fume Head of Regimental Service, either before or of Mr. Powell (for to no other Person do the Ilfues at the Time the Clearings of the Regiments are issued for this Service appear to have been made) for these to him, we enquired alter the Produce of the interme- last Ten Years has been Forty-six thousand Eight huu- 46,848. s. n. diate Years, and find that, in the Year 1780, the dred Forty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Savings which had arisen from this Fund for the Five Pence; and when he quitted the Office in March last, preceding Years, amounting to One hundred Thirteen the Sum in his Possession was Twenty-one thousand *>35°- * thousand Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Seven Shil- Three hundred Fifty Pounds Two Shillings; of which lings and Four Pence, had been applied by Parliament he paid over to Mr. Moore, who was appointed to in Aid of the Extraordinaries incurred, but not provided officiate as Deputy Paymaster in his Room, upon the for, in the Year 17795 and, consequently, this Sum 21 ft of March:last, by the Direction of the Secretary at had been, until that Time, accumulating in the Hands War, Twenty-one thousand Pounds. As this Sum far *1.000. o. o. of the Paymaster General, and formed a Part of his exceeds the Expenditure of any of the former Years,

Balance in that Year. we enquired into the probable Demands upon it; and N# 1

As the Sums for this Service are issued on Account, learned from Mr. , that the Part of it remaining N»

and there does not appear any Check, either upon the in his Hands, on the ift of May, was Nineteen thousand £. 19,971- *6- ».

Application of the Deputy Paymaster, or upon the Nine hundred Seventy-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings Issue of the Paymaster General, we obtained from the and Eleven Pence, that the next Four Months Payment,

War Office an Account of the groft Produce of the in the Beginning of , will require between Four Allowance to Widows every Year, for Ten Years, and Five thousand Pounds, and that the Arrears are ending the 25th of December 1781; and from the De- probably inconsiderable.

putv Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, an Account A Return from the War Office ftiews, that the N* u.

of his Receipts and Payments for this Service every Number of Widows upon the Establishment, for the

Year, for Ten Years, ending the 25 th of December last, present Year, is Six hundred Sixty-nine, and the Sum

With the Balance remaining at the End of each Year, to be paid them, Fifteen thousand Nine hundred £< *5,984- °- «

and the Balance remaining in his Hands at the Time Eighty-four Pounds, and that by Installments every

he quitted the Office: From hence it appears, that the Four Months. We are therefore of Opinion, that -

Gross Produce of this Fund, arising from the Pay of the Deputy Paymaster in Office has in his Hands a

the Land Forces and Marines together, for the*Ten larger Sum than the Service requires; that he should

Years contained in that Account, was Two hundred retain as much as is sufficient for the next Four

Forty thousand Seventy-nine Pounds Four Shillings Months Payment, and to satisfy such Arrears as may

and Eight Pence; the Receipts by the Deputy Pay- be unpaid; and that the Residue ought, without Delay,

master of the Widows Pensions, during the Ten Years to be paid by him into the Bank, and placed to the

of his Account, amounted to One hundred Forty-nine Account of the Paymaster General of the Forces, and

thousand Five hundred Thirty Pounds Eleven Shillings be applied to the Services of the Army; and that so long

and Eight Pence, and his Payments (exclusive of the as this Service shall be carried on in its present Mode,

Sum of Twenty thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine the Paymaster General of the Forces shall, feme short Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, herein after Time before every Payment, upon the Requisition Vol. 39. of

524 2° Jutii. 1783.

Tenth of the Deputy Paymaster of the Pensions, stating the Itej^rt Sum then in his Hands, and the Sum wanted for Accounts! the succeeding Payment, issue to him, by his Draft upon the Bank, the Sum necessary to complete such Payment.

The Emoluments accruing to the Officers in the Office of the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, are these: The Auditor of the Imprest is directed, by His Majesty’s Orders and Instructions relative to this Office, to allow the Paymaster Twelve Pence for every Twenty Shillings received and paid by him, for his Expence. Care, and Trouble in the Service; not to be deducted out of the Pensions, but to be allowed him in his Discharge out of the Money he receives for the £’6l Service: This Sum, in the Account before us, is One thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds and One 631. o. o. Penny; that is, Six hundred Eighty-one Pounds for each of these Years.

The Deputy Paymaster is allowed by the King’s Warrant One hundred Pounds a Year, for his extraordinary Trouble and Care in paying the Widows Pensions, and in stating and settling the Accounts; and he receives, by Custom, from the Auditor of the Imprest, One Third of the Sum inserted and allowed in the Discharge for the Fees and Disbursements for stating, examining, and passing the Accounts: This Sum, in the Account before us, is One hundred Sixty-five Pounds; of which One Third is Fifty-five Pounds; that is, Twenty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings a Year; which makes the Profit to the Deputy, One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings a Year. These Emoluments to the Paymaster, and his Deputy, amount-8c8. 10. a ing to Eight hundred and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, are a Charge upon the Public.

The Two Clerks are paid in a different Manner. The War Office Clerk has a Salary of Ninety-two Pounds a Year from the Secretary at War, besides which he receives a Moiety of Two Kinds of customary Payments from the Widows; each pays Two Guineas when ffie first receives her Pension; and at the Rate of Six Shillings a Year, that is, Two Shillings for each Four Months Payment afterwards. These Two Fees are equally divided between the Two Clerks; and the Moiety of them, together with the odd Pence, forms the Whole of the Profit accruing to the Pay Office Clerk from this Employment.

The Office of Paymaster of the Widows Pensions appears to us, from this Description, to be an unnecessary Office. The Public derives from it no Utility whatever; it is a perfect Sinecure; and the Office of the Deputy is not much more: He only serves as a Channel, and that not wanted, to convey the Money for this Service from the Paymasters of the Forces and Marines to the Pay Clerk, whose Attendance is Three entire Weeks, and one Day in every other Week in the Year.

The Payment of this Bounty is an Army Service; it is made out of Money voted for Army Services, and by a Clerk in the Pay Office. If the Measure of voting upon Estimate a distintt Fund for this Service should be adopted, the Whole must be issued from the Exchequer to the Bank, and placed to the Account of the Paymaster General of the Forces. What then forbids that the Whole of this Business should be transacted at the Pay Office by a single Clerk, to be appointed to that particular Branch ? These Pensions may all be paid, as many of them are now, and as the other Army Payments are required by Att of Parliament, to be made, by Drafts upon the Bank; and the Accounts of the Payments for this Service may be incorporated and passed with the other Accounts of the Paymaster General of the Forces.

The proper Payment for this Clerk is a Salary only. The Acceptance of any Fee, Gratuity,' or

other Reward, ought to be strictly prohibited. It is not for the Honour of Government, that His Majesty’s Bounty should be curtailed by Gratuities and Fees of Office: No Part is to be intercepted; it should pals to the Object as liberally and as entire as it flows from the Royal Beneficence.

Since then these Pensions may be paid without the Intervention of so many Officers, and at a much less Expence to the Public, that Principle of public Oeconomy pointed out to us as the Rule to direct our Judgment, a Principle this Nation feels most sensibly the Necessity of attending to, leads us to be of Opinion, that the Office of Paymaster of the Widows Pensions is a useless and unnecessary Expence to the Public, and ought, therefore, no longer to be suffered to subsist; and that all the Business of this Office should be transferred to the Pay Office of the Army.

The other Officer, who accounts Annually for the Money issued to him by the Paymaster General of the Forces, is the Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital. William Brummell, Esquire, who N* * holds this Office, and Charles , Esquire, who N° 13*

atts for the Deputy Treasurer of the Hospital, gave us an Account in what Manner this Business is transacted.

The Office of Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital was created by the Att of the 28th of George the lid, Chapter the lit, for the Purpose of receiving the Money for this Service from the Treasurer of the Hospital (that is, from the Paymaster General of the Forces) and of paying or remitting it to the Out Pensioners. The Fund is a Sum voted Annually by Parliament upon Estimate.

Twice in the Year a Requisition is sent by the Secretary and Register of the Hospital to the Treasurer, stating the Number of Out Pensioners, and the Sums to be advanced them for the succeeding Half Year.

After the Treasurer has received Money from the Exchequer, a Warrant issues from the Board of Commissioners for the Government of the Hospital, signed by Three or more of them, to the Treasurer, requiring him to issue to the Agent for the Out Pensioners, such Sums as shall be due to them for the Six Months ensuing.

In consequence of this Warrant, the Treasurer issues to his Deputy such a Sum as he thinks proper. A Lift of the Out Pensioners is made out every Half Year by the Secretary and Register, and transmitted to the Agent: He copies it, and applies to the Deputy Treasurer; who issues to him upon Account such a Sum as, in his Judgment, will be sufficient to satisfy the Payment of that Lift, retaining out of it Twelve Pence in the Pound, according to the Directions of the Att of Parliament.

There are Three Sorts of Out Pensioners; the common Men, who are paid Five Pence a Day; the Nine-penny Men, who have Nine Pence; and the Letter Men, who have One Shilling; but from all these Payments the Twelve Pence in the Pound is de-dutted: They are all paid Half-Yearly, Six Months in Advance, and are dispersed over Great Britain and Ireland, and a few of them live in the Itlands of Guernsey and Jersey, consequently it becomes necessary for this Officer to employ Deputies and Agents, in various Parts, to assist him in transacting this Business. His last settled Account, transmitted to us by the Auditor of the Imprest, was declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 28th of June 1781; it is for One Year ending the 24th of December 1775; and comprehends the Payment of about Fifteen thousand Nine hundred Pensioners.

The total Charge upon him, in that Year, is One hundred and Twelve thousand Four hundred and £. 111,44 6-

Forty Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence; his

total

1C

23 Geo. III. 20 JultL 525

£ * total Discharge is One hundred and Five thousand Four

*°5>495- 6- * hundred Niuety-five Pounds' Six Shillings and Two Pence. The Accounts of the Three succeeding Years are in the Office of the Auditor; and Two Years more will be ready to be delivered in about Three Months. The Difficulty of procuring and adjusting the Vouchers, retards the Accounts from being made up in the Office to a later Period.

1,000. o. o. This Officer is paid by a Salary of One thousand Pounds a Year; which, by the Payment of Taxes, Deputies, Clerks, contingent Expences, and Fees, is reduced to Three hundred and Eighty Pounds a Year.

As the Fund for this Service is a specific Sum voted every Year by Parliament, which passes from the Exchequer through the Hands of the Treasurer to his Deputy, and from him to the Agent who distributes it, we traced its Progress through tliele several Channels.

We extracted from the Votes of the House of Commons the Grunts for the Out Pensioners, from the Year N° 14. 1775 to the Year 1782 inclusive: We procured from the Pay Office of the Army, an Account of the Gross N° 15. Sums received by the Paymaster General of the Forces, for this Service, from the Exchequer: We learned from the Deputy Treasurer what Portions of those Sums had been issued to him by his Principal, and what Portions he had issued to the Agent during the same Period; and N° 16. from the Agent we received an Account of his Gross Receipts and Payments every Year, from 1775 to 1780: And that the State of these Sums, as they passed to the different Officers, may appear at one View, we have brought them together into One Account; K# 17. which (hews what Portion of each Sum (topped in each Stage of its Progress; and what Proportion the Total of the Balances, unapplied in the Possession of these Ollicers, at the End of each Year, bore to the Sum voted.

The Surplus in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer arises in Part from the Savings out of the Poundage: This, like the rest of the Sums granted for Army Services, is made liable to a Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound, to be applied in the Manner which His. Majesty shall, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, direct. This Deduction, is not blended with the Army Poundage: A distinct Account is kept of it; and it has been applied to the Annual Payments of One thousand Pounds Salary to the Agent; and of Two Allowances, Six hundred Pounds to the Deputy Treasurer, and Three hundred Pounds to the Secretary; together. One thousand Nine hundred Pounds a Year. No other Payments appear to have been made out of it; and therefore this Fund has far exceeded the Charges upon it.

So much of the Savings as accrued to the 24th of December 1773, was paid back to the Paymaster General of the Forces: So much of them as accrued from j that Time to the 24th of December 1780, amounting

*,64$. a. 7. to Twenty-two thousand Six hundred Forty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence was, in October last, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, paid into the Exchequer, to be applied towards the Supply of the Year 1782. The Balance of this Deduction, remaining in the Ilahds of the Deputy Treasurer upon the 24th j,o*i. jj. i{. of December last, was Three thousand and Ttfenfy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny: But as the Money, applicable to the general Service of the Hospital, is not paid by Government at the Time it becomes due, the Deputy Treasurer, having received nothing for that Service to a later Period than the 24th of June last, has been obliged to apply Part of this Balance in defraying the current Expences of the llospital.

The same Reasons upon which the Abolition of the Army Poundage is grounded, weigh equally against Vol. 39.

keeping up this Deduction: It is of no Utility; it Tenth serves only to generate a Balance in the Hands of an Report Officer, for no other Purpose than that of paying it on l>ubl,c back again when required by proper Authority. Nei- ccoulU*-ther the Salaries, nor any other Service, to which this Poundage is now applicable, require the Existence of any such Fund: They may all be defrayed out of the grols Sum voted for the Service. The Sum estimated for the Payment of the Out Pensioners may, as it is wanted, be issued to the Agent by the Draft of the Treasurer upon the Bank; and the Agent will continue to pay them the same Sums they receive at this Day.

The Issues to the Agent seem to have been more abundant than was necessary. The average Balance iu his Hands, for the Four first Years in his Account, was Four thousand Nine hundred Ninety-nine Pounds 4>999- >4-Fourteen Shillings: In the Year 1780 it was reduced to One thousand Six hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Nine 1,6s7‘ 9‘ Shillings and Two Pence. As this may be presumed to have been a Sum sufficient for the Demands of the Service, it is probable the Issues of the former Years exeeeded what the Service required; and it is expedient that future Issues (liould be calculated with greater Exactness.

The Regimental Agents are a Class of Men who receive Money from the Paymaster General of the Forces, for which they are accountable, not before the Auditor of the Imprest, but to the Secretary at War.

This Money is placed by every Agent to an Account kept for each Regiment and Corps to which he is*

Agent, called in the Cavalry, The Stock Purle, and in the Infantry, The Non-effective Fund. It consists of die Non-effective Subsistence of each Regiment and Corps issued to him by the Paymaster General, either under the Head of Subsistence, or in the Clearings: A Part of it is called The Vacant Subsistence-winch is described in His Majesty’s Warrant for regulating the Non-effective Fund, annexed to our last Report, to arise " where a Vacancy happens between " the Days whereon each Captain usually receives " the Subsistence of his Company." The Purposes ta which this Fund is to be applied are directed by that Warrant.

That the Public might be informed of the present State of this Fund, we required from every Agent an Account of the Balances of the Stock Purse of the Cavalry, and of the Non-effective Fund of the Infantry, belonging to each Regiment, Troop, and Company, including the Guards, Invalids, Militia, and Fencibles, of which they are or have been Agents, remaining in their Hands, Custody, or Power, at die Time when the Accounts were severally made up. We have inserted in the Appendix the Returns made to this Requisition; N° 1*. in which we have distinguished the Agents who have Money in their Hands, from those who have none; and where an Agent to different Regiments has Balances in his Hands upon the Non-effective Accounts of some, and has disbursed more than he has received upon the Non-effeflive Accounts of others, we have inserted in a Second Column the Balance due to him on the latter Account, and in a Third Column die Difference of the Two Balances, as (howing the real Sum of Public Money remaining in his Hands upon the Balance of his Non-effective Accounts taken together: But some of them informed us, that they had advanced other considerable Sums in the Payment of Contingent Bills, and of Extraordinaries, on Account of many of die Regiments and Corps; which Payments they could not include in these Returns, because they are not such Charges a3 are allowed by the King’s Warrant to be brought against the Non-effefitive Funds; yet until these Sums are repaid to them by Government, they are a Diminution

6 S of

52(5 2° JuhL A. 1783,

enth of the Total of the Public Money actually in their Hands

Repurt at the Times their Returns are dated.

Account* The Total Sum of Non-effective Money, in the Hands of all the Regimental Agents taken collectively, and for C i.<i. which they are accountable, appears by the Schedule *3- 7i of their Returns, to be One hundred Twenty-three thousand Four hundred Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny; an important Sum, of which the Public has a Right to expect from the Office intrusted with the Power, a speedy Examination and Adjustment.

Should the Regulations, suggested in our last Report, of abolishing the Warrant Men, and issuing the Subsistence according to Muster, be adopted, the only Supply for the Non-effective Fund will be the vacant Subsistence, and the Non-effective Subsistence that may be casually issued, when a Vacancy happens between the Return of the Muster and the Issue of the Subsistence; but this will not be sufficient to carry on the Recruiting Service, which requires a Sum in Advance, ready for immediate Application. To supply this Deficiency we have suggested the Creation of a specific Fund, to be voted Annually, and a distinct Account to be kept of the Issues.

An-Examination every Year into the State of this recruiting Fund in the Hands of each Agent, will be the Means of keeping it within its proper Bounds; and a punctual Payment, by Government, of Services as soon as they are incurred, will take away every Pretence for having in his Hands more Money than is necessary for the Service.

The Public Accountants are numerous; and as the Public is deeply mterested in preventing the Accumulation of Balances in their Hands, it would be a useful and necessary Regulation, that in all Cases where Money is issued from Time to Time upon Account, to carry on a Service that has Continuance, the Officers intrusted with the Direction of the Issue should be enjoined, as a Duty upon every Issue, to examine into the State of the Money remaining in the Hands of the Accountant, and the Demands it is subject to, and to regulate the Sum to be issued accordingly: By these Means the Service will be supplied with no more than it wants, and that Tendency which every Balance has to increase, will be checked.

The remaining Class are the Army Sub-Accountants, or those Persons who receive Money on Account from the Paymaster General of the Forces for Extraordinary Services of the Army. At the End of every Year’s Account of a Paymaster General is added a List of the Insupers of the Year; and to his final Account is annexed a List of the Insupers during the whole Time of his being in Office. All the Persons thus set Insuper remain accountable to the Public for the Sums set opposite their Names, until they are cleared by the Auditor of the Imprest; and in order to their being cleared and obtaining their Quietus, they must pass their Accounts in his Office, except in One particular Instance, that is, where the Service has been performed Abroad, and the Account has been ’allowed by the Director General of Control, and signed by a Commissary General, and the Balance paid by the Deputy Pay-tnafter General, pursuant to a Warrant of the Commander in Chief. Upon the Production of this Warrant by the Paymaster General, with the stated Account annexed, so allowed and signed as his Voucher for the Payment of that Balance, the Auditor will clear the Insuper, though the Account has not been passed byhimself; but in every other Cafe, passing the Account in the Office of the Auditor is essential to obtaining the Quietus.

The farther we proceeded in our Investigation of the Army Accounts, the greater we found the Increase

of this Insuper Account We thought it a Part of our Duty to examine into its present State as far as we were able.

Upon inspecting the Schedules annexed to the Writ of Distringas ad computandum, transmitted to us by the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, we observed, among others, Two Lists of Army Insupers; the one upon the final Account of the late Earl of C, ending the 24th of December 1755, and declared the 7th of 1769; the other upon the final Account of the late Earl of Darlington and others, ending 24th June 1757, and declared the 13th July 1770. We transmitted to the Auditors of the Imprest, Copies of these Lifts, requiring from them the Names of those Persons therein mentioned, whose Accounts have been cleared since the passing of those final Accounts.

From the Returns to this Requisition it appears, that N° 1 ti-

the total Sum issued by Lord Chatham upon Account, and remaining unaccounted for at the Time of the £. ». 4.

Declaration of his final Account, was One million I»°9,<689- 6- * Ninety-one thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; that since that Time Insupers have been cleared to the Amount of One hun- *»°s* * s* dred Forty-eight thousand and Fifty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, which leaves, of his Issues,

Nine hundred Forty-three thousand Six hundred Thirty- 943.63s- * j* five Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence unaccounted for at this Day.

The Lift upon the final Account of the Earl of 20*4 Darlington and others, amounted to-Two hundred a867c94. 18. Eighty-six thousand Ninety-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, of which Two hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence only ha3 been accounted for; so that the Sum remaining Insuper upon that Account, is Two hundred Eighty-five thousand *s.*6*- < Eight hundred Sixty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence.

We proceeded to the Accounts of the subsequent Paymasters General, in the Order in which they luc-ceeded to that Office. We required from the Auditors of the Imprest, Lists of the Persons remaining Insuper upon the final Accounts of Henry Lord Holland, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Lord North and Mr. Cooke, and

Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, and upon the Two Accounts of Mr. Rigby, ending the 24th of ber 1769, being the only Accounts at that Time delivered by him into the Office of the Auditor. We required from the Pay Office of the Army, Lists of all Persons to whom Money had been issued on Account by the Paymasters General of the Forces, pursuant either to the King’s Warrants or the Warrants of Commanders in Chief Abroad, since the 24th of December 1769, with the Sums issued to each. These Lifts, transmitted to us from the Pay Office, we likewise sent to the Auditors of the Imprest, for them to examine, and certify what Persons there inserted had passed their Accounts, and or what Sums.

The Lifts produced to us in consequence of these Requisitions are all inserted in the Appendix, and furnish us with the following Fasts:

The Payments upon Account made by Henry Lord Holland, between the 25th of June 1757 and the 24th of Jugie j 765, and now remaining to be accounted for upon his final Account not yet declared, amount to Twelve millions Two hundred Forty-six thousand Nine I2, H6,95s. 1*. 1* hundred Fifty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence; and this Lift does not include the Insupers upon N* 21. the unsettled Account of Robert Paris Taylor, Esquire, his late Deputy in Germany.

Upon the final Account of Mr. Charles Townshend, ending the 24th June 1766, and declared the 29th of N° 23.

June 1782, remain Insupers to the Amount of Two

hundred and Two thousand and Ninety-eight Pounds 98- *9- »*

Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Upon

S A

.2.3 GeO. III.

2b Julii.

SV

N° 23.

£ >89*734- 7-

Jv® 24.

£ 34.75°- o. 5-

N" 2g.

£ >65,967. 9. 3.

N° 26.

17.444.9°J- 7- 5 N® 27.

» 7<4*®i°>3- 5- O' N® 28.

'.5,218,6*3. il.

.Upon the final Account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, ending 24th December 1767, and declared the 6. 7th of September 178 2, One hundred Eighty-nine thousand Seven hundred Thirty-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Upon the final Account of Mr. , and Mr. Thomas Townshend, ending 241I1 June 178, and de-

5-dared the 19th of April 1782, Thirty-four thousand Seven hundred Fifty Pounds and Five Pence; and upon the Two Accounts of Mr. Rigby, ending the 24th of 5- December 1769, One hundred Sixty-five thousand Nine hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence; and upon the Lift of Payments itfued by him and the succeeding Paymasters General of the Forces, from the 24th of December 1769 to the 6th May last,

5- pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, Seventeen Millions Four hundred Forty-four thousand Nine hundred and Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence; and pursuant to the Warrants of Commanders in Chief Abroad, Seven Millions Four hundred and Twenty thousand and Thirteen Pounds Five Shillings. He has like-wife ifl'ued to several Persons, since the 24th of December 1769, the Sum of Five Millions Two hundred Eighteen thousand Six hundred Twenty five Pounds Eleven Shillings j which Sum has been accounted for, and is, therefore, not included in the above Lifts.

Among these Persons Hill subject to Account, are several to whom various Sums have been issued at different Times: We have lelected a few of the most con-K* 29. fidcrable; and, collecting together all the Sums issued to each in all these Lifts, we have stated the Total for which each Person stands at this Day accountable to the Public.

The Result from these Lifts is, that under the Head of Issues for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, between the Year 1746 and the 6th of May last, Six i, hundred Sixty-four Persons remain at this Day accountable to the Public for the Sum of Thirty-eight Millions Nine hundred Thirty-three thousand Nine hundred and Twenty Pounds Sixteen Shillings; and of them Six Persons only for the Sum of Four Millions Two hundred Fourteen thousand Four hundred Eighty-seven Pounds: And, according to the present Course of the Exchequer, every one of them must pals his Accounts of the whole Sura he has received before the Auditors of the Imprest, or he cannot have his Quietus.

It is equally expedient for the Public, and for the Persons concerned, that the State of this Insuper Account should be made known. Whoever of these Accountants are, upon the Balance of their Accounts, indebted to the Public, should pay such Debts; if the Public are indebted to them, they should be paid; if their Accounts are even, they ought to be quieted; if, through Ignorance or Delusion, they think themselves secure, they ought to be warned that prerogative Process hangs over their Persons and Estates; and the longer they delay palTing their Accounts, the greater Difficulty they will find in avoiding it.

That Persons, intrusted to such an Extent should continue so long without being called to Account, and bting so deeply interested, should not long ago anxiously have pressed to have their Accounts adjusted, was a Difficulty that seemed not easily reconcileable with public Attention or common Prudence: The Examination of One of these Accountants might throw some Light upon the Subject.

In the final Account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, 2,798. 9. 4. Anthony Bacon, Esquire, is set Insuper Two thousand Seven hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, for victualling the Forces in the of Man, and for incidental Charges in the Years 1765, 1766, and 1767: In Mr. Rigby s Accounts, ending the 24th of December 1769,' he is likewise set Insuper with Vol. 39.

£ J*.» 33.9*0- »*

4.214*7. a a

Lewis Chauvet, Esquire, Eleven thousand Seven hun- £ * rf-

dred Forty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Three "'74S‘ 7' *' Pence, for Negroes employed in the ceded Iflunds.

We procured Two of the Warrants for the Payment of Parts of these Sums; the First, dated the 10th of February 1767, for the Payment of One thousand One 1,104. 6. io* hundred and Four Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence,

" upon Account, to satisfy and discharge the like Sum due to him to this Warrant w ere annexed an Account, itating the Articles he had supplied to the Forces in the Isle of Man, as the Ground of his Claim, and a

Report of the Controller of the Army Accounts: The Second, dated the 20th of December 1768, for the Payment of One thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Ten >« 4-

Shillings and Four Pence, " without Deduction and without Account," in full for the Balance of his Account 1 of Negroes employed in the new ceded Islands; to this Warrant is annexed a stated Account, containing all his Receipts and Payments for this Service, and the Balance struck.

We examined Mr. Bacon relative to the Circum- N* 3®» stances of these Payments. The First was a Claim by him upon the Treasury, for having, pursuant to an Agreement, supplied for a certain Time certain Articles to the Troops in the Isle of Man: The Treasury referred this Claim to the Controllers of the Army Accounts; and upon their Report, granted him the Warrant for the Payment of the Sum that appeared to be due to him: The other was a stated Account, confiding of various specific Sums paid to him from Time to Time, by Warrants, either upon the Exchequer or the Paymaster General of the Forces, for Services performed pursuant to a Contract with the Treasury, for supplying Negroes for the Use of the ceded Islands.

These Sums were not Imprefts, but directed to be made without Account. Upon Production of proper Certificates of the Execution, this Account was settled by the Treasury; the Balance struck, and paid to him by that Warrant.

As the First of these Payments was mad<f to him in consequence of the Report of the Controller of the Army Accounts, and the Second as the Balance of a stated settled Account, Mr. Bacon considered them as Accounts completely adjusted: He did not conceive himself any longer responsible, or fabjefil to render any other Account for the Sums he had received in consequence of these Two Engagements.

It is more than probable, that many of the Persons in these Lifts are in the like Situation. Satisfied that their Accounts with the Public are finally settled, they rest perfectly secure from being ever called to Account again; and yet the Names of all the Persons in the Lists of Lord Chatham and Lord Darlington, have.

Twice a Year, for several Years, been issued with the Writs of Distringas ad computandum to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex", and, had that Process been executed, Issues must have been returned upon them all for neglecting to bring in their Accounts.

Mr. Bacons Two Accounts having been settled, one by the Controller of the Army Accounts, the other by the Treasury, we examined Sir John Dick, Baronet, n° 31. one of the Controllers of the Army Accounts, and John Martin Leake, Esquire, one of the Clerks of the Trea- N°3*. fury, relative to the Examinations given to Accounts of this Description in their Offices.

All the Issues for the Army Extraordinaries ought regularly to be examined by the Controller of the Accounts of the Army, but in some Cafes, as where the Agreement is to furnish Articles upon Commission, or where the Vouchers of an Account, stating the Performance of a Contract, are competent, and require no Reference, they have been examined by a

Clerk.

l

Tenth Report on Public Accounts,

528 2° Julii. A. 1783.

Clerk of the Treasury, and Payments have been directed to be made in consequence of that Examination, without any other Reference, and without Account.

Every Contract with the Treasury is entered in the Controllers Office. Where it is an Agreement only by a Minute made at the Treasury Board, either a Copy of that Minute is brought to the Controllers Office to be entered, 'or the Controller has Recourse to the original Minute when necessary. Every Account or Claim grounded upon the Contract or Agreement, is generally referred, with the Vouchers and other necef-l’ary Instruments, by the Lords of the Treasury, to the Controller, for his Examination and Opinion: He compares the Articles in the Account with the Terms of the Contraft or Treasury Minute, and with their correspondent Vouchers; he examines the Computations and Caftings, and requires the Certificate of the proper Officer, of the faithful Execution of the Contracts in every Part; he corrects the Errors in the Account; he states his Doubts, and reports his Opinion to the Lords of the Treasury, who form their Judgment upon his Report, and direct Payments accordingly.

Issues directed by the Treasury upon these Contracts, may be either previous to the Execution of any Part of the Contract, or in consequence of either a Part or the Whole having been performed: The First is without the Intervention of the Controller or the Treasury Clerk, and must be upon Account: The other Two are in consequence of the Reference to One of them, and may be directed to be made either upon or without Account; but they are usually upon Account. Hence we may collect the Situation in which the Sub-Accountants under our Consideration may at present stand. To some of them, the Sums they are charged with may have been issued on Account, and no Examination whatever had of the Expenditure. To others, Sums may have been issued, either upon, or without Account, in consequence of the Reports of the Controller of the Army Accounts, or of the Examinations of the Clerks of the Treasury; and the Auditors of the Imprest have seen Reason, according to the Rules of their Office, to let them all Inluper, though some of the Warrants may have been silent, or have even directed the Issues to be made without Account. There can be no Doubt that those Persons, whose Accounts have never been examined, are bound to pass tfiem: But those to whom Payments have been made in consequence of Accounts examined and approved by Officers duly authorized, stand upon a different Ground. If such an Examination be liable to no Suspicion of Careleffhefs, Partiality, or Collusion; if it has such Credit as to warrant the actual Payment of the Demand, any farther Check seems to be unnecessary. The Auditor follows exactly the Steps of the Controller: He re-computes, re-casts, and re-examines the same or similar Vouchers. It is true, he may correct the Errors of the Controller, as the latter has corrected his Errors; for the Statements of the Auditor have been referred to and corrected by the Controller; but if the Possibility of Error were a Ground for Re-examination, Checks would be endless. If Two Persons competent in Accounts do their Duty; if each examines, and they both agree, the Probability is they are both right, for it is highly improbable they should both err exactly alike; and, therefore, if an Office for the Examination of Accounts be faithfully executed, there is no Necessity for the Interpolation of any other Office by way of Check.

The passing these Accounts in the Office of the Auditor is not only useless, but attended with very considerable Expence, and the Public pays it. The Fees paid for passing an Account of Extraordinaries in the Office of the Auditor, are in proportion to the Length and Period of the Account, and the Trouble 02

it gives to the Office. Where the Account comprehends a Number of Years, the Auditor is paid from Ten Pounds to Twenty-five Pounds for each Year of the Account. All the Fees for passing a short Account through all the Exchequer Offices, amount to about Forty Pounds, and a long one to One hundred Twenty Pounds. Estimating the Expence of passing the Accounts of Six hundred Sixty-four Inlupers (the Number in these Lifts) in the Auditor's Office, one with another, at a Medium of Eighty Pounds each, it will amount to Fifty-three thousand One hundred and Twenty Pounds; £-53. a Sura to be paid for Business unnecessary, and which ought, especialiy in the present State of its Finances, to be laved to the Public.

It will hot be difficult to distinguish which of these Accounts have been examined, and which not. The Controller keeps Entries of all his Reports in his Office. The Treasury can certainly with Ease find out what Accounts have been settled by their Clerks; and by the Publication of these Lists of Insupers, they who are alive, and the Representatives of those who are dead, will fee the Sums for which they stand Accountable to the Public: It nearly concerns them all to examine into the State of their Accounts, and to be ready to produce them when called upon by proper Authority.

We are of Opinion, That all these Lists of Sub-Accountants should forthwith undergo a Scrutiny in the Treasury, and in the Office of the Controller of the Accounts of the Army; that such of the Persons therein named, or the Representatives of those who are dead, whose Accounts have been either imperfectly or not at all examined, should be compelled to produce their Accounts in the Office of the Controller of the Accounts of the Army, in order for their Examination; and that those Persons, whose Accounts shall appear to have been sufficiently examined, either by the Controller or the Clerks of the Treasury, should be relieved from the Necessity of passing their Accounts in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, and should, by special Warrants to be granted for that Purpose, have their Insupere cleared in the final Accounts of the Paymasters General of the Forces, from whom they received the Sums with which they stand charged, and be enabled to obtain their Quietus.

The next Subject to which we directed our Attention, was the State of the Accounts of the Paymasters General of the Forces in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. The Account we had been examining, was the last declared Account of a Paymaster General of the Forces, and of the Year 1767 — only One Account more of a subsequent Year, which is that of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Toumhend, ending 24th of June 1768, has been declared. An Arrear of Fourteen Years, in the Accounts of an Office so important and of so exten-five a public Expenditure, was a Subject that called for Enquiry.

We required from the Auditors of the Imprest the N» 33 State of the Accounts of the Paymasters General of the Forces in their Offices, distinguishing the Times when the several Parts of the Accounts were delivered in, and the Progress made towards completing the fame.

In the Return to this Requisition from the Office of Lord Sondes, the First Article is the final Account of Henry Lord Holland, for Six Months, ending the 24th of June 1765: It is stated to have been delivered to the Auditor in 1772. The Accounts of Three succeeding Paymasters, for the Three succeeding Years, have been declared; but this Account is neither declared, nor ready for Declaration. It wfas incumbent upon us to enquire into the Causes that

obstructed

23 Geo. III. 2°

529

obstructed the Completion of an Account Of so remote a Period.

This Accouat had been under our Consideration in the Beginning of the Year 1781, as far as regarded the Balance then due from the Representatives of Lord Holland to the Public: What farther Progress had been made in it since that Time, both in the Auditor’s Office and in the Pay Office, we learned from Joseph N° 35* Hughes, Esquire, one of the Deputy Auditors, Mr. N' 36- Thomas Gibbes, one of the Clerks in the Office of Lord N° 37- Sondes, and Mr. John Colbome, an Assistant in the Pay Office, who has been the principal Person employed in ' making up the Accounts of Lord Holland. r

This Account has been ready for Declaration, as far as the Auditor has been enabled to proceed with it, ever since the Year 1778; the Two Parts have been ingrossed for above Two Years, and it has waited only for the acting Executor of Lord Holland to strike the Balance and attest the Account. Since it has been in grofled, several Additions have from Time to Time been made to the Book of Account in the Pay Office: Such as were made before Christmas last have been entered in the Ingrofiments. Some Time about Christmas, the Book of Account was taken from the Office of the u d Auditor to the Pay Office, for the Purpose of adding ,^6*. 9- J- Two Articles to the Charge, amounting to One thousand Three hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, arising from Errors in the Account pointed out by the Auditor. At this Time the Balance (including those Two Articles) agreed by the Pay Office, and by them pencilled into the Book of Account, was 6ti0ot. 6. <tsV Sixty-eight thousand and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence Seventy-one hundreds. Soon after Christmas the Book was returned to the Auditor, with 48,799- * several other Articles, amounting together to Forty-

eight thousand Seven hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence added to the End of the Charge, and inserted next before the Two pointed out by the Auditor; and upon the 12th of February, in N*38- consequence of a Letter from Lord Sondes to Mr. a Powell, an Addition was made of Three more Articles, 774. 7. 3- amounting to Seven hundred Seventy-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, which are the last Additions to the Charge. An Allowance was also Ms- *7- lo- claimed of Two thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence, in Addition to the Discharge. Supposing this Claim to be well founded, the Balance due on the 12th of February last from the Representatives of Lord Holland, as Paymaster 114736* 6- General of the Forces, to the Public, was One hundred Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence.

The Balance of public Money in the Hands, Custody, or Power of the Representatives of Lord Holland, as Paymaster General of the Forces, upon the 27th of September 1780, returned to our Precept by John Powell, Esquire, his only acting Executor, and attested by him on Oath before us upon the 28th of March 1781, as being, to the best of his Knowledge, the whole Balance then remaining upon the Account of the said Lord >56,456. *. 4. Holland, was Two hundred Fifty-six thousand Four hundred Fifty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence; 39* of this Balance he paid into the Exchequer, in November £. «. a. 1781, pursuant to the Act of the 21st of His present

»3*<S‘S* 4- Majesty, Two hundred Thirty-two thousand Five hundred Fifteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence; 13,940. 17. s. which reduced the Balance in his Hands to Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Forty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence; this being deducted from 114,736. 6.10. One hundred Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, his Balance 90.795- 9- * upon the 12th of February, leaves Ninety thousand Seven hundred Ninety-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Vo 1. 39.

Two Pence; of which Thirty-nine thousancf Eight hundred Fifty-three Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence was included in the Charge before Christmas last, and Fifty thousand Nine hundred Forty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence was added to it between Christmas and the 12th of February. Such appeared-the Increase of the Debt due to the Public from the Representatives of Lord Holland, since the 27th of September 1780. By what Means this Balance could accumulate to such a Degree since Mr. Powell's Examination before us, and Fifteen Years after Lord Holland had resigned the Office of Paymaster General, was a Difficulty that wanted Explanation.

We required from the Auditor of the Imprest a Copy of the Additions made to the Charge and Discharge of the final Account of Henry Lord Holland, as Paymaster General of the Forces between the 27th of September 1780 and the 5th of October last;

and also a Copy of the like Additions since the 5th of October last.

It was not in the Power of the Auditor to comply with our first Requisition, nor were we able, by any Means, to discover either what the particular Additions were, or at what Times any of them were entered upon the Account prior to the 5th of October last; for the Entries upon the Account are without Date, and no Memorandum or Minute of the Time, or Subject Matter of the Entry is kept in the Offices either of the Auditor or of the Paymaster General. It has been usual for the Pay Office to leave, in different Parts of the Body of the Account, Blanks for Sums not ascertained when the Account is first drawn out, and to fill them up afterwards at such Times when they take the Book back to the Office.

It was in the Power of the Auditor to answer our other Requisition; for all the Additions, since the 5th of October, were entered together at the End of the Charge in the Account. He returned to us a State of them; but the Entries of these Articles being also without the material Circumstances of Dates and Authorities, we annexed a Copy of this Return to a Precept to the Pay Office, requiring an Account of the Times when, and the Warrants and Authorities by which the Sums contained in that Return were respectively paid into the Hands, or placed to the Account, of the Paymaster General of the Forces, with the Dates of such Warrants, and by whom granted. They returned to us this State completed as we desired; it consists of a Variety of Articles, which may be classed under Five Heads: Sums paid to Deputies of Lord Holland, amounting to Nineteen thousand Two hundred Fifty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence — Two Articles of Profit on Remittances, Nine thousand Five hundred Eighteen Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence — Stoppages made by Deputies, Twenty thousand and Twenty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence — the Two Articles pointed out by the Auditor, One thousand Three hundired Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence — and the Three Articles added the 12th of February, Seven hundred Seventy-

four Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence: The Total of these Additions is Fifty thousand Nine hundred Forty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence. The Dates of all of them, except the Two discovered by the Auditor, are comprehended between the Year 1758 and 1765 inclusive; several of the-Sums are di-rested to be paid to, and most of the Stoppages to be made by, the Deputies, pursuant to Warrants of Commanders in Chief; for the Payment of others of them no Authority appears.

All the Articles that were Charges upon Lord Holland, have been several Years ago selected from his Ledger Accounts, and at different Times all inserted in his

6 T Book

£ - d.

39,853. 1. 9

J°.94»- 7- 5*

N*40.

N® 41*

N» 42.

N° 43-

£. 1. 4.

19,155. 6. 11

9,518. 4. 7

*0,015. 19. 5

1,368. 9. 3 774- 7- 3 5°,94*. 7. 5

55° a° Julii. 1783.

Tenth Book of Account: The Additions which were entered Quebec. All the Deputies mentioned in this Return

Report about Christmas last, and the Three entered the 12th of are dead; and all their Accounts have been long since

Accounts. February, complete the Charge against him. It relied made up, except that of Mr. , and that appears

now with Mr. Powell alone to explain to us the Reasons now to be finished.

£. 90,000. why near Ninety thousand Pounds, the Difference be- We required a State of the Balances of the Deputies

tween his Balance in September 1780, and the present to Lord Holland, as they now Hand between such De-

Balance of the Account in the Office of the Auditor, puties and the acting Executor of Lord Holland. By was not included in his Return to our Precept upon the this Return, the Sum now due from them amounts to 27th of September 1780; and for this Purpose we re- Forty-one thousand Six hundred Twenty-six Pounds quired his Attendance. Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence, but for which the

Upon our informing him, at his Desire, of the acting Executor is answerable to the Public.

Subject we intended to examine him upon, he begged The Circumstance in this Enquiry that materially the Indulgence of a few Days for Consideration. Upon concerns the Interest of the Public, is their Claim upon 44* his next Attendance, he delivered to us in Writing a the Ellate of the late Lord Holland: This Claim is much Requell that his Examination might be deferred; alledg- greater than it was conceived to be: According to Mr. ing, that he was informed it was under Consideration, Account (whose Duty it was, and who, as

whether a criminal Prosecution should not be commenced Accountant in the Pay Office from June 1765 to March

against him, on Account of his Examination upon Oath, 1776, and Cashier ever since, and as the only acting

taken by us in February and March 1781, leftQuellians Executor of Lord Holland, must be presumed to know should be put, the Answers to which might tend to with Precision) the total Debt to the Public, upon the accuse himself. Upon producing to us, at his next 27th of September 1780, was Two hundred Fifty-six 45* Attendance, a Copy of an Extract of a Minute of the thousand Four hundred Fifty-six Pounds Two Shillings I-ords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 27th of and Four Pence. What the Balance of the Account February, and being informed by IViUlam Chamberlayne, in the Office of the Auditor might be at that Time, was Esquire, the Solicitor to the Treasury, that a criminal totally immaterial; the Debt to the Public was the Prosecution was in their Contemplation, we pollponed fame, however incomplete that Account was, or what-the Examination of Mr. Powell. ever Entries might be wanting to the Charge or the Dif-

But we did not desist from pursuing such other charge. After the Payments into the Exchequer in the Means of Information upon this Subject as were within Year 1781, this Debt was reduced to Twenty-three our Reach. We had Recourse to the official Books thousand Nine hundred Forty Pounds Seventeen Shil-of the Paymaster General of the Forces (now declared lings and Eight Pence. In February lall the Account by the Legislature to be the Property of the Public) in the Auditor’s Office Hates an Increase, in consequence in the Pay Office of the Army. We directed the of an agreed and pencilled Balance, and of Additions Attendance of Mr. Powell, Mr. Bembridge, and Mr. (except in Two small Articles) voluntarily made to the Colborne, at the Pay Office, that they might not be Charge in the Pay Office, to One hundred Fourteen ignorant of our Proceedings, and might be ready to thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings give us such Information relative to the Accounts, as and Ten Pence. In March laH Mr. Powell paid into we might think proper to require: In their Presence the Exchequer, in part of his Balance, Twenty thousand wc inspected those Books of Lord Holland’s Accounts, Pounds, which reduced it to Ninety-four thousand Seven from whence the Articles added to the Charge in his hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence; final Account, and included in the Return made to us a Sum to which the Public has at this Time confelfedly from the Pay Office, had been extracted. an undoubted Right: But this Sum too may be varied

From this Inspection, and from the Examination of by Two Articles not yet decided, the one in the N» 46. Mr. John Colborne, we find, that such of those Articles Charge, the other in the Discharge.

as confifi of Payments made to Deputy Paymasters, In the Charge upon the final Account of Lord had long ago been entered in the proper Books be- Holland, there is an Article of Twenty-nine thousand longing to each respective Deputy, as Charges against Six hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eleven. Shillings and Six him. It is usual for the Deputies Abroad to return Pence Profit on Exchange made by Peter Taylor, to the Pay Office in London, as often as they have Esquire, his Deputy in Germany. In order to check Opportunity, Accounts of their Receipts and Pay- this Article, the Auditor has frequently required from ments, down as low as to the Date of their Accounts, the Pay Office the Materials from whence this Sum with the Vouchers. The Accounts are immediately was computed and made out He was furnished about examined in the Office, and entered in the Books of Christmas laH with a Book, dated the 12th of May each respective Deputy; and when the Account of 1764, under the Signature of Peter Taylor, intituled, the Year, to which these Receipts and Payments be- " Account of Profit and Lose to the Public on all Pay-long, is made up for the Auditor, these Articles are " ments made by Peter Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in polled to their separate Accounts in the Ledger. " Germany? The Auditor has examined this Book, The Two Articles Hated in the Return, as Profit on and discovered in it Variety of Errors, to the Amount Remittances, were made of; one of them about the of Eight thousand Five hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Year 1764, under the Direction of Mr. Nicholls, the Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, in favour of the then Accountant of the Pay Office; the other about Public: He sent his Observations upon these Errors to Four or Five Years ago, under the Direction of Mr. Air. Powell the 23d of February, in consequence of Powell.The Stoppages are taken from the Accounts which, some of the Articles objected to have been ex-£ (< 4, of the Deputies, and entered in their respective Books, amined on the Part of Lord Holland, and found to agree

*<v>*s- 19. j. All the Articles, composing the Sum of Twenty thou- with the Computations of the Auditor: The reH are as fund and Twenty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and yet unexamined. In the Discharge, the Article of Two Five Pence, the Amount of the Stoppages, were polled thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds Seven-into the Ledger, to the Accounts of the proper Deputies, teen Shillings and Ten Pence, is under the Confi-previous to the Year 1772, when the final Account deration of the Lords of the Treasury. They have was sent to the Auditor; and one of these Articles not decided whether they shall admit or rejeCl the 6,854. 7. 6. in Lift is Six thousand Eight hundred Fifty-four Claim of Mr. Powell to be allowed this Sum among Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, confuting of his Payments. Should this Article be disallowed. Stoppages by Mr. Powell, as Deputy Paymaster at and the Errors in the Profit and Loss Account be t. found.

N"47-£ < 41,6*6.19. 4.

*56456. *. 4.

13.940-17. t.

114,756. 6.10.

10,000. o. o. 94,736. 6. !>

*9.656. n> 6.

*.J77- »J >o*

*,*45. 17. I*.

21 Geo. III. 2° Juliu 531

t d found to be real, the Sum due to the Public will be One 106,i$9. >8. 6. hundred and Six thousand One hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Hence appears the present State of the Debt due to the Public from the Representatives of Lord

Holland, as Paymaster General of the Forces. The Public have, at all Events, an undoubted Right to 94,736. 6.10. the Sum of Ninety-four thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence; and therefore, in Obedience to the Act that regulates our Conduct, we report it as oui; Opinion, that the Representatives of Lord Holland ought, without Delay, to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, upon the Terms mentioned in the Act of the 21st of 94,716. 6.10. jj8 present Majesty, Chapter 48th, the Sum of Ninety-four thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, to be applied to the Service of the Public; and as it is highly expedient, as well for the Quiet of the Persons interested, as for the Satisfaction of the Public, that an Account so long depending, and of so remote a Period, should be brought to a Conclusion, we are of Opinion the doubtful Articles should forthwith be examined and decided upon, and the Balance (truck between the Public and the Accountant, and this Account be presented for Declaration.

In the States of the Accounts of the Paymasters General of the Forces, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, the Accounts (landing next after the final Account of Lord , are those of the Right

honourable Richard Rigby. It appears from these States, that Two of his Accounts, the one for Half a Year ending the 24th of December 1768, the other for the next Year ending the 24th of December 1769, are balanced and attested. An Objection made by the Auditors, relative to Omissions in the Civil List Deduction, retards their Declaration. Since the 16th of Nan:ember 1780, Four more Accounts of the Four Succeeding Years have been delivered into the Auditor’s Office: They are under Examination, and in different Stages towards their Completion. The Auditor docs not appear to have received any Account from the Pay Office of a Year subsequent to that of 1773. He proceeds upon the Pay Office Accounts as soon as they are sent to him. When Objections arise from Mistakes, Omissions, Articles that require Explanation, or Want of Vouchers, those Objections are transmitted to the Pay Office to be corrected, explained, or supplied. Answers are returned, sometimes shortly after the Observations are sent, sometimes not until long after; and the Auditor is retarded in completing the Accounts for Want of a regular Attention to his Applications. The first Step must certainly be taken by the Pay Office, that is, the Delivery of the Account to the Auditor, with the Vouchers. By the Dates of the Delivery, as they are stated by him, they have not been sent to him until long after the Year of the Account has been elapsed. The Accounts of the Years 1768 and 1769 were not delivered until Ten Years after. We do not, therefore, find that the Imputation of Delay lies in the Office of the Auditor. The Pay Office seems lately to have been more attentive to this N# 48. Duty: We fee by their Lift of Accounts delivered into the Office of the Auditor, that Five Accounts, down to the Year 1769, were delivered in the Year 1779; Two for the Years 1770 and 1771, in the Year 1780; and Two for the Years 1772 and 1773, in the Year 1782.

Considering the Account, as drawn up in the Pay Office for the Purpose of being examined and checked in another Office, there seem to be in the State, in which it is transmitted to the Auditor, feme Defects that require Correction. The Entries of many of the Articles are without Dates and Authorities: These are Vo 1. 39.

the distinguishing Marks of similar Articles, and the Tenth Omission of them tends to confound the Auditor, and Report may be the Means of Fraud or Concealment. Every "

Article both of Receipt and Payment should be entered, ccounts* with its Date and the Authority which directs it, in the Account of the Year in which the Sum is actually received and paid. It is not the Account of the Year it purports to be, unless it comprehends all the known Receipts and Payments of that Year. Can any good Realbn be assigned, why Sums, received by the Deputies and entered in the Books of those Deputies in the Pay Office, in the Year 1758, (liould be left out of their proper Place, the Account of the Year 1758 (which was not delivered to the Auditor until 1768) and continue to be omitted in every Succeeding Account, until the last of that Paymaster General, the Account of the Year 176.5, and not even there inserted until the Year 1782 ? Twenty-four Years after they were entered as Charges upon that Paymaster General in the Books of the Office.

The Account is sent to the Auditor, with Blanks for Sums in the Body of it: After he has examined it as far as he is able, it is taken back again to the Pay Office, the Blanks filled up, and Corrections and Additions made to it at their Pleasure, without the Knowledge of the Auditor; and this, frequently in the Progress of the Examination. This Practice is inconvenient and dangerous: It increases the Trouble of the Officer; it confounds the Articles he has examined with those he has not; Alterations may be made in the former to the Prejudice of the Public, and pass unobserved by the Auditor. We are of Opinion that the Account, w hen once delivered to the Auditor, ought to remain in his Office until it is completed, and all Additions and Corrections after the Delivery be made at his Office, and with his Privity.

There are feme Articles in the voluntary Charge, of whose Accuracy the Auditor cannot judge for want of sufficient Materials: These are Profit on Exchange and Remittances, some of the Payments to the Deputies, and feme Of the Stoppages. The Vouchers produced to the Auditor for these Charges, are Accounts made up and signed by the Accountant of the Pay Office.

A voluntary Charge is an Admission of the Receipt of a Sum on Account, as far as it goes; but it may be erroneous or defective, or Sums received may be suppressed; and the Account of an Officer in the same Office can be no Check by which such Errors may be discovered. The Auditor should be fumiffied with the same Materials from which the Accountant col-lefts the Charge. Had not Peter Taylor's own Account of Profit and Loft by Exchange been at last produced to the Auditor, the Error of Eight thousand £.8,577.13.10. Five hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence had never been brought in Question, and the Right of the Public might have been (0 far violated.

In the Account of the Additions to the Charge in Lord Holland's final Account, returned to us from the Pay Office, is the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds, received of Major Gates by Mr. Mort a Deputy Paymaster: This Sum had been issued to him by Warrant from General Monckton; and consequently Major Gates must be set Insuper for that Sum in the Account of Lord Holland. Major Gates paid it back to Mr.

Mortier, who gave him a Receipt for it: Unlefe Major Gates pafles his Account of this Sum in the Office of the Auditor (an Event not very probable) this Receipt, which is the only Evidence to charge Mr. Mortier, can never appear against him; and consequently this Sum might have dept in the Hands of the Deputy, or, upon his charging himself with it, in the Hands of the Paymaster General, without being discovered by the Auditor. We are, therefore, of Opinion, that no Money should be paid into the Hands of the

Paymaster

1

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

N’49-

53^ 2° Julii. A. 1783,

Paymaster General, or his Deputy, unless by Warrant; and that a Cony or Extract of such Warrant, if it proceeds from a (Commander in Chief, should be transmitted to the Treasury, as the Evidence of the Charge upon the Paymaster General of the Forces.

The Business of the Auditor of the Imprest, to be collected from his Commission, is, to audit the Accounts of most of the Receivers, and of all the Officers and Persons entrusted with the Expenditure of the Public Revenue. Possibly this Office might formerly have been able to accomplish this Duty; but such has been the Increase of the Revenue within these few Years, that the Accounts are grown to a Number, Magnitude, and Extent, greatly beyond what could have been fore-seen. The Accounts, which at this Day remain for the Audit of the Exchequer, are Seventy-four Millions, the Issues of Twenty-one Years, for the Navy Service; Fifty-eight Millions, the Issues of Eighteen Years, for the Army Service; near Thirty-nine Millions ifftied to Sub-Accountants; together, One hundred Seventy-one Millions; the Receipts and Issues of all the Provisions for the Support of the Land Forces in America and the West Indies during the late War: All these Accounts must be passed. The Public have a Right and good Cause to demand it. If, according to the present Constitution of the Exchequer, they can be passed no where but in the Office of the Auditor, that Constitution should be altered. Such of the Accounts as may appear the most proper to be removed, should be transferred from his Office to such other Offices as may, from their peculiar Circumstances, and the Relation they bear to the Subject Matter of the Accounts, be presumed to be the belt qualified for the Examination of them.

Wherever an Office is instituted for the Purpose of examining and controlling Accounts previous to their Examination by the Auditor, and that Office is so formed as to answer the Use intended, and the Officers do their Duty, it seems to us to render any subsequent Examination superfluous, and an unnecessary Expence to the Public. Upon this Principle we suggested the Exemption of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy from the Jurisdiction of the Auditor. The same Principle leads us to relieve him from the Accounts of the Army. Parts of these Accounts, and those very considerable, — the Execution of the Contracts, and the Expenditure of the Extraordinaries, — according to the present Usage, pass the Office of the Controller of the Army Accounts previous to their Examination by the Auditor. As far as appears to us, the Examinations by the Controller are sufficient, and consequently those of the Auditor may be dispensed with. If the Office of the Controller is so constituted, that these Species of Accounts may safely rest upon his Examination (and the Treasury rely so much upon it, that they direct Payments upon his Reports without waiting for the Confirmation of the Auditor) he must be equally qualified to pass the rest of the Accounts of the Army: The latter are not more difficult than the former; nor does it require greater Talents to examine the one than the other.

Though the Business of the Controller is at present confined to these particular Branches, yet he seems to have been originally intended for a more extensive Employment. By his Commission, in the 2d Year of Queen Anne, he is created Controller of all Accounts relating to the Forces; and, by the last Instructions for the Conduct of the Office, dated 28th of 1704, be is to keep an Account of all Monies issued to the Paymaster General of the Forces, and to take Care he is charged therewith.

The Time seems to be come, when the State of the Business in the Office of the Auditor renders it necessary to carry into Execution the Intention of Queen Anne in the Institution of this Office, and to extend its

Duty to all the Accounts of the Army. The Two Offices of Controller and Paymaster General are lb unconnected and independent of each other, that the first may be with Safety placed as a Check upon the other. One entire Species of Public Expenditure will be the Employment of One Office; which, though but one Species of Expenditure, is yet, from the Number and Variety of its Branches, and from the long Arrears suffered to be incurred, fully sufficient to engage the continual Labour of any One Office for a Time not easily to be defined. Should the Treasury be dissatisfied with the Report of the Controller, upon any particular Account or Article, or require farther Information, it will continue to be, as it is now, in their Power to refer it to the Auditor for his Examination and Opinion.

For these Reasons we are of Opinion, that the auditing the Accounts of the Paymaster General of the Forces should be transferred from the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest to that of the Controller of the Accounts of the Army; that the Pay Office of the Army should complete such Accounts of the Paymaster General of the Forces, as have been already delivered into the Office of the Auditor, and that the Auditor should proceed without Delay to finish and pass such Accounts; and that all Army Accounts, subsequent to those already delivered into the Office of the Auditors, and all future Accounts of Paymasters General of the Forces, should be sent to the Office of the Controller of the Accounts of the Army, and be examined and audited by him, and inrolled in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer.

We required from the Auditor of the Imprest, a List of the Fees on passing the Account of the Year 1767 (the Year that had been under our Examination) with the Rate at which such Fees were taken. We required, likewise, from the Controller of the Accounts of the Army, an Account of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the Officers and Clerks in his Office. From the State of the Fees returned to us by the Auditor, it appears that he is paid at the Rate of Ten Shillings a Year for every Troop and Company, and a Fee of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year for the Account of the Paymaster General, and of Seventy Pounds a Year for the Account of the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital. The Deputy had One hundred Guineas, and the Clerks Fifty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings. The Amount of all the Fees, for these Two Accounts of the Year 1767, payable to the Auditor, was Seven hundred and Six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence; and of those payable for passing them through the Exchequer Offices, One hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings.

In the Office of the Controller of the Accounts of the Army, the Two Controllers have each a Salary of Seven hundred Forty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, reduced, by the Army Deductions and the Land Tax, to nett Five hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence a Year. They have no other Emolument, except such Saving as may be made out of their contingent Allowance. The Secretary and Clerks received, until very lately, Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, which, in the Year 1781, amounted to the nett Sum of Three thousand One hundred Ninety-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence: But this Mode of Payment has been changed to an Allowance of One Eighth per Cent. upon the Sum contained in the Account, in lieu of Fees and Gratuities: This is allowed the Contractor in his Account, and is consequendy a Charge upon the Public.

Should the auditing the Accounts of the Paymaster General of the Forces be transferred to this Office, it will be a Saving to the Public of feme Part, though not the Whole, of the Expence now incurred in the

Office

N* 50.

n°5i.:

706. 9. XO.

138. 9. O.

749.19. I.

558. 16. 8.

3.198- 9- ♦-

2$ Geo. III. 2* Julii*533

Office of the Auditor; for so great an Increase of the Business in the Office of the Controller, will probably require some Addition to the Establishment in that Office.

The Compensation to the Controllers themselves, for the Execution of this Office, is a certain fixed Salary only. Why the Secretary and Clerks are not paid in like Manner does not appear. The One Eighth Cent, allowed them on the Sum contained in the Account, does not ieeni to be grounded on any Rule of Proportion between the Labour and the Reward; for this Poundage may, from the Magnitude of the Contract, amount to a very considerable Sum, without a proportionable Increase in the Trouble arising from the Examination of the Account; and therefore we fee no Reulon why the Rule of substituting one certain Salary, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, and ‘Emoluments whatever, adopted in the same of the Principals, should not

be extended to all the Subordinates in this Office.

Office of Accounts, Surrey Street, ift July 1783. T. Anguish, A. Piggott, RichdNeave, Saint Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond. (l. s.) (l. s.) (l. S.) (l. s.) (l. s.)

A P P E N D I X.

N* 1.

GEORGE R.

ORDERS and Instructions to be observed in the Payment of Our Royal Bounty to the Widows of Officers who have or shall be killed, or die, in Our Service; and likew ile in the Payment of the Provision that hath been made, or shall hereafter be made, by Parliament, to the Widows of such reduced Officers who have or shall die on Our British Establishment of Half Pay. ift. We do hereby declare it to be Our Intention, that the Pensions which We are pleased to allow to the said Widows, shall be according to the following Regulations, by virtue of the Commissions by which their respective Hufbunds did receive Pay, and not by Brevets, except We shall think fit in any same expressly to direct otherwise.

REGULATIONS.

Colonels Widow - £. 50

Lieutenant Colonel’s - - 40

Major’s - - - - 30

Captain’s - - 26

Captain Lieutenant’s - - 20

Lieutenant’s - 20

Cornet's, Ensign’s, and Second 1 Lieutenant’s, each - -J 16 per Annum.

Chaplain’s - - 16

Adjutant’s - - 16

Quarter Master’s - 16

Surgeon’s - - 16

Solicitor’s - 16

1. That such Widows shall be entitled to receive

Our Bounty intended for Widow s, whole Husbands have been killed or died in our Service, as shall be named in a List or Lists under our Royal Sign Manual, containing the Names and Qualities of all such Widows whom We shall think fit Objects of this Our Bounty, with the respective Pensions or Allowances which it is Our Pleasure you shall pay them, from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due.

3d. That every Widow of any Officer of Our Land Forces, At I10 shall hereafter claim Our Bounty, shall,

Vo l. 39.

within Convenient Time, produce to Our Secretary Tenth at War, for the Time being, a Certificate, signed by Report the Colonel, or in his Absence by the Commanding Officer, and Agent of the respective Regiment in which her Husband served, certifying, to the best of their Knowledge, that such Widow was the real Wife of the Officer for whom they certify: In which Certificate shall likewise be exprefi’ed, the Time when such Officer w^s killed or died, and where, in Our Service, as well as the Manner of his Death; which, together' with the Condition and Circumstances of the said Widow, We do hereby require to be laid before Us, by Our said Secretary at War, in order to Our signifying to you Our Directions under Our Sign Manual.

4th. That every Widow of a Marine Officer that shall hereafter claim Our Bounty, shall produce to you a Warrant, made out and signed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Our Lord High Admiral (whillt Our Marine Forces are under the Direction of that Board) directing you to pay such Widow or W idows of Marine Officers Our Bounty, in such Manner, and according to the same Allowances or Yearly Pension, which you are hereby authorized to pay to the Widows of Our Land Forces, bearing equal Rank in our Service, so that such Widow or Widows may be inserted in a Warrant to be signed by Us, empowering you to pay her or their respective Pensions accordingly; but in case it shall happen that Our Marine Forces shall cease to be under the Direction of Our Admiralty Board,

ft/ 7

you are then to observe and follow the same Instructions for inserting the Names of such Widows of Marine Officers as shall afterwards claim our Bounty, as are hereby given concerning the Widows of Officers of Our Land Forces.

5th. That no other Widow shall be hereafter entitled to receive Our Bounty, until her Pretensions have been duly laid before Us by Our Secretary at War as aforesaid, and We have signified to you Our Approbation thereof under Our Royal Sign Manual; which shall be your sufficient Authority to pay such Pensions or Allowance as is hereby directed.

6th. That you shall not make any Payment of this Our Royal Bounty to any other Person or Uses whatso- ever, without Our particular Warrant authorizing you so to do.

7th. That every Widow, before (he receives her Pension, shall deliver to you an Affidavit, sworn to by her before a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, that the is a Widow, and hath no other Pension or Allowance from Us, either in Great Britain or Ireland.

8th. That as any Regiment which contributes towards railing the Fund for this Bounty, shall be transferred to Our Kingdom of Ireland \the Widow of any Officer who did belong to such Regiment shall ceale to be paid otherwise than in Ireland.

9th. And we do hereby further declare it to be Our Intention, that the Provision which hath been made, or shall hereafter be allowed, by Parliament, to the Widows of such reduced Officers who have or shall die on our British Establishment of Half Pay, shall be according to the before-mentioned Regulation, in respect to the Quality in which their respective Husbands did receive Pay on our Establishment of Half Pay at the Day of such Death.

loth. That every Widow that shall hereafter claim to be put on the Estimate Annually delivered in to Parliament, for Widows of such reduced Officers of our Land Forces and Marines, who have died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, shall bring and deliver to Our Secretary at War, for the Time being, a Certificate signed by Two or more creditable Persons, that the is the Widow of such Officer; that he did serve as an Officer of the Land Forces before the 25th Day of December 1716; that

6U . the

Tenth Report on i'ublic Accounts.

534 »°

the was married to him before that Time: In which Certificate shall likewise be expressed in what Quality her said Husband died upon the Establishment of Half Pay, and the Time when such Officer died; and that, to the best of their Belief, (lie has ever since continued the Widow of the said Officer, without any Provision from the Government either in Great Britain or Ireland: And every Widow shall likewise make Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace to the Truth of the said Certificate.

1 ith. That every Widow of a reduced Officer, before the receives her Pension, shall deliver you an Affidavit, fworu to by her before a Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, that her Husband did serve as an Officer of the Land Forces, before the 25th of December 1716, and that (he was married to him before that Time; and that (he Hill continues the Widow of the said Officer, without any Provision from the Government either in Great Britain or Ireland.

12 th. That such Widow shall be entitled to receive the Provision intended for. Widows, whose Husbands have died on Our Establishment of Half Pay, as shall be named in a List or Lists under Our Royal Sign Manual, containing the Names and Qualities of all such Widows for whom Provision hath been made, or shall hereafter be made, by Parliament; which respective Provisions it is Our Pleasure you shall pay them, according to such List or Lists as aforesaid.

13th. That timely Application be made to the Paymaster General of Our Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces in Great Britain, and Forces Abroad, to have Money sufficient to discharge the ensuing Four Months Payment of the respective Pensions or Provisions directed by Us as aforesaid.

14th. That Once in every Four Months, if you shall have in your Hands a sufficient Sum for this Use, you shall make Payment of the respefitive Pensions or Provisions allowed the Widows of Officers directed by us as aforesaid, without any Deduction whatsoever; taking a Receipt for the fame, attested by One W’itness.

ijth. That in case any Widow shall not appear in Person to receive her Pension or Provision, her Attorney shall, before Payment, produce the like Affidavit, sworn to by the said Widow, with a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister and Church Wardens of the Parish where such Widow inhabits or resides, that Hie is living, and to the best of their Knowledge still a Widow.

lGth. That as any of the said Widows shall die, or marry again, their Pensions or Provisions shall cease and determine from the Time of such Death or Marriage.

17th. That you carefully observe and follow such Orders, Instructions, and Directions, as We shall at any Time give you under Our Sign Manual.

18th. And We do hereby declare Our further Pleasure to be, That Twelve Pence, for every Twenty Shillings which you shall receive and pay by virtue hereof, or any of Our Special Warrants or Establishments in that Behalf, shall be allowed you for your Expences, Care, and Pains in this Service; which shall not be deducted out of the Pensions, Provisions, Allowances, or otherwise, paid by you; but the Auditors of our Imprefts are hereby required and authorized to allow you in your Accounts, in Part of your Discharge of the Money received by you, without any further or other Warrant from Us in this Behalf, or your being subject to render any Account of the fame.

19th. And for your regular Discharge of and from all Sums that shall be received and paid by you for this Use, We hereby direct and order, that Annual Accounts be kept by you of all your Receipts and Payments for the said Service, and rendered upon Oath

Julii. A. 1783.

to Our Auditors of Our Imprefts, Jor One of them, who are hereby required and authorized to certify and allow the fame, upon producing to them, or to One of them, Our Orders or Warrants for the Payments made by you in pursuance of these Our Orders and Instructions, and Receipts for the fame, under the Hands of the Parties, or their Attornies or Assigns, whose State or Certificate of your Accounts we declare shall be deemed from Time to Time a full, sufficient, and final Discharge and Quietus unto you for all your Receipts and Payments, without your making or passing any other or further Account to Us, in Our Exchequer, or otherwise, for the fame: To all which Orders and Infractions you are hereby required to conform and behave yourself accordingly; and for lo doing, this shall be to you a sufficient Warrant. Given at our Court at St. James's this 27th Day of Apr 1770, in the Tenth Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Barrington.

To Our trusty and well-

beloved the Honourable

Henry Edward Fox, A true Copy.

Esquire. Lems.

N° 2.

The Examination of John Porvell, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 2d, 11th, and 15th of April 1783.

THIS Examinant faith, That he was, until very lately, Deputy to the Honourable Ilenr) Eduard , Paymaster of the Widows Pensions: lie had been in that Office before, and ever since, the Year 1771.

The Business of this Office is carried on at the War Office by Two Persons; the one employed by the Secretary at War, the other by the Deputy Paymaster; the Principal has not, as he believes, ever executed any Part of it; he has been for feme Years in North America.

He received for this Service Sums upon Account from the Pay Office of the Army, and from the Marine Pay Office, and applied for them Two or Three Times a Year to the Army Pay Office, and occasionally to the Marine Pay Office.

The Sums for this Service arise from the Allowance to Widows voted upon the Establishment. This Fund, in Time of War, produces more than is wanted for the Service; and in Time of Peace it has produced, as he believes, sufficient for the Service.

The Account kept of the Issues for this Service, in the Pay Office, specifies out of what Year’s Produce the Sum is issued; and during the Time of the same Paymaster General, the full Produce of each Year is generally received from the Pay Office before any Ift'uc is made out of the Produce of the succeeding Year.

The Annual Produce has so far exceeded the Demands for the Service, that in the Year 1780, the Produce for the Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779, amounting to One hundred Thirteen thousand Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, was applied by Parliament in Aid of the Extraordinaries incurred between the 31st of January 1779 and the lft of February 1780, and not provided for by Parliament.

The Payments are made every Four Months, upon an Establishment made out every Year by the Secretary at War; the Widow, to entitle herself to Payment, must produce, by herself or her Agent, her Affidavit of her being the Widow of the Officer, and that ffie is not otherwise provided for by Government, and give a Receipt for the Money: The Establishment,

2$ Geo. III. 2° Julii. . 535

with the Affidavit and Receipt, is his Voucher to the Auditor of the Imprest. The Account for the Year 1780 is in the Office of Lord and 1781 in

the Office of Lord Sondes.

This Examinant further faith. That the Account signed by him, dated 25th of March 1783, and delivered to this Board, contains, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, a true Account of the Sums received and paid by him for the Years therein mentioned, except that the Sum of Thirty-four thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings, inserted in the Column of Payments for the Year 1781, contains the Sum of Twenty thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, paid back by him to the Paymaster General of the Forces; which was Part of the Savings upon this Service applied by Parliament the preceding Year: That the Balance in his Hands, on Account of the Widows Pensions, upon the 24th of December last, was Twenty-four thousand Three hundred Fifty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence: That he received, the 4th of February last, for the Marine Widows, One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence: That he has paid to the Widows, since the 25th of December last, Four thousand Six hundred Ninety-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sevenpence; and on the 21st of March last, to Mr. Moore, the present Deputy Paymaster, pursuant to a Letter from the Secretary at War, dated the 19th of March, Twenty-one thousand Pounds; which leaves a Balance in his Hands of Three hundred Fifty Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence only.

In Powell.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 3.

The Examination of John , Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 7th and llth of April 1783.

This Examinant faith, that he was Deputy Auditor of the Imprest to Lewis Lord Sondes, and made up the Account of the Honourable Hcmy Edxeard Far, Receiver and Paymaster of His Majesty’s Royal Bounty to the Widows of Officers, for Two Years, ending the 24th December 1779.

It has been usual, ever since he has been Deputy, which is about Twenty Years, to make up there, Accounts for Two Years together.

The Deputy Paymaster of these Pensions has been, for many Years, an Officer in the Pay Office; and the Deputy has always pafi’cd the Account, and not the Principal.

The Deputy Paymaster fends to the Auditor’s Office, Pay Office Certificates of the Sums that have been ifl'ued to him; and a Book of Account comprehending all his Receipts and Payments for the Two Years, with the Establishment for each Year; and the Certificates and Attestation of each Widow, of her Marriage, Widowhood, and not being otherwise provided for by Government; and the Acquittance of the Person receiving. The Pay Office Certificates are the Vouchers for the Charge; the Establishments, with the Certificates and Receipts, are the Vouchers for the Discharge: After the Account is examined, and the Balance agreed upon with the Accountant, he tigns an Abstract of the whole Account, inserted at the End of the Book of Account, and swears to the Truth of it before the Deputy Auditor. This is the Form of parting an Account of a Paymaster 9f the Widows Pensions; it is not declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, nor is Vol. 39-

it passed through the Exchequer Offices; The Duplicate Tenth of the official Account remains in the Office of the Report Auditor, the other Part is delivered to the Accountant, °" i>ubl‘c

1 . Accounts.

and is his Quietus.

The Fees allowed for making up this Account for the Years 1778 and 1779 were, a Poundage of One Shilling on the Sum paid and allowed, amounting to One thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds and One Penny; to John Powell, Esquire, for his extraordinary Trouble, by Warrant, Two hundred Pounds; for the usual Fees and Disbursements paid for stating, examining, and parting this Account, One hundred Sixty-five Pounds: Of this last Sum Mr. Powell received One Third Part, as had been usual, and the rest was for the Use of the Auditor.

John Lloyd.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N 4-

The Examination of Mr. John Davies; taken upon Oath, the 15th of April 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is a Clerk in the War Office, and has been for above Twenty Years employed in the Payment of the Widows Pensions: He is appointed by the Secretary at War. This Business is tranla&ed by himself, and by One more Clerk, who does not belong to the War Office, but is appointed by the Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions. It is his Business to keep the Books, and to make out the Establishments, the Warrants, the Certificates, the Affidavits, and the Receipts. He fees the Payments made, and witnesses the Receipts. The Business of the other Clerk is, to bring the Money from the Deputy Paymaster of the Widows, and to pay to them the Sums due for their Pensions.

For this Business he receives from the Secretary at War a Salary of Ninety-two Pounds a Year; and each Widow, when Hie first receives her Pension, pays by Custom Two Guineas, and at the Rate of Six Shillings a Year afterwards; which last Sums are equally divided between him and the other Clerk. He does not receive, for the Execution of this Office, any other Fee or Emolument whatever, except that he has occasionally, once in a few Years, accepted a Present of a few Guineas.

John Davies.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 5.

The Examination of Mr. Keene Stables; taken upon Oath, 15th April 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is a Clerk in the Pay Office, and also employed in the Payment of the Widows Pensions; he was appointed by the Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions. It is his Business to Pay the Pensions to the Widows, for which Purpose he received Money from the Deputy Paymaster.

The Widows are paid every Four Months. At the Beginning of a Payment he attends for a whole Week j and every Wednesday in the succeeding Weeks, are Days of Payment. At the Beginning he applies for and receives from the Deputy Paymaster Two thousand Pounds; and when that Sum is exhausted, he

applies,

1

1

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

556 5 0 Julii.A. 1783.

applies, from Time to Time, for such a Sum as he thinks will be wanted. He pays the Widows fomedmes in Caih, and sometimes by Drafts. He also makes out the Book containing the Account of the Payments for this Service, which is delivered into the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, when the Deputy Paymaster pafles his Accounts there. The Deputy Paymalier transacts no Part of the Business hirnfel^ except supplying the Money.

He receives no Salary for the Execution of this Office,

nor any Fee or Emolument, except from the Widows; One Guinea upon their being put upon the Establish-ment, and a Shilling for each Four Months, and the odd Pence, amounting in the Whole to about One hundred and Ten Pounds a Year.

K. Stables.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggot,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 6.

Av ACCOUNT of Deductions from the Pay of the Land Forces for the Use of Officers Widows, from the 25th December 1771 to the 24th December 1781, both inclusive, being Ten Years; viz.

Grok Sum. Poundage. Hospital. Remains.

& s» d. I- s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

For the Years 1772 ... 6,933 12 — 846 3 H 46 7 2 16,040 11 1*

- - - - 1773 16,887 6 8 844 7 5* 46 6 3 15,996 42 n{

- - - 1774 16,887 6 8 844 7 5r 46 6 3 , 15,996 12 nf

- m - - 1775 17,703 6 8 885 3 5i 48 10 7* 16,769 12 7

- - - - 1775 Additional Compa- 18

nies 1,114 3 4 55 14 2 3 1 if 1,055 — I

- - - - 1776 22,018 — 1,100 18 u 60 5 7i 20,856 16 2f

- - - - 1777 Additional Compa- 16 276

nies 292 — — 4 12 — — 12 —

- - - 1777 22,75 3 4 1,137 11 8 62 6 8 21,551 15 —

- - . m 1778 26,169 13 4 1,308 9 8 7i 4 1 z 24.789 9 7f

- - - - 779 30,588 — — 1,529 8 1* 83 15 10 28,974 16 — f

- - - " 1780 - 34,865 5 4 1,743 5 3f 95 10 2* 33,026 9 10

— . 1781 - 35,635 — 8 1,781 15 if 97 12 6f 33,755 13 —

Total Land Forces for Ten Years £. 241,845 18 — 12,092 6 Si 662 12 4 f 229,090 9 4f

ACCOUNT of Deductions from the Pay of the Marine Forces, for the Use of the Officers Widows, from lft January 1772 to 31st December 1781, both Days inclusive, being Ten Years;

Grok Sum. Poundage. Hospital. Remains.

c * d. c s. d. L s d. £ s. d

For the Years 1772 854 — — 42 14 — 2 6 8 808 19 4

- - - - 1773 - . - 851 13 4 42 11 8 2 6 8 806 15 —

- - - - 774 - . - 851 13 4 42 11 8 2 6 8 806 15 —

- - - - 1775 - - 851 13 4 42 11 8 2 6 8 806 15 —

mm - - 1776 - - 881 — — 44 1 — 2 8 4 834 10 8

- - - - 1777 - - - 1,034 3 4 51 14 2 2 16 8 979 12 6

- - - - 1778 - 1,236 10 — 16 16 8 3 7 10 1,171 1,482 5 6

- - - 1779 - . - 1,565 10 — 78 5 6 4 5 8 18 10

- - - - 1780 - . - 1,689 17 4 84 9 7i 4 12 6 1,600 15 2f

- - 1781 - - - 1,784 — — 89 4 — 4 17 9 1,689 18 3

Total Marines for Ten Years # - £ 11,600 — 8 579 19 nf 31 15 5 10,988 5 3f

ACCOUNT

43 Geo. III.

537

Julii-

ACCOUNT of Money xpted by Parliament for the Use of Widows <* «P»» *’»)’>

being for Seren Years, from 2.5th December «77‘ *> 34th December t778, which wet. added to the

Establishment of Full Pay Officers Widows.

For the Year 1772 -

1773

- - - - *774

- *775

- - . - 1776

..... 1777 ~

- - - - 1778 -

£ s. di

644----

628-----

628-----

628----

608----

370----

238----

Tenth Report un Public Accounts

Total of the Allowance to Half Pay Officers Widows - - £. 3,744----

1

N* 7.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Balance in the Hands, Custody, or Power of the Honourable Henry Edward Fax, Paytrfafter bf Widows'Pensions, upon the 24th of December 1772; and of the Total Sums received and paid 4)ythe*feid Henry Edward Fox, from the 25 th of December 1772 to the 24th of December 1773, and for every

Year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December 1782; with the Tot*) of the Balances remaining in his Hands, Custody, or Power at the End of each Year.

Received. — " ti Paid. Balance.

£. 3. d. £ s. d. £. $. d.

Balance upon 24th December 1772 33,340 2 10

From 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773 m *3*246 9 11 11,769 11 4 1,476 18 7

Balance upon 24th December 1773 34,817 1 5

Anno 1774 - - - 17,103 17 7 11,834 7 3 5,269 10 4

Balance upon 24th December 1774 40,086 11 9

Anno 1775 - - - 28,500 17 6 13,188 it 8 15,312 14 10

Balance upon 24th Dfetenlber 1775 - 55,^99 6 7

Anno 1776 - - - i5,*47 6 — »3,9i6 — 3 i,93i 5 9

Balance upon 24th December 177ft m 57,330 12 4

Anno 1777 - - * 15,831 3 6 13,221 7 10 2,609 15 8

Balance upon 24th December 1777 - - m ' m 59,940 8 r

Anno 1778 - 16,976 5 4 13,663 14 6 3,312 10 10 ,

Balance upon 24th December 1778 7 — 63,252 18 10

Anno 1779 - m - - 16,946 18 — 15,102 14 8 1,838 3 4

Balance upon 24th December 1779; 65,99 tr .2 2

Anno 1780 - - - m 1,482 18 10 16,235 10 i [ 14,75211 3

Balance upon 24th December 1780 ! 30,3^ 1011

Anno 1781 - . m m 1,666 15 — 1 34,063 it — 32,46216 — .

Balance upon 24th December 1781 m 17,375 14 11

Anno 1782? - - - m m 22, OOOO — 15,523 12 5 M76 7 7

Balance upon 24th December 1782 £. 24,352 2 6

Bennet Street,

25th March 1783. Jrt Powell,

late Deputy Paym*.

VOL. 39.

6%

N*8.

a® Julii

A. 1783.

Tfnth R<® pt-rt on.i'ublic Accounts.

S38

N® 8.

Gentlemen, Bennet Street, 9th April 1783-

In Obedience to your Precept of the 4th Instant, I beg Leave to inform you, that my Receipts and Payments, as Deputy to the Honourable Henry Edward Fox, Paymaster of Widows Pensions, from the 25th of December last, are as as follows; viz'.

Balance to 24th December 1782 - -- -- - 24,352 2 6

1783. February 4th. Received of Gabriel Steward, Esquire, for Marine Widows, to 24th

December 1781 ------ 1,689 18 3

26,042 — 9

£. s. d.

Paid Widows, between 25th December 1782 and 20th March 1783 4,691 15 7

1783. March 21ft. Paid Mr. Moore, the present Deputy to the said Henry Edward Fox, pursuant to the Direction of the Secretary at War's Letter, of 19th March 1783 ----- 2t,oooo — . —

-------- — 25,691 15 7

Balance in my Hands - - - 350 5 2

I am, Gentlemen, your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

To the Commissioners of Public Accounts. Powell.

c

N* 9.

The Examination of Edward Moore, Esquire; taken upon Oah, 2d May 1783. 1

This Examinant faith, That by a Letter from the late Secretary at War, dated about the 17th of last, he was acquainted that it was His Majesty’s Plea-iiire he should officiate as Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, in room of Mr. until a new

Deputation should be made by the Patentee.

Upon the 21st lie received from Mr. Powell Twenty-one thousand Pounds on Account of the Widow’s Pensions, of which there is now remaining in his Hands Nineteen thousand Nine hundred Seventy-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence. He is informed that the next Four Months Payment to the Widows is the Beginning of June, and will amount to about Four or Five thousand Pounds: lie does not know, what Arrears remain unpaid, but he believes to no great Amount.

Moore.

T. Anguish,

Richd Ntave,

Sam‘ Bcaehcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 10.:

Somefct House, 2d May 1785.

Sirs, -

In Obedience to your Precept, dated 29th ult®, requiring me forthwith to transmit to you " An Account of the Public Money now remaining in my Hands, Custody, or Power, as Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions," I beg-Leave to inform you, that by a Letter from Sir George Yonge, dated 17 th A larch last, acquainting me it was his Majesty's Pleasure I should officiate as Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, in the room of John Powell, Esquire, until a new Deputation was made by the Patentee; I took upon myself the Execution of the said Office, and, in compliance with the Directions of the Secretary at War, Mr. Powell paid me a Sum of Money on Account of the Balance in his Hands, as Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions; of which I have the Honour to transmit you an Account herew ith; and am, with great Respect,

Sirs,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Edzo1 Moore.

To the Honourable Commissioners of Accounts.

Ah

‘539

23 Geo. III.

2° Julii.

As ACCOUNT of the Public Money remaining in the Hands, Custody, or Power, of Eduard Moore,

officiating Deputy Pavtnafter of the Widows Pensions. ' *

Tenth Rep >rt ofi Rubiic Accounts,

1.7 $3- £ d.

March 21 ft. To Cash received of John Pour It, Esquire, late Deputy Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, on Account of the Balance in his Hands - - - - 21,000 -

1/K3- I- d.

May ift. By Cash paid sundry Widows, since my Appointment up to this Day - - - - 1,028 3 l

By Balance remaining in my Hands,

Custody, or Power ... - 19,971 16 11

£. 21,000 -

War Office, 2d May 1783.

Ed\cd Moore.

N* 11.

Sir, War Office, 2d May 1783.

tv Obedience to the Precept of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated the 29th of last Month, I have the Secretary at War’s Directions to fend you, inclol’ed an Account of the Number of Widows upon the Eflublishment of the Widows Pensions for the present Year, and of the Total Sum to be paid to them, pursuant to such Establishment.

I am, Sir,

Your uioft obedient humble Servant,

JVm. Molleson, Esquire, Office of Accounts. . M. Lezcis.

An ACCOUNT of the N umber of Widows upon the Establishment of the Widows Pensions for the Year 1783, and of the Total Sum to be paid to them pursuant to such Establishment

Number of Widow*. Rank of their Husband*. Pension per Annum. TOTAL.

£ £. s. d.

39 Colonel 50 1,950

36 Lieutenant Colonel - - - - 40 1,440

27 Major 30 8lO

177 Captain 26 4,602

232 Lieutenant - - - 20 4,640

r Ensign *

Second Lieutenant m - -

Cornet . -

Quarter Master - — L /%

157< Adjutant - . - ‘ - - ‘ ‘ - - - 16 2,512

Surgeon; -

Chaplain

Solicitor

1 Physician - - - 30 30 ‘

Total - - - 669 1 £ 15,984

War Office IF" Merry,

2d May 1783. ‘ Clerk for the Business of

Widows Pensions.

Vol. 39-

N* 12.

Tenth

Report on Public Accounts*

540

2* Juki.

A. 1783.

N* 12.

The Examination of Willum Brumme//, - Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 8th and 1 ith April 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is Agent for paying the Out Petitioners of Chelsea Hospital, and \yas appointed in the Year 1774.

This Office is created by the Act of the a 8th . of George the Second, Chapter the First; and the Officer is appointed by a Sign Manual, couotersigned by the Lords of the Treasury.

, The Fund for this Service is YPtfid Annually, and received by the Paymaster General of the Forces, as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and by him issued to his Deputy Treasurer. A Lift is made out every Half Year, by the Secretary and Register of the Hot-pita!, of all the Out Pensioners. This Lift is sent to the Agent for the Out Pensioners, who makes a Gopy of it, and then applies to the Deputy Treasurer lor Money to pay that Lift; the Deputy Treasurer advances to him upon Account, upon giving a -Receipt, such a Sum as he thinks will be sufficent for that Half Year’s Payment, retaining the Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound, pursuant to the Directions of the Act.

\Vhere Persons are admitted Out Pensioners by the Board of Commissioners, they issue a Warrant to the Treasurer, with a List ofluch Persons annexed, directing him to pay to the Agent fuqh Sums of Moqey as are d,ue to them, from the Day of their Admission: The Agent calculates the Sum due upon the Warrant, and receivefit of the Deputy Treasurer.

Where an Out Pensioner is admitted into the House, or sent into a Garrison, he returns back to the Agent so much as he has received in Advance from the Time of his Admission to the next Payment. A Number of Pensioners are continually discharged from the different Garrjfons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and ana

from the House, who are re-admitted Out Pensioners, and immediately paid their Pensions in Advance, by the Agent, for the Remainder o_f the current Half Year. ITe then delivers a List of |uch Pensioners, as aforesaid, discharged, to the Secretary and Register, who makes out a Warrant, which is laid before the Commissioners; and when signed by them, they direct the Treasurer to issue the Amount thereof to the Agent.

Out Pensioners who, having been resident Aoroad, apply upon their Return Home for their Arrears of Pension 'due to them, and being left off the Warrant for Non-appearance, the ^Qmmissioners restore them, and direct me Agent to pay the fiune. They are then put upon what is called tj Supplemental Warrant, the Amount of which the Commissioners direct the Treasurer to pay the Agent: By no' other Means than thele does the Agent receive Money for this Service.

The Out Pensioners are comprehended in Three Lifts — The common Out Pensioners, who are paid Five Pence a Day; The Nine Ij’enoy Men, who are paid Nine Pence; and, The Letter Men, who are paid One Shilling a Day: They are ^11 paiq Half Yearly, Six Months in Advance.

~ These Out Pensioners ar^ dispersed over Great Britain and Ireland, and a few of thpm in Guernsey and Jersey: Thofein Great Britain are paid by his Deputies and the Collectors oL Excite; those in Ireland, and in Guernsey and Jersey, by Deputies.

The last declared Account, the Agent to the*Out Pensioners, is for One Year, ending 24th December 1775: The dumber in that Year was about Fifteen, thousand Nine hundred.

For the Execution of this Office, he receives only a Salary of One thousand Pounds a Year, payable out of the Poundage; out of which he pays, for TaXos,

04

Seventy-five Pounds; for Deputies, Clerks, Contingencies of Office, and Fees to Auditors, not allowed in the Account, Five hundred Forty-three Pounds; which reduces his clear Receipt to Three hundred Eighty-twa Pounds a Year.

-Accounts- for Three -Years more have been-lent to the Office of the Auditors near a Year ago, and are now ready for Declaration; Two Years more will be ready-to be delivered in to the Auditors in about Three Months. From the Difficulty of procuring and adjusting the Vouchers, the Accounts are not made up in the Office to a later Period than the End of the Year 1780.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott, -SamtBeachcroft, Geo. Drummond,

IV. Brumm

N* 13.

The Examination of Charles Esquire; taken

upon Oath, 5th and 8th May 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is employed by the 'Honourable Frederick Vane, the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to transact for him the Business of that Office. The Deputy Treasurer.receives from the Paymaster ‘General of the Forces, and pays over to the Agent, the Sums "for the Out Pensioners; every Six Mouffis the iSecretary and Register of the Hospital fends to the Deputy Treasurer a Requisition, containing the Number of Out Pensioners, and the Sums to be advanced, to them for the succeeding Half Year: After the Requisition p Warrant issues from the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of the Hospital, signed by Three, or more of them, directed to the Treasurer of the Hospital, requiring him to issue to the Agent for the Out (Pensioners fqch Sums AS Avail be due to them for the Six Months ensuing. In consequence of this Warrant, the Treasurer issues to his Deputy such a Sum as he thinks proper; and the Deputy, upon the Requisition. of the Agent, advances to him stich Sums upon Account as he thinks will satisfy the Lift.

Jhp Deputy stops out of the Sums issued to the Agent the Twelve Pence in the Pound, as directed by the Act of Parliament; a distinct Account is kept of this Deduction, which remains in his Hands for the following Purposes — the Payment of the Salary to the Agent, and Allowances; to the Deputy Treasurer Six hundred Pounds a Year; and to the Secretary Three hundred Pounds a Year; and such other Payments as may be directed by the King’s Warrants, which have amounted to a very inconsiderable Sqm. The Savings from this Deduction, from the 34th of December 1773 (to which Time the Balance was paid to the Paymaster General of the Forces) to the 24th of December 1780, amounted to Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Forty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence; and was in last

paid back into the Exchequer, pursuant to the King’s Warrant, to be applied towards the Supply for the Year >782. The Balance of that Deduction, on the Payments made to the Agent down to the 24th December 1782, amounts to Three thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, out of which he was obliged to advance various Sums for the current Expences of the Hospital, having only received the Sums for that Service down to the 24th of June last.

Cha' Harris.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Dnimmond.

N* 14.

23 Geo. III.

2° yait i-

541

N* 14.

An ACCOUNT of the Grots Sums received by the Paymasters General of the Forces from the Tenth

' Report

Exchequer, for the Service of the Out-Pensioners of Chdsea Hospital, every Year, from the 24th of on Public

v Accounts

December 1775 to the 24th of December 1782: Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated the 5th of May 1783.

Received by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, for the Year 1776 -

Received by ditto, for the Year 1777 -

Received by ditto, for the Year 1778 -

Received by ditto, for the Year 1779 -

Received by ditto, for the Year 1780 -

Received by ditto, for the Year 1781 - -

Received by ditto, for 182 Days, to 24th June 1782 -

Received by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, for 183 Days to 24th December 1782

C * d.

107,260 — 10

104,173 19 2

103,199 1 8

103,710 16 3

88,871 13 3 92,294 8 4 46,313 13 10

43,677 6 —

1

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 8th May 1783.

Chat Bembridge,

Accountant.

Vol.39.

6 Y An

> £ H o " 2

O — T3 5.

85'

? O

N* 15.

An ACCOUNT of the Grofe Sums received and paid by the Honourable Frederick Vane, Treasurer of Chelsea Hbfpitdt, off Account of the Out-Pensioners of the said Hospital,

between the 25th of December 1775 and Tthe 24th of December 1782*

Ln

to

o

o

o

FT

Between 25th December 1777 and the 24th of December 1778

Between 25th December 1780 and the 24th of December 1781 Between 25th December 1781 and the 24th of December 1782

Money Amount Net Sums The Deduction Payments

of

received of the of out of the Deductions of

Treasurer. Agents Receipts. paid the Agent. 12 Jh in the Pound. 12 d. in the Pound.

£. s. d. £. d. s. d% £.s. d. £. d.

106,756 5 — 105,874 10 10 100,580 16 3i 5,>93 14 6f [Salaries - 1,900 [ [Balance. - - - 3,393 14 6fJ

105,083 5 — 104,049 15 5 98,847 5 7i 5,202 9 9* [Salaries - - - 1,900 — — [ [Balance - - - 3,302 9 9‘J

103,t27 12 6 102,866 16 8 97,723 9 10 5,i43 6 10 [Salaries - - - 1,900 [ [Balance - - - 3,243 6 10 /

102,000 101,605 — 10 96,524 15 9i 5,08a 5 — f [Salaries - - - 1,900 [ [Balance - - - 3,r8o 5 — fj

87,859 87,287 8 3 82,923 — 10* 4^64 7 5 [Salaries - 1,900 [ [Balance in Part - 2,433 3 11 ij

91,294 8 4 89,341 19 i°* 84,874 17 11 4,467 1 11* Salaries - - - 1,900

88,677 6 — 88,469 15 5 86,146 5 7i 2,323 9 Salaries - - - 1,900 — —

684,797 16 10 679»495 7 31 647,620 11 uf 31,874 15 4f 28,853 — if

BALANCES.

d.

2 0

7

10

2

602 15 2i 4,519 10 5 631 — 4

8,324 4 8i

Pay Office Chelsea Hospital, 9th May 1783.

Frederick Vane.

00

00

N* 16.

>2

r> 53 £

I ttr

F o'

a

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

GO

<p

Df. |

ABSTRACT of Cash received and paid by IF" Brummell, Esquire, on Account of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th December 1775

to 24th December 1780.

}c.

1 JO. 9. £ s. d.

>775 To Cash received from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 100,691 4 3 >775 By Cash paid from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 94,033 — 3*

Balance to 24th December 1776 6,638 3 ill

£ 100,691 4 3

1776 To Cash received from 25th December 1776 to 24th December1 1777 98,976 io — 1776 By Cash paid from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 94,781 14 Cf

Balance to 24th December 1777 4,194 15 6|

£. % 98,976 10 -i

1777 To Cash received from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 97.844 8 4* >777 By Calli paid from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 92,923 1 9i

Balance to 24th December 1778 4,921 6 7}

£ 97,844 8 4

1778 To Cash received from 25th Dedember 1778 to 24th December 1779 96,646 8 2i By Cash paid from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 92,421 16 2

Balance to 24th December 1779 4,224 13^ — i

(Fees to be paid out of laid Balance 39- - - ,96.646 8 2 f

>779 To Cash received frdm December 1 December 17®° *3,659 >9 8j By Cash paid from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 81,402 *0 5i

Balance to 24th December 1780 1,657 9 2*

(Fees to be paid out of said Balance 59 A 6a. 6d.) - 83,059 >9 8*

VI

(Errors excepted)

April 24th, ] 783.

Brummell.

Cn

23 Geo. III.

N° 17.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Out-PenGouers of Chelsea Hospital, from the Year 1775 the ear 1782.

> §

o 3 r» o -o 3 0^0-

C C >-» If

3

cn

g

CQ

t~ — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

Voted by Parliament.

March 4th,1 1770 - -J

January "|

3ift,1777J

February "] 5th 1778 J

February

23d. I77yj

April 1 nth, 178 0 j

February 8 th, 1781 J

April 1 15th 1782 J

£ s.

105,279 »3 9

87,7

Received from the Exchequer by the Treasurer. I filled by the Treasurer to the Dep lty. Balance remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer. Issued by the Deputy to the Agent. Deduction of 12d. in the Pound stopt by the Deputy. Payments out of the Deduction. Balance of the Deduction. A further Balance remaining in the Hands of the Depnty. Payments by the Agent of the Out-Pensioners. Balance remaining in the Hands of the Agent.

,£ d. £ £ s- £ s. d. £ s. d. £ £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

- 107,260 — 10 106,756 5 — 503 15 10 100,580 16 3{ >,293 14 6* 1,900 3,393 14 6* OO GO £ to 94,033 — 3i 6,658 3 ni

*104,173 19 12 105,083 5 — - 98,847 5 7i 5,202 9 9i 1,900 3,302 9 9I 1,033 9 7 94,781 14 61 4,194 15 6|

1103,199 1 8 103,127 12 6 71 9 2 97,723 9 10 5.143 6 10 1,900 3,243 6 10 260 15 10 92,923 1 91 4,921 6 7i

i 103,710 16 3 102,000 1,710 16 3 9<5,524 15 9i 5,080 5 — i,9°° 1 O 00 co 394 19 2 92,421 l6 2 4,224 12 — i

~ 88,871 13 3 87,859 — ~ 1,012 13 3 82,923 — ioi 4,364 7 5 1,900 2>433 3 602 15 2\ 81,402 10 5! 1,657 9 2i

1 92,294 8 4 91,294 8 4 1,000 84,874 17 11 4,467 1 iH 1,900 - 4,519 10 5 - -

1 89,990 19 10 88,677 6 — 1,313 13 10 86,146 5 71 2,323 9 91 1,900 - Co ! - -

TOTAL

of

balances

unapplied.

11,437 8 6{

ts>

8,53014101 0

iT

8,496 18 5i 9,510 12 5!

5,7o6 1 7i 5,519 1° 5 1,944 14 ai

©C

00

2° Julii.

54$

23 QEd.jiL

NM8.

- A* ACCOUNT of the Returns made by the Agents to the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of the Tenth balances of the Stock Purse of the Cavalry, and of the Nori-effective Money of the Infantry, remaining on^'ublic in their Hands, Custody. or Power, at the Time when the several Accounts were made up belonging to each Accounts. Regiment, Troop, and Company, to which they are or have been Agents.

Karnes of the Agents. Date to which the Account is made up. Balances of Stock Purse and Non-effective Accounts in Hand. Balances of Stock Purse and Non-effective Accounts in Advance. Nelt Balance remaining in Hand.

£. 8. d. £. Sm d. £. s. d.

Alexander Adair - - - December 24th, 1782 - 19.43 2 4 5 1 1,010 9 5 18,421 15 -1

Alexander Anderson - June 24th, 1782 - - 612 6 11 105 13 3 506 13 8

George Aust - - June 24th, 1782 - - 2,726 10 l - - - 2,726 10 1 i

Ed. Armstrong - - March 25th, 1783 - - - - 4,193 4 2 —

Bcnj" Andreas - - - - December 24th, 1782 - 417 3 2 - - 417 3 2$

James Ballard - - - - December 25th, 1782 - 205 1 9 - - - 205 1 9

Timothy Brent - - - - December 24th, 1782 - - - 347 10 2 —

George Blount - - - - December 24th, 1782 - - - - 44 7 6 —

Bisslnpp and Brummell - December 24th, 1782 - 24,077 14 3 220 5 1 23,857 9 2

Tho' Brooksbank - - December 24th, 1782 - 3C0 12 11 \ - - - 360 12 11*

Co.r, 3fair, and Cox - - December 24th, 1782 -: ' / - 1.373 6 — —

Samuel Clare - . - - - June 24th, 1782 - - 1,858 14 5 -> - - 1,858 14 5

Conway and Peart - December 24th, 1782 - 2,764 3 1 - - - 2,764 13 1

William Cou den - December 24th, 1782- 5A53 2 51 - - - 5A53 2 5i

Henry Critchett - - March 24th, 1783 - - 3,082 16 5 - - - 3.082 16 5

Fountain E - - June 24th, 1782 - 2,490 5 2 - - - 2,490 5 2

John Fcirwick - - - - 1 June 24th, 1782 - 231 8 6 - - - 231 8 6

JFil/iam Field - - - - December 24th, 1782- 465 6 6 23 !9 2 44 7 4

Fitter and Croasdale - - December 24th, 1782 - 5,503 17 64 82914 9 4,674 2 9r

Gray and Ogilvie - - December 24th, 1782 - 50,366 8 9 25,355 17 5i 25*010 11 4 i

Gray and Collycr - - - June 24th, 1782 - - 1,077 7 8 81 — 1 996 7 7

William Ghost - - - December 24th, 1782- - - - 27 7 6 —

Hugh Jos. Hansard - - December 24th, 1782 - 2,758 3 4i - - - 2,758 3 4i

John and George Hesse - June 24th, 1782 - - - 1,161 12 ui —

Henry Hunter - - - - December 24th, 1782 - - - 31 6 _ —

John Haney - - - - December 24th, 1782 - 2 is 3 . 2 lS 3

Simon Halliday - - - - May 26th, 1783 - - - 156 8 2 —

II. Katencamp - - - - December 24th, 1782 - 341 17 9 - - 341 17 9

John Lamb - - - June 24th, 1782 - - Co 'Jo 00 14 11 i - - - r* 00 e* CO ni

Andrew La - - October 24th, 1782 - 3,705 17 3 703 16 1 i 3,002 1 1 i

William Moone - - - - December 24th, 1782- - - - 1,004 6 4 —

James and John Meyrick December 24th, 1782 - 31,702 16 . — >5,484 7 9i 16,218 8 2 i

John Martin - - - December 24th, 1781- 2,075 14 11 mm - 2,075 14 11

Thomas and William Maude January 23d, 1783 - - 592 13 3 . - - 592 13 3

John Powell - - - December 24th, 1782- 655 4 10 f - . 655 4 101

J. and D. Roberts - - - December 24th, 1782 - - - l68 5 ni '

Ross and Gray - - - - June 4th, 1778 - - 406 1 94 - - - 406 l 9t

Keen Stables - - m - March 19th, 1783 - - 104 8 9 - - 104 8 9

George Smn - - March 25th, 1783 - - 3*8 18 — - - - 328 18 —

M. Wilkinson - - - February 23d, 1783 - 482 13 4 - m - ,482 13 4

lx. / ’ > 123,416: 13 7*

Vol. 39. 6 Z v' N* 19.

>2 WH

sl83

I ?1 5-

5 g;

F «f g

N*i9.

cn

A LI ST of the several Sums of Money imprested to sundry Persons by the Right honourable William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, which were not 0\

accounted for od the 7th of January 1769, when his Account, between 25th December 1754 and 24th December 1755* waa declared, except the Supers on MeiTrs. and accounted for in Account declared 21st December 1765.

g

cg‘

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

Persons to whom Imprested.

Henry Hutchin, Ef-

quire -

Captain John Fleming -

Alex' Hume, Esquire," AttT to Nicholas Carpentier -

Joshua Steele, Gent.

Geo. Clinton, Esquire -

Office or Employment.

Commissary of Stores and' Provisions in the Expedi-s tion under the Command of Lieut General Ja‘ St. \ L Clair - - -J

Contractor

Deputy Director of the 'j Hospital, for the Use of J the Forces employed, upon I the breaking out of the Rebellion, under field iMarshal Wade -f Governor and Commander"! in Chief of New York, in I [.America - - - J

Service.

Times of Service.

Between 25th June 1746 and 24th December 1747.

For divers Necessaries, for the Use ofj the Forces employed in the said Expedi- > tion ---- -J

Like Service -Contingencies of Gibraltar -

("From 25th June 1746 to \ 24th December 1747

{i

Fumishing Bread Waggons for the Forces' in the Low Countries -

Like Service - -

To pay what remains due to the several] Persons who furnished Necessaries for the> Old Hospital.....1

>0 Sir W" Gooche, Baronet

Lieut Governor of Virginia -

Prefeuts to the Indians, &c.

To defray Expences attending an Expedi-") tion for the Reduction of Canada - -J Like Service -

{To defray" the Pay and Subsistence of a"! Company on the Expedition intended against > Canada - - - - -J

During the Campaign 1746 . During the Campaign 1747

Date of Warrant.

6th May 1746

10th June 1746 -By Establishment -

5th June 1746 5th February 1746

12th May 1747 -

4th November 1746

26th March 1747 -26th March 1750-

21st May 1747 -

Amount of each Warrant

454 12 4

150----

5,504 11 8

12,522 18 8

400-----

22,026 11 4 21,200----

Total Amount

Accounted for fuxce 7th January 1769.

604 12 4 1,501 5 10

18,027 10 4

507 15 5

43*626 11 4 1,130 1 10

Accounted for in Account declared 6th July 1774.

Julii. A. 1783.

o

CQ

n‘

CD

Cl

D"

O

o

o§

FT

Thomas Bladen, Esquire

o

p

CO

S® William Shirley, Esquire

William Shirley and Sir] Peter Warren- -I

Joshua Steele

Captain Ja‘ Campbell -

Major General the Earl] of Craxvford - -J

Abraham Hume, Esquire Lieut. General Anne Earl of j

Andrew Fletcher, Esquire

Major John Roper

Lieut. Cha’ Collier hick" Carpentier, Esquire

Governor of Maryland

Governor of Massachuset’s Bay

Commissary General

m m m

Lord Justice Clerk

a.

Contractor General -

For Tents, Catnp Necessaries, &c. for’ the Troops raised in that Government, to be transported into the Southern Parts of Canada - - - .

f Purchasing Cloaths, Arms, &c. for Sol-" \ diers raised for the Expedition against

{Paying the Hire of Express Boats employed in His Majesty’s Service

For the Use of Hospitals at Newcastle] and elsewhere, -under his Care - - -J.

f Subsistenee of the Perthshire Indepen-] [dent Company - - - J

{For the Expences of an Embarkation of Hessian Troops from North Britain to Holland

Subsistenee of Prisoners of War -

f Expences incurred foF His- Majesty’s] \Service in North Britain-- - -- -J

Forage, Vessel Hires &c.

Extraordinary Expences of His Majestys] Service - - -J-

f Contingent Expences of His Majesty s]-\Service - - - - -J

Like Service - -

Contingent Expences -For Waggoq Hire

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

For Bread and Bread Waggons, for the! Use of His Majesty’s. Forces in the Low]-' Countries - -

Like Service - -

Like Service - -

Like Service -

1

In "the Months' of Septem-] ber and October 1746 - -/

From 15th June 174ft To the 31st May 174ft

In the Year 1746

From 21st November 1746

f From 10th May 1747 to" \30th June following -f From lft June 1747 to' \ 30th of same Month -From ift to 3 ill July 1747 *

26th March 1750 -

26th March 1750 -26th March 1750-

26th June 1746 -

21st July 1746 -

28th June 1746 -

28th June 1746 -18th July 174ft- -2ift July 1746 -

17th March 1746-7

15th Januaryi 746-7 30th Januaryi 746-7

30th September 1747 6th June 1746 7th July 1746 23d August 1746 -23d August 1746 -20th Septemberi 746 19th Novemben 746 20tl) December 1746

14th May 1747

14th May 1747

14th May 1747 4th August 1747

894 9 1.502 5

2,844 — 3.153 13 2,057 6 4,822 — 937 3

i,775 M

4,422 8

4,205 12

6,982 4

11

10*

H

44

64

44

if

74

2

lOr

'.45a , ?

aa-a«3 5 3

269 —

400 ____

262

12 8

300

210

2,000

*»926 J

2,000

IOO

71

s

o

era

► a wr3

o 3 ft a n P

c c

B CTef

f O

Cornelius Carpentier, Son"! and Executor of the ! late Nich' Carpentier]

Nich' Carpentier - -

Nich Carpentier - -' Cornelius Carpentier -

Nich' Carpentier - -

1

D (Q 1-+

n‘ CD Q_ ComeliusCarpentier, Son-!

CT (D and Adignee of the> late Nich' Carpentiei' J

Nich'Carpentier - -

0

0 Cornelius Carpentier -

00

FT

Like Service -

Like Service - *

Like Service -

Like Service ——

Bread and Bread Waggons, and Waggon^) Horses, taken or destroyed by the Enemy J f Forage delivered to the Bread Waggons j employed in conducing the English and 1 [Hanoverian Troops into Winter Quarters J Forage supplied the Bread Waggon Horses ( [in the Low Countries - - - . -J

Like Service - - - .

Like Service -

Forage supplied the Troops in the Low Countries, &c.

{Forage contracted for by John Earl of Rothes, the 13th June t 746 -Like Service -

Like Service -

Forage delivered to the Troops Like Service -

- Like Service - -

Like Service -

Forage and Magazines -

Like Service -

Forage delivered -Bread furnidied the Heilian Hufiars -Forage delivered -

From 1 ft to 31st August 1747

f From ift September 17471 [to 15th October following -J To 24th November 1747 -

From 21st November 1746

Like Service

Bread delivered to the Troops -Like Service -f Forage supplied the Electoral Troops in'! Uhe Low Countries - - - -J

Forage, 8tc. supplied 5 Battalions of the Electoral Troops upon their eroding the Rhine, and also upon their March to join the Allied Army -Loaves delivered to the Britishi, Hanoverian, and He Qian Troops -

During the Campaign 1746

During the Campaign 1746

f From 23d July 1746 to! the Time of their going into , [Winter Quarters - -To 24th December 1746 -

During the Year 1746

jd eptember 1747 -

3d October 1747 -

9th November 1747 4th August 1747 -

4th Augud: 1747 . 20th December 1746

4th August 1747 -

21st September 1747 9th November 1747

9th November 1747

16th June 1746 -

7th July 1746 -8th July 1746 -

2 2d July 1746 -15th August 1746 15th September 1746 6th October 1746 -2d November 1746

20th December 1746

27th December 1746 7th July 1746 - -

i 9th November 1746

19th September 1747

20th September 1746 20th December 1746

1 September 1747 -

3d October 1747 -

31st August 1747 -

6,982 4 104

10,135 10 31

9,149 10 7

1,052 6 8f 409 6 1l

160 18 91

3.738

3.738 3,42i

i,975

6

6

9

8

41

44

9f

94

36,103 7 6

5 7 — 4

2,747 4 74

16.382 14 —

12.287 — 6

16.382 14 —

12.287 — 6

8,191 7 —

121 8 94

1,810 14 14 11 3 34 3,669 14 6

1,172 8 24

1,638 5 44 1,624 2 84

5,870 17 — 4

840 — 5 11,429 18 8

en

CO

00

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

Nickt Carpentier -

£ Cornelius

Nicholas Carpentier

o

CO

<o

Cornelius Carpeniier Nicholas Carpeniier

Cornelius Carpentier Nicholas Carpeniier

IV. Van Haren Field

Abraham Prado

» — i

o'

f Oats supplied for the Forces in the Low"! [Countries - - - J

For Corn, Meal, &c. taken by the Enemy Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service - -

Like Service -

Balance on a Contract for Forage - -

Biscuit provided -Bread spoiled and left in Holland For Lois of Bread -For Flour of Wheat and Rye laid upl in Magazine for the speedy supplying of! Bread - - - J

Disbursements made for the Forces Building of Ovens -

For the Lois of Boats taken by the Enemy -Money advanced to English Prisoners fori their Subsistence - - - J

Wood, Straw, &c. furnished the English and! Hefiian Troops - - - j

f Deputy from the States [General

Wood, Straw, &c. for the Hanoverian Troops

H

Like Service Secret Service -Like Service -Several Payments -

Boats, &c. for the transporting of Forage Taxes for bringing Corn up the Rivers -Turf, Candles, &c. delivered to the British! Forces in the Low Countries - - - J

For transporting Forage, and for fundryl extraordinary Expences - - - - . - J

For Hay for His Majesty’s Forces in the Low Countries -

Like Service -

For Forage collected at Bois-le-duc for"! the Use of His Majesty’s Forces - - J

For Forage supplied His Majesty’s Forces! in the Low Countries pursuant to Contract J

f During the Months of} [July, August, and September]

In the Year 1745

From the Time of their leaving Maestricht to their going into Winter Quarters -

During their Winter Quarters

4th August 1747

19th September 1747

8th July 1746 2 oth December 17 20th December 17 20th December 1; 4th August 1747 2d October 1747 30th June 1746 10th July 1746 20th December 1"

2d October 1747

9th November 1747

13th June 1746 8th July 1746 8th July -1746

15th November 1 20th December 1746

2 oth December 1746

30th December 1746 15th September1! 746 ift November..1746

20th December r 27 th December 11 27th December!

14th May 1747 3d October 174;

7th May 1747

9,345 *5 lOf

00 in 11 114

1,013 — 44

i 2,428 10 44

i 2,792 4 104

> 958 8 7

- 1,320 16 14

1,213 — 104

- 7,924 10 84

934 *3 4 T

> 773 6 7t

1,120 *7 64

J 3,035 11 24

- 6,286 8 64

280 *4 44

2,298 *7 1*4

> 59 1 OO

> 711 13 54

i 3,669 *4 6

> 2,402 3 1*4

> 3*9 18 2

194- -19 1

5 1,046 5 54

> 1,075 2 74

> 414 11 84

- 1,229 *7 OO

- 1,656 12 94

- 1,121 9 7 1,02S„ — 11 9

- 3,971 7 3,97* *9 *9 34 34

271,271 7 64

s.

2,149 10 8

7,943 18 64

00

o

NO

Major JVm Tonyn Major Smic Samuel de Bach -

Noi Francois Hellen IV. Henry R

Michael Hatton, Esquire Thomas Marriott -

John Fleming

Luke Gardiner, Esquire

Thomas Marriott -

John Earl of Loudoun -Michael Hatton, Esquire

The Earl of Alltcmarle -John Napier

Burgomaster of Williamftadt

{Treasurer for the joint") Military Chest for the Con- j tingencies of the War

For Hay bought for the Use of His Mia-! iefty’s Forces in the Low Countries - j On Account of British Prisoners taken! nth October 1746 - - - -J

f Wood, Straw, &c. delivered to the 1 ft and! \2d Britishi Brigade - - - - J

{For Wood and Straw furnished the Elec- toral Troops on their March into - Winter > Quarters, &c. - - - J

f For Fuel, Candle, &c. for the Troops in! Itheir Quarters and Garrisons - - - J

For additional Fire and Candle for the Hanoverian and Hessian Troops

tie|

Vice Treasurer of Ireland -

f Paymaster of the Pro-! [vincial Troops of Georgia J

m Q V ' - 25th May 1747 -

7 th November 1746

During their Stay at Wil-! liamftadt - - -j 26th January 1747

» - 5th October 1747 -

m 0 m m 20th October 1747

— 9th November 1747

f Between 25th December! 745 and 24th June 1746 - j f Between 25 th June 1746! \and 24th Deccmberfol lowing/ 17th April 1747 -23d March 1744 - Same Warrant -

To 24th December 1746 - Same Warrant

For occasional Services relating to the Army f For the Pay of Troops, &c. employed in! ^Georgia - - - J

Toeomplete 365 Days Pay of Troops, &c.l employed in Georgia - - - - J

Total between 25th June 1746 and 24th 1747, abating -fT of a Penny

Between 25th December 1747 and 24th December 1748.

/ From 25th December!

/ Deputy Director of His! Majesty’s Hospitals - J

Contingencies of the Garrison of Gibraltar -

f For providing Shipping for transporting"^ \Men to Portsmouth - - - - J

For maintaining Two Troops of Rangers, <$(?.

{For necessary Expences on dilembarking! Troops put into Yarmouth by Strefi off Weather - - - J

I" For purchasing Materials for building a!

i' Platform at Willemftadtfor the Embarkation f of Troops, &c. - - - - -J

)ccafional Services relating to the Army

Service not mentioned

li747 to 24th December 1748 J

In the Year 1747 -

f From 24th December! \i 746 to 24th June 1747 J

By Establishment -

f By Warrant ofl \the Lord Justices J

Like Warrant Royal Sign Manual

Like Warrant

Like Warrant

Royal Sign Mutual 7th March 1748 -

£. s. d. £ s. d.

m m m 794 7 104

* m m 1,400

« . m 689 10 11

— m — 2,803 14

3,738 6 44

3,738 6 4*

7,476 12 84

- . 300

7,188 7 —

7,188 7 —

4,792 4 4

19,168 18 4

December! j. 410,579 9 *

" J £. s. d.

- - - 1,002 13 9

m m m i,947 2

- 9,584 9 3

m " 500 — —

00 O Ok CO

300 439 10 8f

1,465 2 4

m me ~ 600 — —

cn

c*t

O

90

John Theodore Vander\ Rhur /- -. - J

c*

*Q

2?em* Beaujeau and 1 Company - - /

D

cq‘

N

0

CL

cr

Rol/ Joseph Hdliri

Jacobus Vtrzyland and^ Anthony Van HanszvykJ

John Jacob Bonard andl Company - - - /

f For Forage fumiftied for the Britiftf) L Forces at Maestricht, Ruremonde, &c. - J

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service Like Service Like Service Like Service Like Service Like Service Like Service Like Service For Magazines formed at Maestricht fori the Use of His Majesty’s Forces, pursuant to I Contract - - - - J

For Bread and Forage furnished the Elec-5] toral Troops on their March Home from I the Low Countries - - - J

For Oxen furnished for the Use of Hisl Majesty’s Forces in the Low Countries - J

{For Forage Magazines, formed for the] Ule of His Majesty’s Forces in the Low i Countries, pursuant to Contract - - J

For Forage furnished His Majesty’s Forces For Forage laid up in Magazines

For Forage laid Up in Magazines and iup-'l

plied the Forces Like Service

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

f For Ferrage fumHhed for the "[Forces in the Low Countries -

BritilbJ

atl

f For forming a Magazine of Forage \Bois-le-duc, for the Use of the Forces.

For Forage supplied the Troops in the Low Countries, pursuant to Contract -Like Service - , -

f For forming Magazines of Forage atj \Pfeer Bray, &c. pursuant to Contra& - - j Like Service - -

23d April 1748 5,581 7 104

18th May 1748 5,581 7 104 '

8 th June 1748 4,6.51 3 34 1 1

28th June 1748 4^51 3 34

7th July 1748- 1,860 9 34

16th August 1748 - 3,720 18 74

19th August 1748 - 7,44i 17 24

24th September 1748 3,720 18 74

19th Ofitober 1748 3,720 18 74

13th October 1748 4,651 3 34

1 gth November 1748 7,441 17 24

1 gth November 1748; 4,651 3 34

19th October 1748 7,441 1-7 24

21st May 1748 834 18 94 - j

65,951 4 44 t

21st May 174 32,868 4 34

24th April 1748 - 4,651 3 34 i i

21st May 1748 9,302 6 64

10th June 1748 9,302 6 64 j

i 6th August 1748 - 5,581 7 104 i

5th October 1748 - 3,720 18 74 1

28th June 1748 6,511 12 6f

29th October 1748 16,736 7 44 4

2d April 1748 4,651 3 34

93,32710 44

fi3th July 1748 - 101 5 94

1.15th July 1748 - 791 6 — 4

892 11 94

19th Marah 1747-8 2,325 11 74

2d June 1748 2,325 11 74

24th September 1748 2,60612 64

7,257 25 94

24th March 1747-8 8,248

aoth April 1748 8,248

Cjt*

(JH

D

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

?r

Hendrick Borghouts Hubbert de Bussey

m

Daniel Jannette -Alexander Rappard

lVm Barth* Joseph

Requille Jean Charles Ryckez\ Dossart - - J

Noi Francois Hellin

Major General Baron-) de Borch - -)

ta

3

l;or furnishing Forage for the Forces in"! the Low Countries, and for Forage taken> or destroyed by the Enemy - - - J

f Forage furniltied the Forces in the Low") [Countries - -

f For Forage supplied the Forces at the"! [Camp of Broghlooz, &c. - »

Like Service....

For Forage fumished for the Forces in') the Low Countries, pursuant to Contract - / like Service -

le

f . For Wood and Straw fumished the [Forces, according to Contract Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -Like Service -

Like Service - -

Like'Service -Like Service -

For Wood and Straw fumished the Troops

Like Service For Forage fumished the Troops, &c\ Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

In July >746

Like Service -

For Flour furnished for the Forces For Wood and Straw furnished the Troops -

For Forage bought for the Electoral Troops -

Like Service -

Like Service -

For Carriages for Forage, Bread, Wood,[ and Straw, for the Service of the Troops - J For the contingent Expences of the Troops -

f From22dJanuary 1 [to 31st March 1748

-» «r m- ~

f From 12th July to [October 1747

During the Campaign 1747 In November 1747

- 2d September 1748 £. s. d. 5,400 16 9

- 4th April 1748 -

- - 15th June 1748 138 1 9

15 th June 1748 - 24

- 6th September 1748 2,790 13 114

26th September 1748 2,790 13 11*

- 26th September 1748 976 14 10f

- 22d April 1748 - - 488 7 54

22d April 1748 - - 488 7 54

13th April 1748 - 488 7 54

13th April 1748 - 488 7 54

2d May 1748 - - 488 7 54

22d July 1748 - - 3,72a 18 74

- 25th July 1748 3,366 3 54

- 11th April 1748 m

14th April 1748 -

] 6th April 1748 896 4 1

47-8\ \ 26th May 1748 909 19 14

A . 1 8th July 1748 - - i,93o 8 34

i8th1 J I ill June 1748 - - »32 13 5

4th April 1748 - - 1,116 5 64

- 1 November 1748 - 294 19 — 4

747 20th May 1748 368 12 — 4

- 26th April 174S 797 2 74

m 26th April 1748 2,378 3 24

26th April 1748 - 3,253 6 2

- 26th April 1748 919 74

m 18th October 1748 976 14 104

jf* s 1 d

21,896 16 9 806. 2 94

162 1 9

5,58i 7

10,505 14 2 288 4 34

629 2 34

5,649 6-f

8,324 8 64

*22$

8 grs |

§ a*

F *

01

S'

OO

yoL.39. 7B Like

B. Levy Gompe - -

Home Salomon -

Jacob Honnekins- - -

Van Bears andj Company - - - -J

Andre Elsholtz -

Major General Sporken -Jean George Lorentz

William Athaus -

Abraham Prado - - *

Commissary of Stores to the Hessian Troops

f Treasurer to the Hessian) ^Troops in British Pay - -

Contractor General for Bread and Bread Waggons

For Forage furnished the Troops Like Service . Like Service

Like Service Like Service

Like Service....

For Wood and Straw furnished for the Troops

f For Extraordinary Expences of the Troops! [under his Command -J

For Forage furnished the Hessian Troops f For an Advance, to enable the Hessian! Troops to furnish themselves with Bread, > ~norage, &c. ----- -J

Like Service - -

If

For Forage furnished the Troops -

Like Service -

Like Service -

Like Service -

For Forage furnished the Forces Like Service - -

Like Service -

Like Service - -

Like Service - -

Like Service - -

For Grain and Meal, bought and laid up) at Maestricht ----- -J

Like Service - - - .

Bread delivered to the Austrian Troops For Freight of Bread from Venlo to Grave -For Rye, Flour, Loaves, and Rye Bread,"[ for the Electoral Troops -J

For Wheaten Bread, Rye Bread, &c. de-j^ livered to the Troops -J

For the Pay of ‘Bread Waggons furnished!

for the Use of the Forces - - - -J

f From 27th March 1 748) [to 8th April following -J

f From 17th July 1747 to! [2 2d November following *J

f From26th November 17471 \to 29th March 1748 - - J

f Between the 9th and 19th! [of April 1748 - - -J

During the Campaign 1747

f In the Months of March) [and April 1748 - *J

f During the Months of Sep-) [tember and October - -J

In May 1748 -

In April 1748 -

To the 9th November 1748

From 2 2d February to 22dj March 1747*8 -J

14th April 1748 30th April 1748 26th May 1748 - -

18th April 1748 9th July 1748 - -

19th August 1748 -

24th April 1748

14th April 1747-8 -25th December 1747

20th June 1748

3d November 1748

18th June 1748

18th June 1748 lft October 1748 -

28th October 1748 -Bv Warrant - - *

572 18

<0 10 0 14 — f

33 16 5-f

- -

1 00 O to i 16 64-

612 4 8

4,651 3 3t

1,103 2 H

668 17 6

1,860 9 34

3,802 — 9

3,720 18 7t

2,226 6 84

2,325 11 7

4,378 10 10

i,274 11 44

2,79° 13 114

5,58t 7 104

O OO N 13 U

61 12 94 74

1,160 11

317 7 10

7,94i 6 54

2,260 9 34

L527 8 6-f 291 9 6

!38 3 31

1,804 12 74 1,060 14 104 976 14 104

6,126 4 5t

7,434 .9 84

*4

O

tn

O

o

tji

C-TI

g

in'

rH-

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

c«

FT

Frances Lopes Suasso,~\ Attorney to the said } Abraham Prado - -J

JVM Shirley, Esquire -George Clinton, Esquire

Gideon IVanion, Esquire

James Penman -Jermyn Wright - -

/fr" Shirley, Esquire -

Col. y//c.tr Heron - -

Theodore Vander\ Rhnr ----- -j

f Surgeon Major to the Hof- pital of the Garrison of J [Gibraltar -J

Like Service -Like Service -Like Service -

Like Service -Like Service -For the Pay of Bread Waggons for His Majesty’s Forces

Like Service -Like Service -Like Service -I,ike Service -Like Service -Like Service -- Like Service -

furnished]

(For the Pay of Soldiers enlisted for an Expedition against Canada, &c.

For the Pay of new Levies raised on the ^Expedition against Canada

For Arms and Clothing for Three Com-j panies of Soldiers raised for the Expedition > against Canada, &c. - - - -J

To 2ill April following To 21st May following - -To 20th June following To 20th July following To 20th ofitober 174S

Frpm ill to June 30th, 174S

From tljence to 29th July! 174& - - -J

From thence to 2 2d Oc-1 tpher 1748 - - -J

From 14th June 1748 to 113th. July following -From thence tp 12th Au-[uft following -From thence to 22d Oc ;tober 1748

From 23d October to 21 ft] November 1748 - -J

In the Campaign 1748

- 2.260 2.260 9 3 f

- - - 9 34

- - m 2,261/ 9 34

- - - 2,260 7,082 9 3f

- - - 15 94

By Warrant - - 1,506 19 6|

- - 1,506 19 64

- - - 4,269 15 44

- - - 2,511 12 64

- - - 2,511 12 6|

- m mm - 5,944 3 8-f

- m - 5,952 11 2

- - - 18,958 6 8

Between 25th December 1748 and 24th December \ 749.

For providing Bedding, &c.

For presents to the Indians in Alliance with the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia -

For Goods purchased to pay the Inhabitants of Nova Scotia for Provisions, &c. found by them for the New England

Troops....

For Freight of Vessels from Frederica, in ^Georgia, to Charles Town -f For Forage, &c. furniflted the Forces in \the Low Countries -

Total between 25th December 1747 and 24th"! December 1748, abating -H of a Pcuoy -j

f Warrant dated 7th j

In the Winter 1746

\July 1748

9th October 1749 -

ad December 1748

2,785 3 2|

101,006 16 3-lT 1,281 3 2

12,523 9 11

10,144 9 6

381,127 13 3«

747 13 3 1,500-----

1,300 6 8i 150-----

» g hh

c C J P*

3 21 rt ST.

O

tin

cn

O'

00

u>

D

CQ

r — h

n"

CD

Q_

CT

CO

CO

Remi Beaujcau -

Jean Jacob Bonard

a

o

eg.

fT

Henry Bcrghouts Daniel Jan -

Abraham Prado

Anthony Van -

William Forsink -

Just. Henry Alt

Not Francois Hellin

Like Service -Like Service -

Like Service Like Service

Like Service -Like Service -Like Service -

w

o

n>

a

f Minister from [to His Majesty

Hesse Caflel|

I,ike Service -Like Service -

For Wheat, Rye, &c. for the Forces in"[ the Low Countries - - - -J

Like Service -

Like Service - -

Like Service -For the Pay of Bread Waggons, Hire of] Ovens, &c. for the Forces - - -J

For Grain laid up in Magazines Forage supplied the Horses belonging to the Bread Waggons -

Pay of Bread Waggons fumished for the!

Use of the Forces - - - -J

For Bread fumished the Troops in Flanders

For Wood and Straw fumished the Troops

Like Service Like Service

Like Service -r In full of what was due to the Hessian Military Chest for Advance made for the Troops of Hefl’e, late in His Majesty s { Pay, in the Year 1748, for the Difference in the Price of Bread, and for Forage duix ing their Cantonments between the Meuze jmd Waol, &c. - - - J

f For Forage fumished the Forces in the [Low Countries - -

For Boats, &c. fumished the Forces ini the Netherlands - - - j

During the Campaign 1748 -

During the Campaign 1748 -

During the Campaign 1748 -

During the Campaign 1748 -

f From 2 2d November 1748I Ito 28th December following J

From April 1748 to O&o-l ber following -J

16th February 1748-9 10th December 1748

17th November 1748 8th December 1748 -

14th November 1748 2d December 1748 -16th February 1748-9

28th October 1748 -14th November 1748

17th November 1748

2d December 1748 -2d December 1748 -12th December 1748

4th April 1749 - -

4th April 1749 - -

4th April 1749 - -

13th January 1748-9 21st May 1748 - -

10th December 1748

22d June 1749 - -2_d June 1749 - -

2d December 1748 -

iff; June 1749 - -

2ill December 1748 21st December 1748

4,641 8,105 3 74

5,270 — 54

930 4 74

3,259 2 114

4,651 3 34

4,412 10 5

- -

- -

9,470 11 14

10,555 4 5

4i 11 74

1,266 18 ii4

2,018 1 _6 T

5,279 8 10

3,164 12 94

6,815 14 5

592 8 34

4,059 9 114

4,848 7 114

936 2 9

- -

39 10 14

73 11 74

Total between 25th December 1748 and 24th'! December 1749, adding T*T of a Penny -J

*5,53i 6 94

6,200 5 14

12,322 16 84

647 *8 54 4,367 2 6-f

41,204 11 6f

9,844 — 74 418 12 1

2,977 *o 44

113 1 9

97,325 5 ni

gg 11 gi- rry

23 Geo. III. 20 Juki. 555

>2

n 3 *

n p-.-o 3

O J* z ZL c *n -

( 7/ > i' / cy,/vtv Kilby, E (quire

f Agent for the Settlement] [of Nova Scotia - - - -J

Christopher Kilby, Esquire

f Agent for ’the Settlement] [of Nova Scotia - - - -J

Between 2,5th December 1751 and 24th December 1752.

f To discharge the Allowance of id. perl Man per Day, for the Regiment lately cpm- ! [manded by Colonel Co - - -J

Between 25th December 1752 and 24th December 1753. For victualling His Majesty’s Forces there

g

<q;

— H

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

Edward Sainthill, Esquire

Col. Edward ruddock Lieut. General -

Col. John Ald

Major General

Braddock- - - -J

Christopher Kilby, Esquire

Between 25th December 1753 and 24th December 1754.

r» r mu -nr f For the Pay of Widows of Officers who]

Paymaster of W idows Pensions,) were killed JHis Majesty.s Service . _j

[were killed in His Majesty’s Service

Commander in Chief of] por Contingencies of the said Garrison _ the Garrison of Gibraltar - J 0

O

o

eg,

Regiment commanded ] by Colonel Peregrine ' Hobson -

Governor of Gibraltar - -

Like Service -

f Agent to the Settlement'] [of Nova Scotia - -

S' Lieutenant General ]

Foxeke - - - J

>s

f For the Contingencies of the 39th Regi j ! ment, ordered to embark on an Expedition ! [to the East Indies -J

f For the contingent Expences of the]

! Forces under his Command, on an Expedi- j [tion to North America -J

f For defraying Part of the Expences of] J [victualling His Majesty’s Forces there -J ' For Provisions supplied the said Regi-' giment (by Mathew Contractor)

which is directed to be set Inluper upon the said Regiment, and to be recovered when the said Regiment shall be enabled Jo satisfy and pay the same -

f From 25th December 1753] [to 24th April 1754 - - -J f From 25th April 1754 to] [24th December following -J

f Governor of the Garrison"] [of Gibraltar - -

Between 25th December]

1753 and 24th December!

1754 - - - -J

In the Year 1754

28th Novemberi752

Total between 25 th December] 1751 and 24th December 1752J

19th March 1754

Total between 25th December] 1752 and 24th December 1753J

Grant of Parliament

By Establishment -By Establishment -

19th February 1754

18th Novemberi 754 18th March 1754 -

5th June 1754 -

Total between 25th December^ 1753 and 24th December 1754J

Between 25th December 1754 and 24th December 1755.

For the Contingencies of the said Garrison

f For a Year, to 24th De-"] [cember 1755 - -J

By Establishment -

2,761 12 5

2,761 12 5

5,678 15 10

5,678 15 10

14,053 16 7

33i 9 9

668 9 2

2.000 -

2.000 -

5,678 15 10

413 18 7

25,146 9 11

Cn

Cn

0\

r.

Accounted for in Account declared asd December 177°*

r Accounted for in Account passed 8th July

sT

999 18 11}

00

r

o

cq"

--h"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Christopher Kilby, E (quire

£ JVm Bahcr, Esquire, discharged by Order of o Court of Exchequer, and let info pci* on Charles Laurence, J Esquire -

Robert Leake, Esquire -

1ho’Walker, on Behoof) of Rob' Leake, Commissary General - J MefTrs. Alex and] Morris - - - j

Richard Bozty Esquire

David Kennedy, Esquire

Bcnj" Franklin, Esquire

Chai Pendelaw

James Ihues, Esquire -

Oliver Delancey -

Commissary of Stores -

f Assistant Commissary of] [Stores and Provisions - j

f Paymaster of the 4SU1 Re-]

I giment of Foot - - j

f Paymaster of a Regiment! of Foot, commanded by Sir > \_Peter Halkel - - - J

For victualling Colonel Hopsons and! Colonel ff'arburtonsRegiments in Nova

[Scotia - - - - J

f For Money remitted in Specie to !

J Laurence, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of [Nova Scotia - - - J

For purchasing Provisions, &c. Like Service -

For Provisions for the Use of the Forces

f For Provisions and other Necessaries pro-] [vided for the Forces in North America - J Money advanced to General Braddock.} for the Service of the Forces - - - J

f Governor of Fort Cunj’\ [berland in Maryland - J

-1

O John Thomlinson and ! John Hanbury - J

a

Like Service

Like Service -Like Service -f For the Purchase and Transportation of] j Forage, for the Forces commanded by Ge-J-[ueral Braddock - - - J

For the Pay and Subsistence of Officers!

and Seamen belonging to the Detachment [under his Command - - - - J

For purchasing Provisions for the Supply] of the Forces there -

Money advanced by him to Colonel ] son, on Account of Indian Affairs - - J

{For purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coin,! for the Use of the Expedition under General; Braddock - - - - J

To be remitted to the Deputy Paymaster! in North America, on Account of the Aug- J mentation of several Regiments of Foot - J

Like Service....

For purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coin,! for the Use of the Expedition under General j Braddock - - - - J

To be remitted in Specie to Virginia, for] the extra Services of the Forces under General Braddock -

To be remitted to, the Deputy Paymaftar] at Virginia and Boston, for the Subsistence of Four Regiments of Foot

-J

f Warrant, dated]

[31st March 1756 J

5th August 1755 - -

15th May 1755 - 3,000

7U1 June 1755 - - 3,qoo

27th August 1755 - -

6th September 1755 -

21st May 1755 - 537 to —

24th July 1755 - 470 6 3

24th May 1755 - 705 9 5

24th July 1755 - 302 6 io£

2lit June

1755 -

5,678 15 10

10.000 -

6.000 -

25 — —

10.000 -

1.007 16 3

1.007 16 3f

1.000 -

27th May 1755

19 12

yth June 1755 -

2,000 — —

W

O

18th May 1755 - -

f TreasuryLetter,' < dated 20th December 1754 -j

10,574

1,000

13th February 1755 3.000 -

10th March 1755 - 6,000-----

Treasiiry Direction

13*650 8

Warrant of the] Lords Justices, ! dated 24th June! A755

f Treasury Di-'

-! rection, 10th July >

I1755

20,000-----

7,106 8 —

Accounted for in > Account declared *21 ft* December 1765.

Cn

No. 20.

John Thoud

John Hanbury, their Assigns -

and

or

f Money remitted in Specie to Boston, fori the extra Services of the Forces under [General Braddock - - - - J f Warrant of the' Lords Justices, dated 29th July A755 19th September 1755 j £. s. d. 30,000 £. s. d.

Like Service ----- 1 1 1 c 0 0 0 1 *50 9 91 ,

1 1

Total between 25th December 1754 and 24th December 1755 - - - £ 169,069 19 8£

Accounted for in /Account declared -21 it December 1765.'

CjTf

Cn

CO

GENERAL ABSTRACT OF INSUPERS.

Between 25th June 1746 and 24th December 1747 -

25th December 1747 and 24th December 1748 25th December 1748 and 24th December 1749 25th December 1751 and 24th December 1752 25th December 1752 and 24th December 1753 25th December 1753 and 24th December 1754 25th December 1754 and 24th December 1755

Total of Insupers -

INSUPERS cleared.

Between 23th June 1746 and 24th December 1747 -

25th December 1751 and 24th December 1752 25th December 1753 and 24th December 1754 25th December 1754 and 24th December 1755

Nowremaining Insuper

£. s. d. £. s. d.

- - - - - 410,579 9 6*

- - - - 381,127 13 3f

- - - - 97,325 5 111

- _ - - 2,761 12 5

- - - - - 5,678 15 10

- - - - - 25,146 9 11

- - - - 169,069 19 8r

m - - - - £ 1,091,689 6 8

9°7 15 5

- " 2,7th 12 5

" 14,053 16 7

- 130,331 — —

148,054 4 5

- - - - - £ 943,635 2 3i

Auditor of Imprefts Office, 19th February 1783.

Phil. Deare, "1 Deputies to the Right honourable Lord

Cha’ Harris, J Viscount Mountstuart, Auditor.

00

23 Geo. III. . a

559

N° 20.

A LIST of Payments made by the Right honourable Henry Earl of Darlington, and Thomas Hay, commonly called Lord Viscount Dupplin, and also the said Lord Viscount Earl of and Thomas,

Esquire, fiicceflively Receiver and Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, between the 2.5th of December 175,5 and the 24th of June 1757, for which the following PciTons remained Infipcr the 24th of June 1757: Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 28th January 17S3, requiring a List of those Persons who have been cleared since the passing the said Account.

Names of Accountants.

For what Service issued.

Rich4 Dams, Esquire, Secretary to Tho1 Foickes and Ja Lord Tyraxclei/, luccctlively Governor of Gibraltar -Meifrs. Pder / anb/trgh, Livuigsttni, and Leads Morris, Junior -

Robert Leake, Esquire, Commissary General of Stores and Provisions -

John Dunlop, for Behoof of Mr. Hugh IVullacCj Ancntand Paymaltcr to the Four Provincial Independent Companies in North Carolina

For sundry special Services for the said Garrison -

‘On Account of Stores and Provisions provided by them - -

For paying off all contingent Expences incurred on the Expediton under the Command of the late General Braddock -

Upon Account of the Pay and Subsistence of the said Companies -

Hugh JFalluce

Jr

For so much lent him for the Province of North J Carolina, for subsisting the Troops of that Province -

| On Account for putting the Forts and Garrisons James Montresor, Esquire, of ?1've"° in a PouftureT,of D<*nee; for rebuilding

Chief Engineer, from the 10th]°the/ °n ‘ V M° a"d

of October 1755 to the 27th\ Hud ons R.,vers; for several Works on

‘ at lort William Henry, Fort Edward, and Albany, and for the Balance of several Works at ..Albany -

On Account of Contingencies for Exprefies, and other incidental Expences

of May 17G0

John Appy

Col. Nathan -

John Irving, Junior Captain Gilbert AT Adam

f O11 Account of Clearing with the Assistant

Sir John St. Clair, DeputyJ Q^tennafter, General, Guides, and other Officers

Quartermaster General - -)and SoJ(llc[s emPlof dp,n catt!ng the Roads and

I other Services, in the Expedition under the Com-

Lmand of the late General Braddock, &c.

Sir William Johnson, folel „ . e.

Ajicnt and SuperintcJidant for L°" Acc"u".* for carrym8 on ,he Sem" of the Indian AIMrs - -) Northern Indians - .

/ On Account of Working Tools, and Men to be [employed under him in His Majesty’s Works

- On Account 4,444.}. Dollars - -

- On Account 4,826 44. Dollars -

Lieut. John Williams, Engineer On Account of the Works carrying on at Albany

Harry Gordon, Esquire, En-f On Account of the Works carrying on at Fort gineer - -[Edward - -

Captain Geo. Barf man - - For sundry contingent Expences.

Daniel H eir, Deputy Com-l.

„ -/v * c. r J[On Account -

mill ary ot Stores -J

GatV Christie, Deputy Quar-J On Account for contingent Uses of His Majesty’s termaster General - -[Forces belonging to his Department, &c.

McllVs. Zb/eand CruikshanksAFor the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn

Merchants at Amsterdam -[by them -

John Thomlinsonand John f Upon Account to enable them to pay several

Hanbury, George Colebrooke,j Bills drawn upon them by their Agents in North and Amohl Nesbitt, Merchants [America, and on Account of Subsistence Vox.. 39.

£. s. d. 1,501 5 10

46.000 -

32.000 -

500 — —

500-----

\o,880 9 6

700-----

20,583 6 8

12,000 -

850-----

i»037 — 8 1,126 5 4 58 6 8

233 6 8

400-----

200 — —

i,i75----

25,000----

114,123 1 10

r ~ ootJoo

- = VON h<N N c Tl tH

/ 1 % \

z: ©

*8

O >0 o % t>

Chris'

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Truth Report on Public Accounts.

560

Julii.

Chris' Kilby, Esquire, Agent f By way of Imprest, and upon Account to pay to the Settlement of Nova- the Allowance of per Man per Day, of Regi-Scotia - -[ments in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland -

John Dies - „ f For Stores and Materials, &c. for His Majesty’s

[Service -

f Upon Account of the contingent Uses of His Majesty’s Forces in North America under his [Command -

Total of Insupers - - -Insuper cleared - -

Now remaining Insuper - -

John Earl of Loudoun

A. 1783.

£. s. d. 14,029 8 9

1,197 6 3

2,000-----

286,094 18 2

233 6 8

285,861 11 6

Auditor's Office, Lord Sondes, Scotland Yard,

14th February 1783.

Jos. Hughes,) Deputy

Jrt JViggtesworth, J Auditor.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N*21.

A LIST of Payments made by Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, to the several Persons following, between 25th June 1757 and 24th June 1765, as appears by the respective Accounts

delivered into the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, and which remain Insuper in the Final

Account of the said Henry Lord Holland, between 25th December 1764 and 24th June 1765.

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by them for Forage for the Hessian Troops -

Between 25th June 1757 and 24th December 1758.

William Earl of Home, Gover-1 f . r j /- t

nor of Gibraltar - - jFor the Contingencies of the said.Garnfoo -

{For Provisions to Major General Hopson's Regiment at Nova Scotia, and Major General Regiment

at Newfoundland -

Messrs. Pye and Cruikshank,

Merchants in Amsterdam, Contractors - -

David Mendez de Costa, Con- ffor the Value of several Kills of Exchange drawn by tractor - - - - -[him for furnishing Bread Waggons for the Hessian Troops

For Bread, Bread Waggons, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1758; and for Bread, Bread Waggons, arid Forage, furnished for the Hessian and Prussian Troops in Germany - -

Towards the Costs and Charges of 3,000 Chaldron of Coals, and transporting them for the Use of the Garrison at Louifbourg and Saint John’s, and for victualling the said Garrisons ——

.To be by him paid over to the Order of Jack, Esquire, on Account of Pay, as Engineer attending the Troops on an Expedition under Major General Hopson, and for other Services -

To be paid over to several Artificers, in full Satisfaction for the Fixtures, Furniture, and other Necefiaries provided by them, in completing and fitting up the Office of Secretary at War in the New Horse Guards -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by him on Account of his Pay, and on Account of Forage for the H.effian Troops - -

r For Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished by the Chancery of War at Hanover to the Hessian and Prussian Forces, in the Years 1757 and 17,58 -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him on Account of Forage and other Extraordinaries for the Hessian Troops -

Richard Oswald, Esquire, Contractor -

James Colebrooke and Arnold Nesbitt, Esquires

Robert Wood, Esquire

John Vardy, Surveyor of the Horse Guards -

Robert Boyd, Esquire, Commissary to the Hessian Troops

Adolph Baron Munckhausen

Monsieur le Baron, d Steinberg -

£. s. d.

1,501 5 10

3,843 2 11

164,358 1 4

24,469 15 11

30,380 7 4

16.000 -

1,100-----

815 16 8 111,000-----

60.000 -

60.000 -

Just.

23 Geo. III.

Just. Henry Alt, Minister from the Landgrave of Hesse Caffell

Captain R. Teach -John Appy, Esquire

2° Julii.

James Montresor, Esquire, Engineer in North America -

Col. John BradstreDeputy 4

Quartermaster General -

Captain Gabriel Christie, Deputy Quartermal’ter General -

For the Extraordinaries of the Hefiian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain -

For purchasing Necessaries for himself and the Troops which came with a Flag of Truce from Quebec -On Account of Contingencies for ExprelTes, and other incidental Expences that may be incurred for His Majesty’s Service -

For the Use of the Works at Albany, Fort Edward, Shenefitady, and the Out Ports; and for the Pay of Carpenters, Smiths, and several other Artificers and Engineers, and for other Services in his Department For Materials for building Batteaux, and for Payment of Artificers and Batteau Men; for providing Corn, Hay, and Wood, hiring Vessels for transporting Troops, and for several other Services -

f For providing Wood, Indian Shoes, Blankets, and other Contingencies, for the Garrison of Albany; for providing Firewood for the rel’pective Garrisons on the Mohawk’s and Hudlon’s Rivers, at Schenectady and Albany; for the Pay of Seven Captains, Five Lieu-(tenants, and 348 private Men, engaged by him in the Batteau Service; for the Fourpences in lieu of Provisions allowed to the Provincial Troops and regular Forces; for Freight of Troops, and for various other Services in his Department -

For Hire of Waggous, Ox Teams, Sleys, and Ilorfes, employed in transporting Provisions and Stores from Albany to Fort Edward and Fort William Henry, &c. ( and for defraying the Expences of Waggon Horles and Ox Teams taken or destroyed; for the Pay of Waggoners and Drivers, and for various other Expences in Miis Department -

% f For Forage Money to the Staff of the Army; for

Sir John St. Clair, Baronet, DeJ®8®*? "nj!, Fora«e Mon^ for„lhe Campaign 175*!

’ \tor hiring Waggons, providing Magazines for Forage,

&c. and for various other Services in his Depart-

linent -

For carrying on the Works' at Albany, and she Forts.

on Hud fens and Mohawk Rivers -

For the Payment of a Number of Indians employed in an Enterprize up the Mohawk River, &c. and for various other Indian Services -

Robert Leake, Esquire, Commis-lary of Stores and Provisions

puty Quartermaster General -

William Green, Esquire, Engineer -

Sir William Johnson, Baronet, Agent and Superintendant of the Affairs of the Northern Indians -

Draper Simon I hood Lieutenant David Hay

Thomas Willing

For Provisions and other Necessaries purchased for the Cherokee Indians -

On Account of various Expences incurred in the Service of the Ordnance -

For the Use of Sir John St. Clair, Baronet, Deputy -j Quartermaster General, on Account of various Expences I in his Department -Lieut. James Sinclair, Afliftantf For various Expences for the Use of the Ordnance, Deputy Quartermaster Gene-j for purchasing Forage, &c. for the Troops, and for coil* ral - - - - -I tingent Expences of the Troops in his Department

FZte"’ ^aJor^ For various contingent Expences of the Troops -

Adam Hoops, Agent to the Con-/ For the Hire of Waggons, and other contingent Extractors for Provisions - -I pences of the Troops -

John Ina'lis _/ For various contingent Expences incurred by him for

1 ° I the Service of the Troops -

Payment and Support of the Maryland Troops, and for farther carrying on the bervice -

/ For the Clothing and Support of Four Companies of L the Maryland Troops -

f For the Clothing and Support of Three Companies of Lthe North Carolina Troops

tractors for victualling the Troops -

Colonel John Dagworthy -

Major Hugh Wadd

Col. /fcr/i Mercer, of the Peatt-f. £° bt 1 Officers who have contracted to

fvlvania Regiment - -1 buI d a Fort at P,tlburgh> and for various contingent

7 ° [ Expences ——

{For the contingent Expences that may be incurred in the Communication between Lake George and Albany during his Command - -

£. s. d.

40,000-----

28-----

1,700----

11,861 7 6

37,o8o 3 4

33,701 4 n|

Vol. 39.

7D

30,000-----

17,462 17 6 800-----

8,700---->'

17* *5 3* 500-----

3,000-----

4,110 19 81 400 — - —

1,500-----

162 4 5

1,519 10 8

715 15 Hi

538 15 io£

205 11 1

150----

John

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth

Report

on Public Accounts.

562

John fries

Captain James Abercromby

Darnel Weir, Esquire, in Behalf of Robert Leake, Esquire, Commissary of Stores and Provisions -

a8 Juki.

J On Account of the Pay of 100 Carpenters, 12 Sawyers, \and Overseers, going to Albany to build Boats, &c.

f :_r___t?__________i ____ i 1

For Contingencies for Expresses, and other incidental . Expences -

On Account of his Department -

Henry Ellis, Governor of Georgia

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by him towards the Subsistence and incidental Expences of the ill Troop of Rangers at New York -

John Remold, Esquire, Cover-/.. For <h'V?lue of Two Bills of Exchange drawn by norof Ceoraia - - A him towards forming a Troop of Seventy Rangers, for

® L the Defence of that Province -

Major William Eyre - _ - For carrying on the Works at Fort Edward, &c.

James Hockett, Esquire, Commit f For defraying the Expence of the several Works carrying fary of Stores to the Train -[on under the Direction of Mathew Clerk, Engineer John Williams, Esquire, Engi-J On account of the Works to be carried on, on the neer - - - [Mohawk’s River -

Col. Joseph muiam - J OnlAcconnJ,towri. paying the Eonrpences in lieu of

r I. Provisions for the Massachuset s Forces -

Col. Jedediah Preble - On the like Account -

Col. Jonathan Bagley - - On the like Account -

Col. Thomas Doty - On the like Account -

JViUiomSaUonaoU, Esquire, Pay-L On Accoun*, being a Fond for Three Months Pay of matter of Artillery - -i the additional Engineers employed upon an Expedition J L against Louisbourg -

Col. Nathaniel Meseroes -

Captain John Titcomb

/ In Part of Payment of a Company of Artificers under [his G

Command -

To enable him to provide sundry Necefiaries for the Use of the Independent Company of Provincial Rangers under his Command -

Captain Jonathan Brewer -

Captain William Stark Lieutenant John MlDufee, Commander of the Detachment of Captain Stark's Company of Rangers at Louisbourg -Captain James Rogers Captain John MfCurdy John AT Curdy, James Rogers,' and Jonathan Brewer, Captains of Three Companies of Rangers -Lieut. Col. R. Watson, Deputy Quartermaster General -Robert Paris Taylor, Esquire Serjeant Jeremiah M'Carty

J For the Subsistence of a Company of Rangers under [his Command -

John Tomlinson, John Hanbury, Arnold Nesbitt, and:

Colebrooke, Merchants -

For the like -

In Part of Subsistence of the said Detachment - *

For the like -

For the Subsistence of his Company of Rangers

In Part of the said Three Companies Subsistence for Three Months- -

For Contingencies for the Use of foe Forces on the Expedition under Charles Duke of Marlborough -For the like -

For the like - -

On Account of foe Subsistence of the Forces serving in North America, to be by them paid over to the Deputy Paymaster at New York; and for Money to be by them remitted in Specie to North America, for the extraordinary Services of the Forces there; and to enable them to pay several Bills drawn upon them by their Agents in North America, to answer the Demands of the Deputy Paymastera there -

r

Total of Arrean between 25th June 1757 and 24th'! December 1758 - -J

A- 178

£ s, d. 350 --

300----

100----

892 l 4»

160 8 4 200 — - —

1,000 — — -

2.500 -

300 — —

1,200-----

300-----

300-----

630-----

466 13 4

200 — — 1

291 13 4

291 13 4

250-----

791 13 4

373 6 8

1.500 -

574 14 — 100 — 7-50-----

607,671 7 — ,'

Between 24th December 1758 and 24th December 1759.

t

Richard Dacres, Esquire, Secre-l tary to William Earl of Home, > For the Contingencies of the said Grarrifon - *

Governor of Gibraltar - -J

"'"^Efre’ Z"Over;| For Presents to the Inhabitaots there - 1;

»9 ,8 , H 6,1 >o 6

Jostles

23 Geo. IIL

James Colebrook and Arnold Nes-

bitt, Esquires, Contractors

Thomas Orby Hunter, Esquire

William Earl of Home

-I

Messrs. Pye and Cruikshan/c Colonel Robert Monckton Governor James Murray

General..... Hopson > - -

Lieut. Colonel John

Deputy Quartermaster General -

Sir John St. Clair, Deputy Quarternmfter General

Lieutenant James Sinclair, Assistant Deputy Quartermaster

General John Forbes -

Col. Henry Bouquet, Deputy Adjutant General

Louis Ourry, for Col. Bouquet -

Ueut Lewis Ourry, Assistant Deputy Quartermaster General - -

Sir William Johnson, lole Agent and Superintendent of the Affairs of the Northern Indians -

Thomas Sowers, Sub Engineer

Joshua Loring, Esquire

Upon Account, in further Advance towards the Cost and Charges of Coals, and transporting the same for the Use of the Garrison at Louisbourg, and for victualling the Garrisons of St. John’s and Louisbourg.

In full Satisfaction and Discharge of a Bill Of Exchange, drawn by him on Account and in Part of Payment for the Magazines of Forage at Munster, and le-veral other Places -

For several Bills of Exchange, drawn by him on

I Janies Tierney, and payable 4o several Persons, for Monies taken up by the said Earl, to be by him applied towards the Redemption of several of His Majesty’s Sutyects, Captives in the Empire of Morocco -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by .-them on Account of Forage and Grain -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him . for the Service of the Garrison of Quebec -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him [ for the Service of the Garrison of Quebec

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for the contingent Service of the Expedition under his Command -

For Waggonage, Wood, Hay, Hire of Vessels, Pay of Carpenters, Payments for Provisions, for Horses and Oxen, and for Materials for building Batteaux, Whale . Boats, &c. -

For Pay to sundry Persons in Pensylvania, &c. for Carriage of Provisions, &c. during the Command of the late General Forbes, and for various contingent Expences of the Troops in his Department -

For Sundiies purchased by him, and for making Bags,

&c. for transporting Provisions -

On Account of the contingent Expences of the Troops under his Command -

For purchasing Waggon Horses, Dry Forage, &c. and j for other contingent Expences for the Use of the Army [in America -

For the Purchase of Provisions, Hire of Waggons, &c. -

For various Services of the Forces in his Department

For purchasing Goods necessary for the Indians for the Campaign, and other Services in his Department -

For carrying on the Works at Fort Stanwix and Of-wego, and several Polls from Schenectady, and to discharge Carpenters employed in building Fort Ontario, at Oswego, &c. -

For sundry Stores and Rigging for the Vessels on the Lakes, for Whale Boats, Oars, and Freight, and for . Materials for building Hospitals to the Eastward

For purchasing Horses for Carriage of Provisions from Fort Bedford to Ligonier, &c.

For carrying on the Service in his Department

Captain Robert Calender, and Bamdby Hughes, Contractors Captain David Hay, command-iftg the Artillery to the Well-ward -

Ueut. Ja> Dow, Afliliant Deputy/ For Carriage, and purchasing Forage, and other Con-

Quartennafter General - -\tingencies of the Army to the Weltward -

Doctor Tho Walker, for the Use/ For Carriage of Provisions for the Troops from Win-

of Colonel Byrd - - -[cheller in Virginia, to Fort Ligonier

n 0 rr, rjr , f For Provisions, and Carriage thereof, from Virginia

Doctor The Walker - -{wd »Pteburg.Tc. - -

Thomas Rutheiford, for Doctor f Fof forpifoing Provisions, Forage, and Carriage Tho’Walker - - thereof to the West ward -

John Montgomery, for John Smithy Towards purchasing 100 Hds. of Rum, for the Army of Carlisle ... -|to the West ward -

r For Stores and Tools provided at New York for the I Lake and Mohawk Rivers, &c.; for Stores and Col. James Montresor, Chief Ep-J Tools to be lodged at Albany, &c. i for Payment of

gineer in North America

Vol. 39.

Artificers and Labourers, and for Stores provided for the Campaign, and to cany on the Works at Fort George -

£ I, <L 24»»38 $ 4

50,000 -

59,3oi 15 — 185,191 5 8 3,825 12 3

1.000 ---- —

2.500 -

79,000-----

98,500 9 6i 491 2 10$ 192 10 —

51,847 4 io|

1.000 -- — *

686 13 4

8.000 -7- —

4.500 —

3,48i 7 8

5,733 6 n

2.000 — —

1,368 6 8 500 — < —

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1,000 —

7,000 — —

Leonard

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Renort on Public Accounts.

5^4

4* Julii.

A. 1783.

Leonard Jarvis, of Boston, Mer-f For providing live Cattle for the Use of the Army

chant - - - - \ under the Command of General -

Captain George Garik, " T*

Lieut. Col. William Lyre, En- f For the Payment of Artificers employed in carrying gineer - - - -\on the Works at Crown Point -

*5 Stores a^^Provisior^111^8^} To carry on the Service of his Department -

For Fuel for the Troops, and for fitting up Barracks, and for fuhdry other Expences for the Military Services of Nova Scotia, and for carrying on the Works, and for other contingent Expences, &c. at Halifax, Lunenbourg, Fort Cumberland, &c. and for procuring Artificers and Necessaries on the Expedition at the . River St John, &c.

I For the Service of the Hospital for the 15th Regiment of Foot, and for defraying the contingent Expences of the Garrison at Quebec, &c.

Major Gabriel Christie, Deputy"!

Rich Bulkeley, Esquire -

Col. James Murray -

Quartermaster General

..... Bernier, Commissary of|

War for the French Troops -/ Daniel Wier, Commissary of

Stores and Provisions William Spear, for Colonel Mcr\ err. or the Officer command I

0

cer, or ing the Troops at Pittsburg

William Scrogie

On Account of his Department -

For the Use of the French General Hospital -

For contingent Expences -

For purchasing Provisions, &c.

Robert Melville Robert Paul -

~f For various contingent Expences of the Troops under "! the Command of Brigadier General John Forbes . f To pay sundry Persons for their Meadows and Paf-

Edxcard Shippen, Esquire - tures taken for His Majesty’s Use -

Lieut. Colonel Peter Desbrisays

Governor and Commander in I j-or t^e contingent Services of the said Government, Chiet «t Fort Royal at Baffe-V nd „|e Forces u*der his Command.

terre, in the llland of Guadaloupe - - - - -J

Col. William Dowling, of Bar- f For Necessaries provided for the contingent Services badoes - - - -f of the Expedition to the West Indies, &c.

f For the contingent Expences of the Garrison at Fort I Royal - - - _ -

f For the contingent Expences of building Barracks and ! Hospitals at Petit Bourg -

n x ec f For the contingent Expences of the Hospitals at

William Bryant, Chief Surgeon j Guadaloupe> &c. ! . - .

Peter Wolfe For the same Service, -

(For purchasing Timber and other Materials for building Hospitals and Barracks, and for contingent Expences of the conquered I (lands -

T , r, „ -n- c , f To be by him paid over to the Artificers and La-

&Tcm ry for bourers employed in repairing the Fort, and making [ Works at Guadaloupe -

T/iomas Sullivan, ConimilTary off For fub(!fti his Clerk Hire of Vessel and other

Stores and Prov, Hons at Goa- f conUngent E^ces ....

For sundry contingent Expences for the Service of the __ Troops upon the Expedition to the West Indies -For defraying the Expences of Ox Teams and Sleys working in transporting Provisions, and for a Supply of live Cattle for fresh Meat for the Troops, &c. ——

For Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces ’encamped in the Year 1758 -f To reimburse the Sum advanced by him to Col. I George Williamson, commanding the Royal Artillery Charles Ward Aplhorp, Esquire \ in America, on Account of an Embarkation of a

Detachment from Boston to Louifbourg, and other LDisburfements -

John Appy, Esquire - - - For contingent Expences for Expresses, &c.

John Thomlinson, George Cole-( For the Subsistence of the Corps serving in North

brooke, Arnold Nesbitt, and] America, to be paid over to the Deputy Paymaster at Osgood Hanbury, Contractors( New York, and for Money to be by them remitted in for remitting Money to the Specie to North America for the extraordinary Services

Ordnance Stores

holnas Sullivai Stores and F daloupe, &c.

George Durant, Esquire -

Robert Leake, Commissary Stores and Provisions of,

Richard Oswald, tractor

Esquire, Con-

Forces in North America Casimer Bifgen, Inspector and Controller of the Hanoverian Train of Artillery in the Pay of Great Britain -

lof the Forces there

For the Pay of several Persons belonging to the said Train, and for discharging the Daily Expences in maintaining the same -

6,000

s. d.

4,000-----

1,275 -

100-----

10,630 3 lit

3,185 9 —

2.000 -

560-----

100-----

373 6 8

ljOOOO-----

222 18 10

2.000 -

18.000 -

2.000 -

2,500-----

200-----

2.000 -

5.000 -

500-----

400-----

2,478 10 2

34.000 -

3.000 -

1,800-----

1,500-----

809,962 17 4

30,019 2 3tW

Thomas

Geo. III.

Thomas Bishop, Superintendant

of the Hospitals for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain -

Anthony Ilenitze Dreer, Proviant

Schricber -Sigismund Forchenbcck -

Ernst. Eredr. Faber, Director of the Bakery for the Foreign — . Troops, and Johan Ernst. Fa-1 thereof her -

a° Julii.

For the Expences of the said Hospitals -

For paying the Country Waggons fumished from Hanover, for transporting Meal from Hamelen -. For the Hire of Waggons for transporting Hay and Straw from Osnabrug to M uniter -

For the Pay of the Bakers and other daily Expences

Lieut. Col. David

Henry Hcsslink of Worden

George Era-hard Di-

rector of the Military Chest of-Hanover -

B. Kirchman, Magazine Keeper

at Northern -

J.G. Konig, Magazine Keeper at Nienhnes -

(For fumishing Forage into the Magazines of Munster for the Use of the Army -

For fumishing Carts and Horses for the Use of the ^Forage Train - -

For Compositions for Bread and Forage to the Officers of His Majesty’s Electoral Troops in the- Pay of Great Britain, and for the extra Allowance of Meat Money for the Body of 38,000 German Troops -

For transporting Oats from Zwoll to Northern, &c.

Moses Levy of Hanover -Justus Moser -

Richard Oswald, Esquire -

For transporting Oats from Zwoll to Nienhnes, &c.

For Rations of Forage for the Use of the Army under the Command of Prince ,in Hesse,

&c. -

For the Hire of Waggons for transporting Forage, &c. -For fondry Bills of Exchange drawn by him to answer-the extraordinary Expences on Account of the Army under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, in Hesse Caffell, and on Account of Bread Waggons fumished by him for the Hessian Troops in the ^Pav of Great Britain, &c. -

T , xt j* r* 7 tt- ci f For the Pay of several Persons belonging to the said

Man Fred Ramterg, Dircaorl Trai >nd & dischar.ing the daily Expellees in ,nain-of the Forage Tram - teining thereof ’ - -

M. Roden, Commissary - - For purchasing Forage, &c. for the Army -

f For Bread fumished to the Troops under the Com-Johan Jacob Uckerman of Caffell! mand of Prince in the Landgraviate of Hesse,

UT

Total of Arrears between 24th December 1758 and|

24th December 1759 -

565

£. s. d.

10,210 5 / To'T

1,784 3 11 1 1 1 To o'

245 6 6-,‘oV

U391 13

14,018 13 9AV

2,453 5 5tI«- k

31,329 5 wVb*

233 12 iot3A

140 3.

37,943 18 6 3 uToy

490 13 ' 1

41,862 12 n *1 jx-oXT

13,247 13 3-rQcV

1,373 8 ItW

146,728 19 T 5tVV

563,631 10 1 0-^^g-

Tenth Report on Public Account*.

Between 25th December ! 759 and 24th December 1760.

William Earl of Home, Governor of Gibraltar - - , -

For the Contingencies of the said s. d.

Garrison - - ‘ - - - 1,002 13 9

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by him, to be applied towards the Redemption of Captives in Morocco -

Sir James Colcbrooke, Bart.‘ and

Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, Contractors for victualling the Garrison of Louifbourg, &c. -_ Sir James Colcbrooke; > Nesbitt, George Colcbrooke, and Moses Franks, Esquires, Contractors - - '

10,000 —

On Account of victualling the said Garrison, &c. - - - 46,521 .8 11

For victualling the Forces in North,

America -; - - - - 203,169 16 —

Sir James Colcbrooke, and Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire - -

Messrs. Pye and CruUcshank

Towards the Costs and Charges of 600 Chaldron of Coals sent to

Quebec - - ' ‘ - - - 3,000-----

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by them for lb much advanced by them, to answer the Expences of Forage, &c. for the Use of the combined Army in Germany -

Riehaid JFo/ge, Esqtiiie, Go 'j For the Value of the Bills of Exchange drawn by him the Forts on their . ~ n J

vernor of River Senegal

Yol. 39.

!ifc

for the Contingencies of the Garrison there -

£. d.

11,002 13 9

252,691 4 11

:E

509,284 16 9 1,143 2 7

James

Tenth

Report on I'tihlte Accounts.

5^6

a8 Julil

James Murray, Esquire, Co-f For the Value of 3 Bills of Exchange drawn by him

vernor of Quebec - - -/ for Provisions for the Garrison there - -

Robert Melville, Esquire, Lieu-f For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by

tenant Governor and Com-! him for the contingent Expences of the said Govem-mander in Chiefof Guadaloupe[ ment -

f For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn -{ by him on Account of Coals for the Use of the [ Forces -

" On Account of the Subsistence of several Regiments in North America, to be by them paid over to the Deputy Paymaster at New York, and for Money to be remitted by them, in Specie, to North America, for the extraordinary Services of the Forces there -

On Account of Expences incurred for carrying on the Works at the Forts and Garrisons at Halifax, Lunenburg, and several other Forts and Garrisons in North America, and for Fuel, Officers Quarters, repairing _. Barrack Bedding, &c. ---»--

On Account of his Department -

On Account of Hay, Forage, Carriage, and other -/various contingent Expences in his Department -

Thomas

George ColebrookeArnold

bitt, Osgood and;

John Tomlinson, Merchants -

Richard Bulkeley, Esquire

1;

Captain James Barbutt, Paymaster of the Works -

Colonel Henry Bouquet, Deputy Adjutant General Col. James Burd, Acting Assistant Deputy Quartermaster General -

Col. John Bradstreet, Deputy Quartermaster General -

Major Gabriel CDeputy( Quartermaster General -

Lieut Jo? Des Barres -Lieut Col. William Eyre, Chief

For various contingent Expences in the Department of Quartermaster General -

On Account towards Payment of Horses and Oxen purchased by him; Expences of Materials for building Batteaux, Whale Boats, &c. and for sundry other Services in his Department -

On Account of Pay to several Officers afiting in public Employments, and not provided for on the Establishment; for Provision Money due to several Regiments, and on Account of Money in lieu of Firing for the Officers of the Corps employed at Albany and Schenectady in the Winter 1759; for Carriages on the March of several Regiments, Freight of Vessels, live Cattle, Oats and Hay, and other Contingencies in his Department -

On Account of the Corps of Assistant Engineers and Overseers at Quebec -

Engineer

Capt. George Garth, Engineer

Major Horatio Gates CoptMozes

Adam Hoops -

Captain David Hay, of the Ar-. tillery -

Major Paulus Oemilius Irving, acting as Deputy Quartermaster General to the Troops under Governor Murray

Sir William Johnson, Bart Agent and Superintendant 01 the Northern Indians -

Robert Leake, Esquire, Commifv fary of Stores and Provisions -

On Account of his Department -

Towards Payment of Artificers employed in carrying on the Works at Crown Point and Ticon-. deroga -

For various contingent Expences - -

On Account of the Pay and Subsistence of a Company of Rangers under his Command -To purchase Forage for the Use of the Troops under the Command of Brigadier General Monck-

,ton ....

For the Payment of Waggons, Artificers, and various ..contingent Expences of his Department

On Account of Batt and Forage Money due to the Officers of the several Regiments who took the Field in Campaign 1760; for Pilotage of Vessels from Mon treal; and for the Pay of the Staff of the Army under the Command of General Murray, and the Staff of the Garrison of Quebec, and for other Services in his Department -

( On Account of his Salary, and for the Pay of several foie Officers employed under him; for the Pay of Bat 0 J tcau Men employed in transporting Stores, &c. for N the Use of the Indians on an Expedition against Ca nada, and for Disbursements incident to his Depart-.ment ——

For Cyder and Vinegar, Fishing Nets, Rum, &c. purchased by him for the Use of the Troops; for live Cattle, Pasturage of Cattle, Wages to Drivers, and for Pay due to the several Deputy and Assistant Commis-faries, and for baking Biscuit for the Use of the Soldiers and Sailors in crofting the Lakes, &c. during the Campaign 1760 -

A. 1783.

S. d.

3,402 16 4

8,965 15 a 3,439 *6 9

94M34 3 8

8,894 6 — 8,135 6 8

2,000 — — -

622 4 5

89,961 »5 5

41,814 14 ni

641-----

700-----

1,500----

4.000 -

1,566 10 8

2.000 -

4,600----

8,473 3

4,373 n —

22,665 — - -

Col.

23 Geo. III.

Col. James Montreso Chief En-(

gincer -

Capt. Louis Ouny, Assistant Deputy Quartermaster General -

Messrs. Plumsted and Franks, Agents to the Conlraftors for Provisions -

Francis Russell, Purveyor to the Hospital at Quebec

John Read, Deputy Coinmifiary -

Capt. Lieut. Thomas Sowers, Engineer, having the Care of the Works- carrying on in the Wef-tern Department.

2° Julii.

567

Sir John St. Clair, Baronet, Deputy Quartermaster General

Major George Scott, Commander of a Body of Rangers that served at Quebec in the Campaign 1759-Lieut. John Williams, Engineer Extraordinary -Thomas Bishop, Superintendent of the Hospitals for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain -Casimer Bilgen, Inspector andj Controller of the Hanoverian s

For the Expences of Stores provided at New York and Albany for the Mohawk River, Fort George, &c.

; the Payment of occasional Engineers, and other Contingencies; and to pay off Stores provided for the Forts of Niagara, Ontario, Stanwix, Ticonderoga, and Crown Point -

For the Use of Mr. James Livingstone, oh Account of his Pay as Fort Major at Cumberland, and for various contingent Expences in his Department

For purchasing Pack Horses, hiring Waggons, &c. for transporting Provisions and Forage for the Western Army - -

On Account of Pay due to the Extraordinary Officers of the Hospital there -

On Account of Wages due to sundry Persons, and . various other Expences in his Department

On Account of Pay due to the Overseers and Artificers, and other Expences, for carrying on the said Works, and for Pay due to the contracted Carpenters employed at Fort Schuyler and Fort Ontario -' For the Payment of sundry Persons in Peulylvania for Carriage of Provisions, &c. during the late Brigadier General Forbes's Command; for the Payment of Four Commissioners for examining and settling the 1 Public Accounts of General Forbes's Campaign; for Fire Money for the Officers of the Hospital for the Year 1759; for Baggage, Forage, and Provision Money, and for various other contingent Expences in his Department - -

On Account of his Pay and the Pay of Four Companies of Rangers, viz*. Rogers's, Starks's, Brewers's, and the late M‘ Curdy's. -

Towards Payment of Artificers employed in carrying on the Works at Fort George -

To establish an Hospital at Lipftadt; for the Wages of Physicians, Surgeons, Mates, Nurses, &c. and for Medicines and sundry other Necessaries at different Places -

Towards defraying the daily Expences of the said

Train of Artillery H. C. Borchers

Conrad Christian Cappell -Lawrence Dundas, Esquire

"j Train

- For the Expences of the Magazine at Duderlladt f For the Payment of Labourers, and other necessary -[Charges attending the Magazine at Pickellheim -

{For the Hire of Waggons fumished by him, and for Horses killed in Battle, destroyed by hard Service, or taken by the Enemy, and for Waggons loft

Shaffers, and

® I To pay the Waj»es of Stallmasters, " Drivers of the said Train

For the Pay of the Bakers, and other daily Expences

C. Dietsch, Proviant Vervalter ofi the llonoverian Train of Ar«

tillery

Ernst. Fred. Faber, Director ofi

the Bakery for the Foreign I „ . n 1

Troops - ° _ I attending the said Bakery -

William Gunn, Assistant Quarter-f On Account of Forage to be delivered by him for the master General - - -[Use of the Staff at the English Head Quarters -

George Wilhelm Grote, Direction „ . , TT/.

of the Hospital at Munlter -} °n Account’ for the Use of fald HofPltal

f Towards paying the daily Expences incurred in car-[rying on the Siege of Weffell -

{Towards paying the Expences to be incurred upon receiving Forage, &c. -

Lieut. General Hardenberg Proviant Vervalter Hillcger

The Chancery of War of Hano-

ver -

Geo. EbcrhardHedcman, Director of the Military Chest of Hano-< ver -

Vol. 3D.

For providing Reserves of Horse and Foot, with proper Equipments, in order to be ready to recruit the Army, and for levying and subsisting Troops; for Pay, Bread, and Forage, for the reserved Troops; Levy 1 Money, &c. - -

On Account of extra Allowance of Meal Money for the Body of 38,000 German Troops, and for the usual Compositions for vacant Rations of Forage, and Portions of Bread, for the said Troops, and for levying and subsisting 5 Battalions Franc, proposed to be raised for the Augmentation of the Army in Germany -

£. i. d.

2,484 i4 3 969 17 ii

34,288 18 — 517 10 — 153 *4 "I

1,055 — —

23,502 10 6

2,200

500 — —

39,024 — 5t5*

46,907 *3 *f rrs

44 3 2tW

19 12 6-1*

77,672 19 9-rVV

49 1 3-r

9.537 3 2-nrff

441 11 9-Ara-

981 6 2

1,570 1 10WV

147 3 11,‘A

79,729 11 8-Anr

32,178 14

John

Tenth Report on Public Account*.

T*»nlh Report on Public Accounts.

568

2° Julii.

Bakery Conrad Mam berg

A. Oilman

Richard Oswald, Esquire -

J. C. Ple

John Philippe Meineke, CnlTier!

of the Hanoverian Chanccrv of On Account of the Subsistence of 5 Battalions Franc -War - - - - -J

David Massip, Director of the/ Towards paying the Expences of the Bakeries of

-/ Dullmcn, Borcken, and Coesfcldt - -

- To enable him to purchase Oats, Rye, and Hay f On Account of Forage delivered to the Corps of \ General - -

IOn Account of Bread and Bread Waggons for the Use of the Army in Germany; Forage to Waggon Horses, &c. Wheat, Wheat Meal; Waggons for the Equipage of Duke for Hortes killed by

hard Service, or taken by the Enemy; and for establishing Magazines in Hesse Caffell -/ Oh Account, for the Use of the Magazine at I Mohringen -

Johan Fred. Romberg, Dircaorf, ‘!,e "onging to the

of the Foraec Train - -1 fa,d 1 ra,n> and for d,scharg, ngthe da, ty Expences of

° I the fame

----- Reichardt, Deputy of the/ On Account of Wheaten Meal furnished to the

Regency of Cleeves - -LBrhifh Troops -

— *---- Roden - - - For Repairsof a Bridge over the Wefer, at Beverungen

KndinfGmem°T£Lft} defraying the daily Eapences of the Magazine Corps - - - -J under "1S Owe -

Ludeu'ig Johan Gerhard Riche,}

Proviant Schrieber, employed j-Towards paying Freights from Zwoll to Nordhorn -at Nordhorn Jean Richard -

Proviant Schrieber Bademaker

C. L. Sturcke -

B. Spillner - -

JacobSchxcaan

- For the Use of the Magazine at March Orendorff

{On Account of Forage to be paid for by him, that may be brought to Warburgh -

- For the Use of the Magazine at Hardegfon -

ro o #

For the Use of the Magazine at Lindow and iGibellhawfen -

To defray the daily Expences of Wages, Labourers,

ram -

.&c. attending the Magazine at Muniter-

J Ci. Schaedler, Director of the/ ir* . *u t *

, rii (For defraying the daily Expences of the kud lrai

forage train - - -J 0 . J *

Proviant Schrieber Tapper beck - For the Use of the Magazine at Eimbeck

a a *7* . — r> -a' I Upon Account, for Forage delivered into the

up/*sp5- TTaf^ 1 Magazine at Corback and Wildunkein, for the Use the Prince of Waldcck d of the Army.

f For Expences and Charges on the Wcfer, in trans-’/ porting Magazines from Bremen to Hebe Cabell

---- Tuchkt, Magazine Keeper/ For the Payment of Labourers and other necessary

at Lichtman - - -/Charges attending the said Magazine -

J. Velake, Oder Stalmaster for the/ For the Pay of the feveraf Officers of the said

-/Train - -

{For defraying the Expences of the Magazine at Warburgh -

f On Account of Bread, Forage, Rye, Meal, and -J Sacks, delivered for the Use of the Army in Hebe; and [ into the Magazines at Zeigenhayn, Called, &c.

F' J, ’ Yorke, Coinmifl’ary to! Qn Account to pay for Bread and Foraije purchased tho Corps under the Commend f „ M h from Weffell to Lij, Jj,

of Count Kdmanseggc - -J

Total of Arrears, between 2,5th December 1759/ o and 24th December i 760 - - - -J

Mat firm Ticls and Sons

Proviant Train Proviant Vci valter

John Jacob Uckcnnan

Between 24th December 1760 and 24th December 17C1.

John Appy, Esquire -

For the Contingencies of the Secretaries Office in North America -

Being the Balance due to the Chancery of War of Ileynover, for Bread, Forage, and Firewood, delivered to the Hessian and Prussian Troops in the Year 1757 and 1758 -

James Bar but, Esquire, Paymaf-1 A „

ter of the Works - - J On Account of his Department -

If tlliinn Best, to be by him paid over to Aihlph. Baron de Munchausen

Col. John Braditrcet, Deputy! „ . , ... n '

Qua. termalicr General- {} On Account of li.s Department -

A. I 783.

£ s. d.

8,(312 18 4 AV

1,022 10 c «<» 5->- s

28,037 7 P \ A. / 1 "o

981 6 2

1 53,997*7 2-reV

24 10 7 AV

12,472 13

245 6 s 0, ut 0 9 - 0

49 1 3yVo

196 5 2-rW

539 14 4k°o

14 14 A 4i t f -

93- 2 W 40 /TV*

14 14 4tW

15 14 10 _ w 1 0

245 6 6 Us

U-5751 2 3t'A

14 14 1 7 ° 4iT3\

O CO 1^ 9 4A-V.

4,9°6 10 10-rVtf

19 12 6-r-o'V

2,526 9 m 9 0^ / 1 V O

196 5 JL i s &

169,893 7 A 1 1 0*

245 6 6 5 <5’^-c J O

2,694,959 14 o’» 1 0

200 — *

335,217 / 1

1,960 — —

19,000 — —

Anthony

2$ Geo. III.

Anthony Bacon, Esquire

Chris' Bath, Esquire, Commissary

of Stores -

IUchd Bulkclcy, Esquire

3

For several Quantities of'Goods'by him supplied for the Use of the Garrison of Senegal; for the Hire of a Sloop, anil for various Sorts of Goods for Presents to Negro Princes and Chiefs -

For carrying on the necessary Works and Repairs in Belleifle; and for Payment of l'undry Persons employed in the Magazines for the Army -

For the Additional Expences of Fuel for the Troops and French Prisoners at Halifax, George’s island, Lunenburgh, and several other Places; and for Overseers, Labourers, Pioneers, &c.; ‘and for sundry Materials purchased for Barrack Furniture, House Rent, &c. - -

For the Contingencies of his Office as Secretary -

For Expences in his Department - - .

For viQoalling the Forces in North America; for Cost and Charges on Monies remitted to Louilhourg; and for damaged Provisions condemned and destroyed for Want of proper Storehouses, &c.

For Contingencies of the said Garrison

Hector ThcophilusCramahb, Esquire - -

Major Gabriel Christie, Deputy

Quartermaster General -Sir James Colebrooke, Baronet,

Arnold Nesbitt, George Colebrooke, and Moses Franks, Ef-" quires, Contractors Richard Dacres, Esquire, Secre tary to William Earl of Home,

Governor of Gibraltar -

Campbell Dab-ample, Esquire, f F°T the Vdue several Bite of Exchange drawn by Governor of Guadeloupe -hlm for U,e necesrary contingent Charges of his Go-

r [vernment -

JfllliamEyre, Engineer, having''] the Direction of the Works r- u . w, , -

carrying on at several Forts on V ,nC"n'e'1 " ""TV *he Works of the Communication from Al- I11* t,d Iort3....

bany to Canada -)

The Earl of Home, Governor of f For the Value of a. Bill of Exchange drawn by him Gibraltar - - ( for sundry special Services of the Garrison -

John Hankins, acting Paymaster C For Expences incurred by the Engineers in carrying

of the Engineers Department \on the Works at fevered Forts, &c.

Sir William Johnson, Baronet, iole j

Agent and Superintendant for the Affairs of the Northern Indians -

Hubert Leake, Esquire

Henry Moore, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica Lieut. Governor llotf Melville, Commander in Chief of Gua--daloupe -

On Account of his Department

For Pay due to his Deputy and Assistants, &c. the Cost of fresh Meat for the Sick in His Majesty s Hospitals, and sundry other Expences incurred in his Department -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him - -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by him for defraying the necessary contingent Expences of that Government - - -

(For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for a Sloop for the Use of the Garrison of Goree, and for so much paid by Mr. Henry Hill, Agent to Anthony Bacon, Esquire, to the Troops in that Garrison, for short Allowance of sundry Provisions due to them -

Captain Lewis Ourry, Assistantj

iFor the contingent Expences in his Department -

Deputy neral -

Quarter Master Ge-

Messrs. Pycand Cruikshank

Messrs. William Plumsted David Franks, Merchants

and

Lord Rollo, Governor

island of Dominica

of the

Lieut. James Sinclair, Assistant Deputy Quartermaster General

Sir John St.Clair, Baronet, De-

puty Quartermufter General Chauncey Toicmhaid, Esquire

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by them for Forage and other Things provided for the Service of the Combined Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand - -

For the Payment of the Carriage of Provisions and Stores, &c. -

For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for the necessary contingent Charges of that Colony, and for the extraordinary contingent Expences of the Troops under his Command -

For various contingent Expences in his Department -

For the Payment of sundry contingent Expences at Fort Pitt, and other Western Garrisons -For victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia -

5%

£‘ & d. Tenth Report 011 Public

3,936 9 7 Accounts*

529 5 3

8,62 6 13 8 200 — —

9»5oo-----

623,853 5 0 999 18

22,8l6 9 — »

3,098 —

2,569 8 11 8,535 H *0 4,305 a

1,250-----

837 4 —

13,060 — —

318 8 11

200 — —

t,747,798 15 7 10,500 ——

2,112 6 ia 1,100-----

1,800-----

18,188 16 4

Vol. 39.

7F

John

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

57°

John Thomlinson, George

brooke, Arnold Nesbitt, and Os-' good Hanbury, Contractors

Daniel Wier, Esquire, Commis-fary of Stores -

William Affermorth -

Bernhard Arntzen -

Casimer Bilgen, Inspector and Controller of the Hanoverian Train of Artillery in the Pay of Great Britain -

G. Berth -

Thomas Bishop, Director of the

Foreign Hol'pitals

George Cordes, Bailiff, at Yburg

Lieut Col. Estorff -

Carl. WilT Engelbrecht -

Ernst. Fred1 Faber -

Baron De Hombold -

Julii.

Proviant Vervalter Heneke

Conrad Mamberg - Mr. Massip -

Engelbert Muller, Magazine Keeper -

Proviant Schrieber Mutzel Lieut. Meisner -The Chamber of Minden -

Richard Oswald - -

Proviant Schrieber Proviant Schrieber Riche, employed at Nordham to receive Bye and Meal at Zwoll, and forward the same to Munster -

Bailiff Reinhard

Sir William Russell -

Mr. Raesch, Magazine Keeper -

Proviant Verwalter Richards

Proviant Schrieber Schanlz Proviant Verwalter Schmidt Proviant Schrieber Schmidt Mr. Salles, Director of the Foreign Bakery at Munster Johan Jacob Uckerman Mr. Bailiff Vopel -

{’ For the Subsistence of the Corps serving in North America, to be paid over by them to the Deputy Paymaster at New York, and for remitting Money in Specie for the extraordinary Service of the Forces there -

On Account of his Department -

For Forage delivered by him to the Corps commanded by the Prince of Brunswick -

For defraying the Expences attending the Magazines at Leer, Halte, and that Neighbourhood - - ’ -

For defraying the daily Expences of the said Train

For hiring the Boats and paying the Expences attending the Magazines of Forage upon the Ems, and the Transport thereof to the principal Magazine at Munster -

For discharging the Debts due to the Foreign Hof-pitals, for the Pay of Officers belonging to the Hano-.verian and Hessian Hospitals, &c.

Upon Account of new Sacks delivered into the Magazines at Munster -

{For Subsistence of the 5 Battalions Franc, for providing Firelocks, Carbines, Pistols, Swords, &c. for the Service of the Legion Britannique, &c.

{On Account of Waggons furnished by the Regency of Hanover - -

For the Pay of the Bakers, and other daily Expences attending the Foreign Bakery -

f In Advance to him on the Purchase of 3,000 Quintals 1 of Meal for the Use of the Army -J For the Use of the Bakery belonging to the Garrison [of Lippltadt -

For the Purchase of Oats, Rye, and Hay. -For the Use of the Bakery - - - - .

For defraying the Expences attending the Forage and Meal Magazines at Munster, and for defraying Boat Hire of the Six Northern Boats employed in transporting Meal and Forage -

For the Use of the Field Bakery attached to the Corps of his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince*of Brunswick, &c.

For the Forage delivered by the Country of Waldeck -For 150,000 Rations of Forage, agreed to be furnished by them in different Places where the British Artillery was quartered -

For Waggons furnished by him, for the Use of the English and Hessian Troops; for Bread and Forage, and transporting thereof; for Loss of Horses killed or destroyed by excessive hard Service, &c.

For the Use of the Magazine at Mohringcn

Towards paying the Freights from Zwoll to Nordham, ’and other Expences attending that Service, &c.

For Forage delivered into the Magazines at Ofterode and Hartorff -

f For defraying the Expences attending the Meppen [Magazine, and Transports of Forage to Munster -f For necessary Expences attending the Kings Magazine at Lippeftadt -

{For the Use of the Magazines at llirchfield and Brunswick -

For the Use of the Magazine at Ofterode -In Advance for Forage -

For the Use of the Magazine at Oifenacke f For paying the Wages and Expences attending the [said Bakery - - - '

For Forage, Rye Meal, and Sacks -For Bread and Forage to be furnished by him

Total of Arrears, between 24th December 1 n 1760 and 24th December 17C1 - - J

A. 1785.

Jl. s. d.

552,163 1 7

U350 — —

4,906 10 10

49° 13 i

26,055 »2 6-rVc

1,962 12 4

32,553 9 9tcV

196 5 2-rVV

23A17 16 6T*snf

735 »9 y 5 0 /TIT'S*

8,454 7 ey % J 1 'O $

*,367 8 10-tb-s*

294 3 3-rVa-

204,868 10 1-Att

kO O O r* 16 9tV*

1,962 12 4

441 11 9-nrr

2,453 5 5

2,441 17 2-rVV

246,209 6

24 10 8 O / Tor

84816 M O / ToT

735 19 *1 $ 0 / To T

98 2 7 4- 9 71 6 «

245 6 5 O UToT

200 3 8tV«

14 14 4t%°o

735 >9 *7*0 / T <5 o'

49 1 0 7 0 OTTS

30812 £ 2 O Ol 6 of

8,866 2 1 O Tor

1,860 9 0 6 s O 1 5 V

.569,533 »7 Q 8 0 0 1 t r

Between

23 Geo. lit

i* Julii.

Between 25th December 1761 and 24th December 1762.

Major General John Par slow,

Commander in Chief of the Town and Garrison of Gibraltar -

Lieut. General Edward Com-' wallis, Governor of the said Town and Garrison Sir George Colebrooke, Bardnet,'

Executor to Sir James Colebrooke, Baronet, Arnold ___________

bill, Moses Franks, and Sir (’North America George Colebrooke, Baronet,

Contractors -

For the Contingencies of the said Garrison

For the Contingencies of the said Garrison -

For Provisions issued to the Forces in divers Parts of

- £. 324,940 8 7

Sir Geo. Colebrooke, Executor of Sir James Colebrooke, and Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, Con-< tractors for victualling the Garrison of Louisbourg -

John Blackburn

For victualling the distressed French Families in the island of St John’s, and for Provisions delivered to Lieut John Bishop at St John’s, and for Provisions delivered out of the Stores at Louisbourg, for the Ul'e of the King’s Troops - - - 21,490 io

f On Account of Provisions delivered for the Use of the

{Troops on the Islands of Cape Breton and St John’s On Account for victualling Forces in Newfoundland and Nova Scotia -

Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet,

Executor of Sir James Cole- I

brooke. Baronet, and Arnold ( On Account for sundry Species of Provisions delivered Nesbitt, Esquire, Contractors [for the Use of the said Forces -

for

victualling

O

Guadaloupe William Willi/, Esquire

the Forces in

f To enable him to deliver at Bremen a Quantity of -I Wheat, Oats, Barley, and Rye, for the Use of the

Anthony Bacon, Esquire -

John Pitt, Esquire

Messrs. Pyc and Cruikshank

1 " nttHj vyatjj xyaiitjr)

[Combined Army in Germany

f To answer the like Sum expended by him in purchasing 900 Suits of Bedding, consigned to Worge, Esquire, Governor of Senegal -

Towards the Expence of the Works and Repairs of the Parade, and the Banks of the great Canal, in Saint James’s Park -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by them, so much having been advanced by them to answer 1 the Expences of Forage, &c. for the Use of the Com-[ bined Army in Germany -

(For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by them, so much having been advanced by them to answer the like Expences of Forage, &c.

r, . „ r, r,.. . I For the Value of several Biils of Exchange drawn by

amp e a rympe, quire, on Account of contingent Charges of the said

Governor of Guadaloupe -(Government ——

Lord Rollo, Governor of thef For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by liland of Dominica - [him, for defraying the Contingencies of the C0I0113'

Chet lleathcotc, Esquire, Com-'| For the value of Tw0 Bills of Exchange drawn by

mnnrlnr in I hint nt ho l< nrenc V . , . O v

him, for defraying the Contingencies of the island -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange drawn by him, for the Purchase of Negroes in the Islands of Antigua and Saint Christophers, for the Service of the Expedition under the Earl of Albemarle -

For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange drawn by him, on Account of the contingent Expences of the GaiTifon there, and for Coals bought for the Use of the said Garrison - -

Thomas Barlow, Esquire, Com-' miliary of Stores and Provisions at Belleille - - -'

Lucius Ferdinand Cary, Esquire, jf For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him,

Governor of Goree - -1 for the contingent Charges of the Garrison there -

OO

William Russell, Esquire, Direc-f For the Payment of himself and Clerk, sundry Surgeons, for of the Hospitals at Mar-! Surgeons Mates, &c. and for the contingent Expences of tinique - - -[ the said Hqspitals -

Vo l. 39-

mander in Chief of the Forces in the island of Dominica

Robert Monckton, Esquire, Commander at Martinique and its Dependencies -

John Forrester, Esquire, Governor of Belleille

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him, for the Contingent Charges of the Garrison there -

571

Sm df 9 9^ Tenth Report on Publie Accounts#

668 9 2

346,430 19 4

2,028 — id 29,121 3 9

40,095 6 11

56,800-----

1,906 — 9 . 903 — 10

513,630 8 3

414,200 8 3

22,108 4 3 5,205 5 6

2,000 -

38,394 18 6

268 8 4 598 5 4 65------

1,585 "aT

Major

Tenth Keport on Public Accounts.

57*

a* Jutii.

Major Ale.i' Moneypenny, Deputy Quartennafter General on and Expedition in the West Indies -Captain Mathew Leslie, Assistant Deputy Quartennafter General on an Expedition in the West Indies -

Henry Cuyler, Deputy Commis-

lary of Stores and Provisions -

Daniel Mandexille -

On Account of Batt and Forage Monqy to the Army on that Expedition, for Provisions purchased, and for Pay of Officers under him, &c.

Qn Account of Batt and Forage Money, and for Provisions purchased for the Use of the Army, and for-contingent Expences, Vessel Hire, &c.

On Account of Money disbursed for the Forces

On Account of the contingent Hospital Expences of; the Forces on a secret Expedition -

| Being so much committed to his Charge and Care for conveying to John Esquire, of the Istand of Saint

Peter Clark, Captain of the Fer- Christopher’s, or to the Assembly of the said Island, for ritt - - r - -1 the Subsistence and Pay of 97 Negro Slaves brought

from thence, for the Service of the Forces on a secret' ^Expedition -

For furniftring Provisions, Hire of Boats, and sundry other contingent Expences, in subsisting and embarking 2,000 Negro Slaves, raised there for the Service of the Forces on a secret Expedition -

{' To be by him conveyed to Jamaica, for the Subsistence of a certain Number of N.egro Slaves and Mulattos, lent from thence for the Service of the Forces on a secret. Expedition, to answer the Expence of those that were killed, died, loft, or rendered useless to their Owners on the said Service - -

J Being so much committed to his Charge and Care, for

v. ..... firJSSsffidZIlbnd *Saiot

Robert Graham, Ef<j|uire, Receiver General of the Island of" Jamaica' -

Jonathan Gorton

John Hunter, Deputy Purveyor to the Hospitals at Belleifle Lieut. Colonel Charles O'Hara, Quartennafter General - r William Warde, Esquire

Richard Bulkeley, Esquire

Subsistence and Pay of 97 Negro Slaves, brought from thence for the Service of the Forces on a secret Expedition - -

On Account of the said Hospitals -

On Account of Contingencies of the Forces on the . Expedition to Portugal -

On the like Account - -

f On Account of the Subsistence of several Regiments John Thomliason, George Cote*^ serving in North America, to be paid over by them to

brooke, Arnold Hesbitt, aqd\the Deputy Paymaster at New York, and to be by them Osgood Hanbury, Merchants - I remitted in Specie to North America, for the exlflraor-

viinary Expences of the Forces there - -

y , T<r f For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn

Jama Murray, Esqwe, Cover-I . U|n on A , f the Subsistence of the Forces

□or-of Quebec - r -|thJere ....

JOn Account of Expences and Fuel for the Troops and French Prisoners, and for several hired Houses, taken up in lieu of Barracks and Officers Quarters; for Materials I purchased, and Payment of Artificers, &c. employed in [the Military Services at Halifax -

Col. John Bradstreet, Deputy] On Account of Disbursements for the Public Service Quartennafter General - -Lin his Department -

on Account Expences in his Department - -

r On Account of Pay due to the Staff of the Garrison, and of the Troops in the Government of Quebec, and for Batt and Forage Money, Provisions, Pay of Eu-

I- gineers and Draughtsmen employed in the Survey of the River St. Lawrence, Materials, Artificers, &c. and for various other contingent Expences in his Department -

f’ To enable him to pay for 60 Tierces of Rice and 752 Barrels of Flour, purchased for the Use of the Troops;

J for Pay due to his Deputies and Assistants; for the Pur-

visions - - - - j chafe of Salt, &c. and for other Expences incident to his

Department - -

L'toy wtlajor£Sc^}°" Account of ExPen"s in his Department - -

J"cL.nhfmV o?Provif,<)SePUt-}on Account of Contingencies in his Department - -

(For paying the Freight of Boats upon the Ems, and defraying the Expences of the Magazines at Halte, Weuer, and Rhede - -

Major Paulas Oernilius Ircing, Deputy Quartennafter Ge-/ nerul - -

A. 1783.

£ s. d.

50,422 .1 10

5 >435 14 ii 752 14 3

9,500-----

1,890 18

1,100-----

50,000-----4

1,836 4 $ 600 — —

202 10 — 500 -

277,209 16 2 220 15 6

10,307 3

13,288 19 9

9,000 -

6,413 16 105

4,074 — 7 100 — —

300-----

525 14 3-.W

Casimer

23 Geo. III.

2° Julii.

CCWoliw UP°n Account for the Spences of the said

Train of Artillery - -Jiraln‘ *

Thomas Bishop, Director of tliej U pon Account for defraying the Expences of the said Foreign llospitals - - -[Hospitals -

Johan Leonard Bartels - For paying the necessary Expences attending the

[ Contribution Forage Magazine at Munster Gr Berth, Magazine Keeper atf On Account of Wages, Granary Hire, and other Ex-Em bden - -[ ponces of the said Magazine - -

J. Binder, Magazine Keeper at f On Account for paying the necessary Expences of the

Dulmon

Henry Augustus Ballauf}', Pro viant Vervaiter to the Magazine at Walirendorff

"[said Magazine

To defray the Expences of the said Magazine -

F. Barries, Deputy from the . °n Afkcnt of Bread and Forage to ^delivered by y of Miiulen - -' hlm to "e ^rooPs in the Country of Mark Linden,

Country

H. C. Borchers, proviant Ver-j

valter to the Magazine at Qua- kenburg -J

Sir Janies Cockburn, Baronet,

Henry Hutton, and Daviil I Cuthbert, Esquires, Commis- t

t|

[&c.

On Account of the Expences of the said Magazine -

sioners of Enquiry alTeuibled at

For the necessary Service of the said Commission-\ ers ----- £.488 7

5 3 O

Kien berg

Henry Hulton and David Cuthbert, Esquires -

Sir James Cockburn, Baronet

Culeman, Magazine

Keeper at I burg John Claussen, Proviant Schrieber

Conrad Christian Capell - -<

A. JV. Claude, Quartermaster of the Brunswick Hussars -

— — Engetl, Quartermaster of the Corps of Hanoverian Hunters, commanded by Major General Freytag -Lieut. Colonel E Adjutant'

General, churned with the Care and Direction of the De-

For Payment of all Expences of Clerkfttip and Contingencies attending the Execution of the said Commission - 976 14 10

To defray the Expences of the Foreign Hospitals On Account oi his Wages, and the necessary Expences, &c. attending the Magazines at I burg and Ludinghaufen -

On Account of his Wages, and the Expences attending the Transport of Forage from Northorn to Schuttop ——

Upon Account to repay the Expences of the Magazine at Ritberg -

Being the Half Payment in Advance upon Account of-their Claims for Rations and Portions fumished by themselves ——

Upon Account of their Claims for Rations and Portions furnished by themselves -

_ To be by him appropriated to that Service, and for pot of Cavalry, kept up for / the re-equipping the 5 Battalions Franc the completing the several Re-

giments -Ernst. Fred. Faber, Director of the Bakery for the Foreign ] Troops

For the Pay of the Bakers, and other daily Expences attending the said Bakery -

For defraying the Expences of the Magazine at Len-tgerick, See. - -

(On Account of 500,000 Rations of Hay to be delivered by him into the Magazines at Warbergand Bor-gentrinck ——

Kucher, Captain of thef On Account of Bread and Forage for the Hanoverian

[and Buckeburg Troops - -

Proviant Vervaiter Hilleger

P. I. V. Hiddeson -

Regiment of Wagenheim I. A. Krause, Proviant Vervaltefl to the Magazine at Rheme -j Captain Lutterloh, Quartermaf- ter General of the Brunswick}-Troops

I. C. Muller -

For defraying the Expences of the said Magazine -On Account of Bread and Forage for the said Troops

Elizabeth Muller

f To defray the Expences of the Magazines at Guter-[floc, Rlieda, and Weidenbruck - -

For defraying the Expences attending the Magazine

-| of Forage, Meal, and Provisions at Munster, and for [ paying the Boats employed upon the Canal / To repair the Lois of Arms, Accoutrements, &c. fuf-Jean Phillip Mcinckc, Cashier J tair.ed by the 1 ft Battalion of the British Legion, made

of the Military Chelt of 11 a-/ Prisoners of War at Amoenberg, and for Losses fuf-

- - j tained by the Regiment of Hattor of Dragoons, during

[the Campaign 1762 - .

Vo l. 39- 7 G

nover-

573

£. s. a. Tenth.

5,674 17 8-rVW He port 0:1 Public

Account?.'

9,302 6 C\.% 0 UT'Co

49 1 970 DTtT?

.146 10 O 8 O ^re

£ >5 4-Anr

48 16 S-A5*

2,441 17 e\ So

!7 15 O 1 -iter

1,465 2 990

8,986 — 1 I-5- °-x 1 0 0

43 1 0 7 0 Outs r

29 6 7%

35 10 4tVV

2,753 6 10t%V

4,223 *3 Q 6 5 OrtT

13,751 2 4tc°ct

3>979 10 1 ItV*

73 9 8tVV

976 14 10AV

39,2o o! 5 0 8 0 ^To^Sf

35 10 4AV

i5i44S >9 A ° 4 -\-trc

5i 1 -1 7 0

1,205 9 1 rf

4,975

5 n

UVILe

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

574 4° ,

t nr t TLf i. )f S' 0° Account of his Wages and Expences attending

e>c e the Magazines at Schuttorp and Sellem -

----- Massip, Director of thel

Bakery attached to the Corps I For defraying the Expences of the (kid Bakery -of the Hereditary Prince -J

Charles Mason, Esquire, Com-f For the necessary Expences attending the Magazine missary General of Control -1 at Munster, and the contingent Charges of his Office -John Mudie, Esquire, Comnrif-i’ For defraying the daily and current Expences of the

fary - -(.great Foreign Train of Artillery* &c.

George Wilhelm Opperman, andf For defraying tire Expences of the Magazine at C. G. Grossman - - -1 Hamm . -

f For the Pay of Train Waggons fumished by him for -j the Use of the Army in Germany, add for Bread, Wheat, [ Meal and Meal Bags, and for Horses, &c.

A. 1783.

Richard Oswald, Esquire Proviant Schrieber Pustar

J

For paying the Expences attending the Magazine et \ Furstenaw -

William Russell, Magazine Keeper f On Account of Expences attending the Magazines at and First Inspector of the Emsj Meppen and Haeflune, and the Control within the said

District of Control - - -[ District -.....-

f For [raying the necessary Expences attending the Ma-L gazines at Oldenfael, Northom, and Mienhans -f On Account for defraying the Expences of the Ex-1 pedition to Aremberg, and his Wages -f For defraying the Expences of the Magazine at 1 Lipftadt ——

f For defraying the Expences of the Magazine at [Greven -

Ludervig Johan Gerhard Ricke -

Mr. Commissary Reder "{

Carl. Galfried Raesch -{

I. Schmidt -{

J. Salles, Director of the at Munster - L Bakeryj" r

Thomas Turton, Esquire . J 1

Andrew Philip Vopel - F. Weisc, Captain of the Bruns-j wick Chasseurs - - - f

f For the Payment of Forage Receipts and other con--- tingent Expences that required immediate Payment with the Army - -

Upon Account of Bread, Forage, and Meal furnished by him - -

F. R. Weisse -

J Upon Account of his Wages and Expences attending (.the Magazine at Habickfbeck -

Total of Arrears between 25th December 1761 and 24th December 1762

Between the 24th December 1762 and the 24th December iy6$:

For the Contingencies of the Garrison of Gibraltar -For the Contingencies of the said Garrison

For victualling Part of the Forces at Not a Scotia -

John Sweetland Edward Clarke, Secretary to Sir' Rich* Littleton, Governor of the Garrison of Minorca Chauncey Tmvnshend, Esquire,' Contractor - -

Sir James Colebrook, Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, Arnold Nesbitt, and Moses Franks, Esquires, Contractors -

Samuel Smith, of London, Merchant -

For victualling the Forces in North America

For the Purchase of Goods and Merchandizes to be consigned to the Governor of the Province of South Carolina - "

For a Bill of Exchange drawn by them, being for Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Widdeson the Balance of the Marquis of Granby's Drafts on

(.them -

GO,er-j For Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by him - -

For Two Bill, of Exchange drawn by him - -

For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him -

For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him -

Brigadier WM Draper Robert Monckton, Esquire, Ma-" jor General of the Forces at Martinique -Robert Farmar, Major of the'

34th Regiment of Foot, and

Commander of the Troops \ For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him -destined to take Possession off Mobille - - -J

C^ve?nor^fSdou^erqU,re-} Fw Several Bills of Exchange drawn by him -

£ 72 7 d. 4-rVV

4,165 6 li

899 1 IOtVt

9,279 1 4t%

35 10 4-r/w

233,408 16 10

tW

24 10 7-1W 1,02(3 14 5-Ak

636 — 5-iVir

146 10

195 6 it 70 1 T-5W

35 10 A \ % - 4too

513 4 1 1 T*C V

34,163 11 7t«t

4,441 15 0 6 s 4 7'oT

2,177 16 6 rerr

9*5 4

2,326,176 ti 2tW

999 18 1,517 14 7

25,523 19 2

19,649 14 9

5,000 -

6,707 6 5 295 11 3

327 10 —

733 *3 3

3,372 7 3

1,200-----

28,408 13 2

JJenry

23 Geo. III.

2* Julii.

Henry Bouquet, Lieut. Colonel

of the Royal American Regiment of Foot

For the Subsistence and contingent Expences of a Detachment of Forces under his Command, Part of 7,560/. imprested into his Hands for the aforesaid . Service -

John Thomlinson, George Cole-'j

brooke, Arnold Nesbitt, and ' On Account of the Subsistence of several Regiments Osgood Hanbury, Merchants, Serving in North America, to be paid over to the Deputy Contractors for remitting Mo-fPaymaster at New York - -

ney to North America - -J William Cotterell, Esquire, Secretary to John Earl of Loudoun,

Commander in Chief of the Forces in Portugal William Warde, Esquire, Cora-' missary of the British Forces in Portugal -

For Contingencies

Mathew Duron -

RichfBulkeley, Esquire

Col. John Bradstreet, Deputy" Quartermaster General -Lieut Colonel Gabriel Christie, Deputy Quartermaster General

Sir William Johnson, Baronet -

Paulut OemiliusIrving, Deputy

Quartermaster General -

► For contingent Services of the said Forces -

For purchasin^ Materials, Hire of Artificers, Labourers, and other contingent Expences, in repairing the Works at Moro Castle, &c. - -

For purchasing sundry Stores, and Hire of armed Vessels, &c. - - - - " -

For sundry Expences incurred in his Department

- For Expences in his department -

For his Disbursements on Account of the Indians, and for his own Salary as Agent; for the Pay of his Deputies and other Officers employed under him, and other Expences incurred -

For Batt and Forage Money due to the General and Staff Officers of the Forces in North America, and other Expences in his Department - -

To enable him to pay for the Provisions shipped for the Use of the Troops at Florida and Louisiana, &c. for Pay due to his Deputies and Assistants, &c.

For sundry Expences incurred in his Department -

Robert Leake, Esquire, Commis-lary of Stores and Provisions -

Joshua Loring, Esquire Lieutenant Gabriel Matarin, Se-1 cretary to Major General Gage, { For Expences incurred in his Department -

Governor of Montreal - -J John Stuart, Esquire, of Sotfth f For fondfy Gobds purchased by him for Prefects to Carolina - - - -1 the Indians in Florida -

Sir John St. Clair, Barpnet, De-J For Pay and Forage Money due to the Staff Officers puty Quartermaster General - (_ in the Southern Difirict -

-of 'h-j hr the "nti"gem Expences of the &id Hospital - -

For so much paid him to distribute and pay over to the several Commissioned Officers of the said Battalions, as His Majesty’s Rewards and Amends to them, in lieu of Half Pay, on their Dismission at the End of the War -For Ammunition bought by the said Corps, and for Rations of Forage and Portions of Bread remaining due to them ——

Lieut. General Beckwith, Commander of the 5 Battalions Franc -

Major General Prey tag, Commander of the Hanoverian Hunters -

Henry Hulton and David Cuth- 1

bert, Commissioners of En- - For supporting the Monthly Expences of their Office quiry -

Lieut. General Luck net -

7

{For the Moiety of an Account of vacant Rations and Portions said to be resting and remaining due to the Corps under his Command - -

CommMrty of SuH For Payments for the Foreign Train of Artillery - -

t,. . jy-v ,j nr 1 For Wages and other Charges in supporting the English

Richard Oswald, Esquire -j miHeflial Waggon Trains under his Care* - -

Total of Arrears between 24th December 1762I n , and 24th December 1763 - - - -J

575

£ s. d. 3*188 10 — ‘

88,468 10 io

3irt----

600-----

2,333 6 8

16,227 10 5 13,600----

16,000----

3*488 4 9 2,620 13 3*

10,170 3 6 2,916 13 4

450 -

446 12 7

2,157 17 11 2,051 14 3

5,900-----

6,88217 3-r\nr 732 11 1t\V

4,126 8 9AV

2,441 17 a-ySsV

5,296 17 8-A

283,540 18 4i

tot. 39.

Between

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report an Public Account*.

2° Juki.

A 1783.

Between 25th December 1763 and 24th December 1764:

Fot the Contingencies of the bid Garriibn - -

James Johnston, Esquire, Lieu-1

tenant Governor of the Town} For the Contingencies of the said Garrison -and Garriibn of Minorca -J Sir Samuel Fludyer, Baronet, f On Account, for supplying the Forces with Provisions

Adam Drummond, and Moses', at Quebec, Montreal, and other Parts of North Ame-Franks, Esquires, Contractors ( rica ——

Chauncey Townshend, Esquire, f For viSualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia

Contractor - -[ and Newfoundland -

Sir George Amyand, Baronet, and/ For Provisions sent by them for the Supply of the

Nicholas Linwood- - -[Garriibn of Minorca -

„ , . j, -nr T o f For the Hire of Nurses, and fumishing sundry Ne-

Robert Adair, Esquire Inspector \ cefancs for the Use of the Hospital £ Carilbrook of the Regimental Infirmaries £aft]e.

„ , „ r, -nr I For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by

C amp tell Dalrymple, Esquire, Go- |jjm for the pUbhc contingent Charges of the said Govern-

vcrnor of Guadaloupe - "I ment _ _ _ _

Joseph Partridge, Commanding! For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by

r °n1 ie- 1 c§,ment 0 him to purchase Provisions for the said Regiment -root in Dominica - "I

Robert Farmar, Esquire, Major'

of the 34th Regiment of Foot,

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by and Commander of the Troops ), ., TTr ' c f, r j t 0 *

delimit] .0 take Possessio, 'ol «hc Use and Serv.ce of the bid Troop:

Mobille, &c.

George Rooke, Esquire, Commandant of the Island of Dominica -Joseph Higginson, Esquire, Lieut. Col. of the 621! Regiment of Foot, and Lieutenant Governor of the Bland of St. Vincent -Fredk lilomberg. Captain of the 6ad Regiment of Foot, and Commandant of the Bland of Dominica - -

Robert Paul, Captain of the 4th Regiment of Foot, and Commandant of the Island of St. Vincent - -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for the public contingent Charges of Government -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for a Supply of Provisions for the Use of the Garrison of St. Vincent, for Three Months -

For the Value of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for the public contingent Charges of Government -

For the Value of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him, being the Amount of sundry Articles paid by him, for the Service of Government -

Richard Legge, Esquire, Com-J maud ant of Tobago - -j

Rich* Bulkeley, Esquire -

For the Value of Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for the public contingent Charges of Government -

f For the Payment of some Accounts incurred for the I. Military Services of the Province of Nova Scotia -Col. Mm Bradstreet, Deputy/ . For ®"Udi"? of Boa'3' Tranljwtation of Stores, Car-

Quartennafter General - -1 Se of Pr0vlfl0nB- and otl, cr Lx]>cl,c" ,ncurred m h,s

I Department -

On Account of Monies disbursed by him for the Clothing of Two Canadian Companies of Volunteers, /raised in the Government of Montreal, and the Bounty 1 Money to the fame; for Pay to the said Two Companies; and on Account of Disbursements in his Department -

James Goldfrap, Esquire, Deputy !

Comm ilia rydG eneral of Stores On Account of his Department -and Provisions at Quebec -J Col. Frcdk llaldimaml, Governor

Lieutenant Col. Gabriel Christie, Deputy Quartermaster^General

of Trois Rivieres, and Lieut. Conrad Gugy, his Secretary -

Lieutenant Col.

Irving, Deputy Quartermaster General -

On Account of the Works carried on at the Forges at St. Maurice -

King’s

For Subsistence, Clothing, Money, &c. for the Quebec Provincials; for the Contingencies of the Garrison of Quebec, and other Expences in his Department -

For purchasing Provisions for the Use of His Ma-Robert Leake, Esquire, Commis- jesty's Troops; to pay the Deputy Commissaries, fary of Stores and Provisions^ Coopers, Labourers, c. and other extra Expences in-

in North America

curred in his Department in the Expeditions against the Indians ——

£. s. d.

1,002 13 9

2,071 2 6

25,000 — — 18,643 9 9 3,000-----1

500-----

853 *7 3

1,232 — —

2,055 5 ~

1,050 19 11 5/0 — —

700 — —

386 3 9

1,098 15 3

4,241 13 3i

19,110 15 — .

16,171 8 5!

200-----

479 17 6

6,430 1 8i

7,333 8 4

Gabriel

23 GEd. III.

2® Julii.

Gabriel Maiuriti, Esquire, Se-f On Account of Expences incurred in the Secretary’s

cretary to Major General Gage -^Office -

John Thomlinsoti, Arnolds On Account of Subsistence of several Regiments, to

Nesbitt, Sir Geo. Cokbrooke, and be paid over by them to the Deputy Paymaster at New Osgood Hanbur'y, Merchants -[York ——

f Towards discharging the Demands of her late Huf-- band, for Services performed by hiin during the late War [in Germany -

Total of Arrears between 25th December 17631 _

and 24th December 1764 - - -/ *'

Ann Dorothea Faber

S77

£. >. i.

300 -

53,622 16 4

3,000----

169,054 7. 91

John Sued land

For sundry Contingencies of the said Garrison -

Between 24th December 1764 and 24th June 1765.

[For the Contingencies of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - £. 498 12 1

More for the like, by Two Bills of

Exchange drawn by Lieut. General Edw. Cormcallis, Governor of Gibraltar - A 3,676 17 5J

JFilHantSpry, Esquire, Secretary to Than ms Tuxrush end. Com-

inander in Chief of the Iflund of Minorca

Chauncey Townshend, Contractor For victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, &c.

Sir Samuel Fludycr, Adani\

Drummond, and Moses Franks, [ For victualling the Forces in North America -Esquires, Contractors - -J

Arthur St. George, Esquire - For Two Bills of Exchange drawn by him Robert Far mar, Major of the]

34th Regiment of Foot, and Commander of the Forces def-tined to take Possession of Mobille.

George Rooke, Esquire

Fred* Blomberg, Captain of the 62d Regiment of Foot, and Commandant of the llland of Dominica -

Richard Legge, Esquire, Commandant at Tobago -

George Johnstone, Esquire, Governor of the Colony of West Florida -

Joseph Higgenson, Esquire,

Lieut. Colonel of the 62d Regiment of Foot -

William Cavendish, Major of the 62d Regiment of Foot -Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspec-' for General of the Regimental Infirmaries - -

‘For sundry Bills of Exchange drawn by him -For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him For sundry Bills of Exchange drawn by him

For Two Bills of Exchange drawn by him -For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him

’For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him -

For the Pay of Surgeons and Mates in the ceded Islands, &c. and to defray other incidental Charges -

Sir George Amyand, Baronet, f For Provisions sent by them for the Supply of the Gar-

and Nicholas Umvood, Esquire -jrifon of Minorca - -

Lieut. Gabriel Maturin, Se-j

cretary to Major General Gage, vOn Account of Expences in his Department Governor of Montreal - -I

John rhomlinson, George Cole-( For remitting Money to North America, on Account brooke, Arnold Nesbitt, and Osgood) of Subsistence of several Regiments serving in North Ilanbury, Contractors - -[America ——

Total of Arrears between 24th of December 17641 *

and 24th of June 1765 - - - -J

£. s. d.

4,175 9 6

931 9 2

6,902 5 6 12,000 — —

456 16 —

4,478 5 4

193-----

577 7 —

424 i2 9

285 14 —

119 16 — 193 18 —

500 — —

4,500 — — 100 — — -

15,650 12 6

51,489 5 9

VOL. 39.

7 H

Between "

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

A. 1785.

Between 25th June 1757 arid 24th December 1758 Between 24th December 1758 and 24th December 1759 Between 25th December 1759 and 24th December 1760 Between 24th December 1760 and 24th December 1761 Between 25th December 1761 and 24th December 1762 ' Between 24th December 1762 and 24th December 1763 Between 25th December 1763 and 24th December 1764 Between 24th December 1764 and 24th June 1765

Total of Arrears between 25th June 1757 and"! n 24th June 1765 - - - *"

£ s. d.

1,288,570 7 -i

1,863,631 10 10-r'A

2,694,959 14 rW

3,569.533 17 8-reV

2,326,176 11 2-iVb’

283,540 18 4i

169,054 7 9*

51,489 5 9

12,246,956 12

Auditor's Office, loth January 1781.

John Bray;I D -John Lloyd,] "

Auditors.

Mem4".

The Supers on that Part of the Paymaster General’s Account executed by Paris Taylor, Esquire, his late Deputy in Germany, are not included in the foregoing Total of Arrears, being not settled.

The Paymaster General has surcharged himself with the Value of several Bills of Exchange, to a very great Amount, drawn by the Marquis of Granby and others, on Messrs. Pye and Cruikshank, in Favour of Peter Taylor, Esquire, his Deputy, in Germany; but the said Pye and Cruikshank have not delivered any Account to the Auditors.

The Paymaster General has also surcharged himself with very large Sums of Money received from Messrs. Thomlinson, Colebrooke, Nesbitt, and Hanbury, and their Account is under Examination at Auditor s

Office.

The Commissioners of Public Accounts.

We hereby certify, That we have compared this Lift with the Lift of the Persons at this Time remaining Insuper in the final Account of Henry Lord Holland; and find them to agree, and that none of the Insupers therein mentioned have been cleared by the Auditor. A Sum of 4,000l. set Insuper on Horatio Gates in the Year 1760, we presume will be cleared. The Paymaster General having charged himself with receiving, of Brigadier General MonckUm, a Sum issued to Major Horatio Gates, of 4,000l.; which Article, being without Time when received of Brigadier General Monckton, or by what Authority it w as paid to Horatio Gates, is included in Observations transmitted from this Office to the Accountant.

Auditor’s Office, Lord Sondes,} Jos. Hughes, 1 n y A Jit

14th February 1783. / / DeP And, tors‘

Commissioners of ^Public Accounts.

N* 20.

A LIST of PAYMENTS made to the following Persons, in the Books of Account of the Right honourable Charles Tawnshend, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 24th June 1765 and

24th June 1766; which do not appear to have been accounted for, and which are delivered into the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

f Lieut General Cornwallis, Governor -

Contingencies at Gibraltar.

Major General John Irwin, Governor -

Fol. £. s. d.

16 f For Half a Year to the

(,24th December 1765 501 6 10$

50 f For Half a Year to the |.24th June 1766 - - - 498 12 1 I

73 - For a Bill of Exchange drawn by him in Favour of John Sweetland, dated

the 30th June 1765 - - 564 16 — „

For a Bill drawn by him

79 in Favour of Henry Drummond, dated the 1 lth February 1766 - - - - 500 f

- - For Two Bilb drawn in Favour of John Sweetland, respectively dated the 31st

.December 1765 - - - 1,582 7 2 J

£. s. d.

1,564 14 nf

2,082 7 2

Contingencies

3 Geo. III.

Contingencies at Minorca -

J

Fol.

Colonel Tho> TotvnA

in > 18

shend, Commander \ Chief -j

I James Johnstone, Esq.l

Victualling the ] Garrison there -Victualling the ' Forces in the Isle of Man

Victualling the Forces iu N* America

Lieut. Governor - f

51

Sir Geo. AmyandS Baronet, and Nicholas >56 Luiuood, Esquire -J

Anthony Bacon, Esquire 58

%* Julii.

| For Half a Year to 24th j December 1765 -

J For Half a Year to the . 24th June 1766 -

In the Year 1765 -to the 6th of April 1766

Messrs. Fludyer, -Drummond, and

Victualling Forces in Nova Scotia, &c.

Ghauncey Townshend

56

57 &

58

59

V

Between the 7th August

1764 and 19th December

1765 - -

Between the 14th De-

58

59

60

- cember 1765 and nth June 1766 -

Between the 21st January 1765 and the 24th of November following -At Newfoundland, between the 24th December 1765 and 23d March 17 66-At Nova Scotia, between 25th November 1765 and »qth January 1706 At D*, between 20th of

January 1766 and 16th b March following -

Id Book of Account 1765 In Book of Account 1766

In Book of Account 1765 In Book of Account 1766

80

{79

l8o

Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor of!

Grenada, for sundry Bills of Exchange^ drawn by him -

Major Robert Far mar. Commander of the Forces deftiucd to take Pofliflion of Mobille, &c. for sundry Bills drawn by him - -

lajor General Gage, Commander in f In Book of Account 1765 d»nby for/Und? In Book of Account .766

George Johnstone, Esquire, Governor off In Book of Account 1765 72

b'V,tn!'1-rlJ"'-IOr ‘'""‘’'i' _ Bills I„ Book of Account 1766 {*>

James Murray, Esquire, Governor off In Book of Account 1765 72 Quebec for sundry BilU dra.p by' of Acc()Unt , 7y6

Majoi IF" Walters, Deputy Governor at Louifbourg, fora Bill drawn 1 by him in Favour of Gregory Toumhend - - - - -[72

In Book of Account 1765 J MelTrs. Thomlinson, Coltbrooke, and Nesbitt, Contractors for remitting! < Money to North America - - In Book of Account 1765 |

John Reed, Commander of the Forces in the Expedition to the 1 Illinois, for a LIII drawn by him in Favour of Mr. Gilbert r79 Maxent ----- In Hook of Account 1766 J

Genas Remington, Esquire, Lieut. Colonel of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for several Hills drawn by him for the Service of the said Forces ---- In Book of Account 1766

John Coningham, Lieut. Colonel of the 29th Regiment of Foot in

Nova Scotia, for a Bill drawn by him payable to Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, lor Account of Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, Surveyor and Paymaster of the Works there - - la Book of Account 1766

Othu Hamilton, Major of the 40th Regiment of Foot, for Two Bills drawn by him for the Hire and fitting out the Transport Sloop Sybi/a, and for fitting out the Schooner Nancy, and other Contingencies - ----- In Book of Account 1766

Alex’ Johnstone,. Esquire, Lieut. Colonel of the 70th Regiment of Foot, for Two Bills drawn by him on Account of Victualling the said Regiment - - - - In Book of Account 1766

Hans Alusgrave, Esquire, Lieut. Colonel of the 66th Regiment, for a

Bill drawn by him for the public Service

Id Book of Account 1766

80

81

81

81

Vo L. $9.

Auditors Office, 19th October, 1780.

«£. 4. d.

53,950 5 5

17,267 1 1 .

6,063 11 6

941 11 6

645 16 3

513 9 5 J

3.600 -

600-----

i,9°o-----

600 — —

1.600 -

8,695 6 2 697 6 7

21,882 2 —

33,28o 17 6 6,338 10 9 2,540 17 10 448 13 — 1,735 — i° 4,826 19 8

175-----

3,534 2 5

200----1

3,361 14 — J

John Bray, John Lloyd,

1 Depr / Auditors.

579

P s. d» Tenth Report on Public

1,002 13 9 Accounts.

997 4 2 6,000 -

1,540 12 11

71,217 6 6

8,164 8 8

8,300----

9,392 12 9

61,501 10 3 4,724 11 8

8,536 2 1

534 2 3 3,663 12 11 327 5 "

3,56i 14 — 3,822 11 8

210 7 6

1,712 8 2

3,242 13 6 202,098 19 ioi

N* 23.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

580

a° julii.

A. 1783.

N* 23.

A LIST of PAYMENTS made to the following Persons, in the Books of Account of the Right honourable Lord North and George Cooke, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 25th of June 1766 and the 24th of December 1767; which do not appear to be accounted for, and which are delivered into the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

Lieut. General - walks, Governor

Fol.

48

Contingencies at Gibraltar

Major General Irwin, Governor

50

50

73

91

Contingencies f Lieut. Governor at Minorca -\Jart its Johnstone

92

50

5*

Victualling Sc-"| c f.

iif ";mihia ^Samuel South, Esqu.re I „5

tiegambia

Victualling the ! Forces in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland

Channel/ T

i?

t>3

' 67

r

the

Victualling Forces in North A me rica -

Mefirs. Fludy, .

Drummond, and Franks)

69

& ‘

70

Mefirs. Nesbitt, J69

Drummond, and )

the'

m-

the] Sir George Amy unit, r of I Baronet, and (jg

-J wood, Esquire -

\Anthony Bacon, Esquire

61

75

Victualling Garrison Minorca Victualling Forces in the I lie of Man, and for cidental Charges

For Prclcnts to I Char

Indians, &c. Jvcrnor of Senegambia Philip Burlton, Esquire, Inspector Gc-% S7

neral of the Regimental Infirmaries, and Chief Director of the Hospitals for the Use of the Land Forces in Germany, to be by him paid over to several Persons for their Pay as Officers of the Hospitals attending the Forces in Germany -Mollis. Drummond and Coe, to be by them paid over to Four Surgeons Mates, ftiitioned in the Island of Jamaica -

For Half a Year to the 24th December 1766 For Half a Year to the 24th December 1767 -

For Half a Year to the 24th June 1767 -

For a Bill of Exchange drawn in Favour of John,

dated 30th June 1766 For Two Bills drawn in Favour of John Sweetland, respectively dated the 31st December 1766 -

For a Bill drawn in Favour of Robert Watson, dated the 22d December 1766 -For a Bill drawn in Favour of John Sweetland, dated the 30th June 1767 For Half a Year to the 24th December 1766 For a Year to the 24th December 1767 -

In Book of Account 1767

Between the 17th March 1766 ] and the 21st of December following- -Between the 2 2d of December

1766 and the 25th of October

1767 -

Between the 25th of October

1765 and the 24th of November 1766 -

Between 25th April 1766 and the 12th of January

1767....

Between the 12 th of January J 1767, and the 25th August > following - - -J

In the Year 1766

To the 29th June 1766 -Between the 29th September 1765, and the 2d of October 1767 -

Between the lftof January and the 31st of July 1767 From the 25th of December!

1762 to the 24th of June?

1763 -J

To the 24th of December! 1763 -J

87

From the 24th of February"] 1766 to the 23d of February 1767 -

3

«£ s. d.

501 6 10f

501 6 i°i.

00 12 1'

99.6 18 8

1,863 4 7 >

1,365 — —

752 17 v

1,002 13 91

L999 17 m nl

5,698 % 5 3

5,623 6 1

16,060 15 10 1

9,424 11 J

367 6 —

2,43i 3 4

£. s. d. 1,002 13 9

5,476 12 8

3,002 i 1 8

1,500----

11,321 li 4

25,485 7 6

13,920 17 4 6,800----

2,798 9 4 3,476 19 2

6,259 13 4

246 9 6 Captain

.a 3 Guq. III.

» Julii.

Fol.

Captain Paul, to reimburse him lb' much, being paid to several Surgeons Mates for their Pay, and ad-

ditional Pay for tfjeir Attendance on / 70 In Book of Account 1766 the 4th Regiment of Foot during the Time of its being Rationed in the "West Indies -Charles O'Hara, Esquire, Governor ofj

Senegambia, for sundry Bills of Ex-1

change drawn by him for Repairs \ 87 In Book of Account 1767 of the Forts and Barracks, and sundry j other Services - - - -J

William Taylor, Esquire, acting Brigadier General at Pensacola, for several . Bills drawn by him for the public Services -

In Book of Account 1766

In Book of Account 1767

d.

300----

581

/, S.d. Tenth.

Report on Public Accounts.

299 7 —

3,25716 1

— > *>677 3 9

r In Book of Account 1766 -Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor ofj Grenada and the Grenadines, son ' sundry Bills drawn by him

I In Book of Account 1767 -

_ > 12,497 15 1

In Book of Account 1766 -

Major General Gage, Commander in Chief in North America, for sundry^ Bills drawn by him

_ In Book of Account 1767 -

fin Book of Account 1766

In Book of Account 1767

I — 1,972 9 —

89

Quebec," for sundry Bills drawn by him -

by him

the 34th Regiment, at the Illinois, for sundry Bills drawn by him Captain Frcdk Bridges Shaw, Commander of the 66th Regiment of Foot, for sundry Bills drawn by him -

Gercas Remington, Esquire, Lieut. Colonel of the 66th Regiment of Foot, for sundry Bills drawn by him ‘

Vol. 39.

( '7i 2,521 17 1 'v

i 73 1,997 15 5

In Book of Account >766 - < 73 - 400 —

! 74 200 —

1 I — 120 7 11

In Book of Account 1767 - 88 100 J

72 . 146 13 4*1

In Book of Account 1766 - < 476 6 4

j - \ . .74 945 1 4

"88 225 13 9 )

In Book of Account 1767 - 1 89 62 200 15 -

1 ' .90 304 8 2 „

In Book of Account 1767 - j f»9 I90 39 197 15 12 Cl 00

In Book of Account 1766 - -j [72 1,637 500 9

> In Book of Account 1766 ‘ 72 *

11

13 10

69,619 14 1

5A44 11 2

4,440 5 —

7 I

2,360 17 11

237 7 10 2,137 9 11

2,602 10 1 Roger

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

582

2° Julii.

Book of Account 1766 - 73

91

Roger Hope EQitson, Esqtiire, Lieut.'j

Governor of Jamaica, for Two Dills I drawn by him for sundry Disburle- >, r.

ments for the Service of the Mulquito n 00 0 ccouu Shore

Lieut. Colonel Eyre Massey, of the Inniikilling Regiment, commanding at Mobille, for sundry Bills drawn by him -

Lieut. Colonel Pringle, of the 59th Regiment of Foot, commanding in the Blands of Cape Breton and St.

John’s, for a Bill drawn by him John Campbell, Cashier of the Bank ot Scotland, for Two Bills drawn by him for 2 f Years Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops serving in Scotland, and for the Difference of F.xchange, from Midsummer 1764 to Christmas 1766 - - -j

In Book of Account 1766

In Book of Account 1766

Fol.

0

73

In Book of Account 1767 - 92

674 15 9l

432 18 1 J

500 — 500 —

A. 1783.

£ d.

1,107 *3 »o

1,000-----

1,062 19 5

997 »5 2

L

189,734 7 6

Auditor’s Office,

23d October 1780.

The Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 24.

A LIST of PAYMENTS made to the following Persons, in the Book of Account of George Cooke, Esquire, and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between 25th December 1767 and 24th June 1768; which do not appear to be accounted for, and which is delivered into the Office of William Aislabie, Esquire, one of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

Contingencies Gibraltar -

Contingencies Minorca Victualling the

at

Fol.

f 46

Lieut. General I Cornwallis, Gover- 76 nor

V

atf Col. James 48

- (_ Lieut. Governor -1

f Nicholas L57

Garrison there (_ Esquire

VForac«f„ Nov.} Chsry Taumhad, Scotia, Ucc. - -J E"iu're ' '

6l

By way of Ad-' vance, for keeping up in Store Provisions for Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia - -

Victualling the Forces at New York, - -Superintendant of tiieAffairs of the Musquito Shore, for the Service of the said Shorej

Rick1 Vernon 61

Esquire -

For Half a Year, to 24th June 1768 -For a Bill drawn in Favour of John Sweetland, dated 31st December -For Half a Year, to 24th June 1768 -In the Half Year to 24th June 1768 -In Newfoundland, from 29th September 1766 to 28th December 1767 -In Nova Scotia, between 26th October and 20th December 1767 -

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

\ Messrs. Nesbitt, Drum-’1 mond, and Franks

[Between 25th June 1767 and 24th January 1768

f Captain Rob1 Hodgson

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

I- s. d. 501 6 io*

5i5 7 1 J

2,842 8 — 768 6 1

£. s. d.

1,016 13 n|

1,002 13 9 6,800 - —

3,610 14 1

1,300----

12,003 3 7

250 — —

William

2° Julii

33 Geo. III.

Fol.

to 24th

by bitn in Favour of Jacob Blacl>uell)

Robert Melville, Flquire, Governor off 75 Grenada, &c. for Two Bills drawn;

by him

Robert Farmar, Esquire, Commander

of the Forces at Mobille, Sec. for. Two Bills drawn by him

Major General Gage, Commander in Chief in North America, for 3 Bills drawu by hitn -

For Provisions and')

-[76 In D

June 1768

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

L76 D‘....

75 Iu Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

I'D*

76

|D# -

Forage delivered to the Troops in the lile of Mau, and for incidental Charges - -,

John Campbell, Esquire, Cashier of the* Bank of Scotland, for his Bill of the 22d Jan. 1768 to William Dodd, for Lois by Exchange on 3,095/. 12 3d. being the Amount of Bills drawn in Favour of the Receiver General, and the Allowance of too/, per Ann. to the said Bank for a Year, to 25th December 1767 - -

William Rice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, to be paid over to several Artificers for Repairs at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard,&c.

James Meyrick, Esquire, to be paid over to Surgeons Mates doing Duty at Jamaica, for 183 Days, to 24th December 1767 -

Auditors Office, 27th October 1780.

A t» f 70 To the 22d January 1768

aC°n> Between 23d January and 7th

Esqure - Apri, , J7(j8 . ’ .

71

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

7i

In Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

583

s. d.

3.000 — — j

500 ----- J

75 10 4 \

8 14-J

50---- Y

1.000 ---- v

50---- J

660 14 5 199 8 8

73 Io Book of Account to 24th June 1768 -

£. S. d. Tenth Report on Public 105 13 1 Accounts*

3,500----

84 4 4

1,100-----

860 3 1

525 11 8

2,148 9 1

242 13 10

34,750 — 5i

The Commissioners of Public Accounts.

John Bray, DepT Auditor.

N* 25.

A LIST of PAYMENTS made to the following Persons, in the Books of Account of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 24th of June 1768 and the 24th Of December 1769; which do not appear to have been accounted for, and which are delivered into the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

Contingencies

Gibraltar

Lieut General Cornwallis, Governor

Fol.

' 20 For Half a Year, to 24th December 1768 26 A Year, to the 24th December 1769 - . - -

74 For a Bill drawn in Favour of John Sweetland, Esquire, dated 30th June 1768

102 For a Bill in Favour of the same Person, dated die 31st December 1768 For a Bill in Favour of the same Person, dated the 1 oth „ of June 1769-

Vol. 39.

£. *

d.

s. d.

501 6 10f 999 18 11 \

941 16 9 I

3,706 15 2

700 13 10

62 18 9 J

Contingencies

TYnth Report on Public Accounts*

584

2° Ju

Contingencies at Minorca - -

Victualling the Garriibn there

Colonel Johnstone -

Lieut. General Mos-tyn -

Nich’ Linwood

Fol.

21

28

55 192 55

Vi6tuallingSene-1 c , gauibid - Sm,k

73

(6 o

Chauncy Tcnvnshend (

VictuallingNova, Scotia - '

.Rich4 Vernon S

Victualling "I Messrs.

Forces in North > D, and America. - -J Franks -

Victualling f the Representatives Forces in fen-

\Ada Drummond,

land Moses Franks -

filvania

For Negroes eni-l ployed in the| wi -

ceded Islands-J quires - - - - fBetween the 1st July 1768

Anth> Bacon and Lexvis Chauvet, Ef-

For Half a Year, to 24th December 1768 For a Year, to 24th December 1769 -

In the Year 1768 In the Year 1769 Between the 15th October

1767 and the 20th of July

1768 -Between the 8th April 1768

and the 30th June 1769 -Between the 21st December

1767 and the 3d of July

1768 -Between the 3d of July 1768

and 27th of August following -In Newfoundland, to the 28th of December 1768 -Between the 4th of July 1768 and the 14th September following -

Between the 19th September 1768 and the 24th of August 1769 -

Between the 25th December

1767 and the 24th August

1768 -

Between the 24th August 1768 and the 24th September

1769 - -

Between the 30th August and the 15th of December 1764 - -

'66

& fBetween the lft April 1767 67I and 30th June 1768 - -

60

78

'61 & <

62

79

80 &

v8i

66

91

I and 30th of June 1769

For Presents to Indians, &c.

FfnnWf? CtwJrnaX^ Between the lft August and

31st December 1767 -

Fol.

Mr. 1Iesse, to be by him paid over to several Persons for Pay re-

maining due to them, as Officers of the Hospitals Abroad,

In Book of Account 1769 Richard Cumbei'land, Esquire, for sundry Bills of Exchange drawn by Michael Franklin, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia,

In Book of Account 1769 101

74

97

In Book of Account 1768

Robert Melville, Esquire, Governor of Grenada, for several Bills drawn by-

1,n ’ I In Book of Account 1769 101

James Grant, for a Bill drawn by him in Favour of John Gordon

In Book of Account 1769 102 Francis Dounman, for a Bill drawn by him in Favour of Patrick

Morgan - - - In Book of Account 1769 102

Roger Hope Ellitson, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for a Bill drawn by-him in Favour of Captain Rolf Hodgson, for sundry Disbursements for the Service of the Musquito Shore - In Book of Account 1768 74

Sir IViir Trelaxvney, Governor of Jamaica, for a Bill drawn by him

in Favour of the same Person, for the said Service,

In Book of Account 1769 102 Major General Gage, Commander in Chief in North America, for Bills drawn by him - - - In Book of Account 1768 74

Auditor's Office, 25th September 1780.

John Bray, 1 DepT John Lloyd,] And"

The Commissioners of Public Accounts.

£ d.

3,500 11,500 —

3,089 14

4,7i7 10 6j

5,107 4 2'

555 3 1

2,474 8 6>

697 16 31

3,036 18 J

27,498 4 io-

49,640 7 —

5,306 5 ir 6,439 1 4

A. 1783.

£. s. d. 1,002 13 9

L999 17 n

15,000-----

7,807 4 10 8,136 15 9

3,734 15 —

77,138 11 10

V

12,838 3 1° 11,745 7 3

1,522 12 4

8,046 10 6

2,210 12 10

8,500 —

422 18 — 44 15 —

766 4 —

300 -

1,043 11 3

165,967. 9 3

---- -

>t,26.

.33 Geo. III.

.V

%°;Juliu

N# 26. Tenth

Report

LIST of His Majesty’s Warrants paid at the Pay matter General’s Office, between the 25th of December 1769 ^founts and the 31st of October 1780, to sundry Persons, to be by them accounted for.

Date* of Warrants.

1770.

January 22d.

29th.

February 9th. April 18th.

V ‘

27th. June 6th.

13th.

July 4th. 18th.

28th. October 10th.

24th.

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of August and the 24th of October 1769 -

For L)° issued to friendly Indians, between D° Time ToD\ upon Account, for D* Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and the Massachuset’s Pay, and South Carolina, between the 24th of August and the 24th of October

1769 -

To D®, upon Account of D® Service at Fort Chartres and Kaf-

kafkais, in the Illinois Country, between the 19th of May and the r,th of September 1769 -

To D*, upon Account of D° Service in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of September and the 24th of December 1769 -

To D* upon Account, for D® Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of October and the 24th of December 1769 -

For D®, issued to the friendly Indians between the said Time -

To D#, upon Account, for D® Services in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of October and the 24th of December 1769 -

To D\ upon Account, for Provisions decayed and damaged at Quebec and Montreal, from 1764 to 1768 - -

To D®, upon Account, for Six Months Provisions to be laid in Store for 1,200 Men at Quebec, and 500 Men at Montreal, beyond the usual Supply hitherto required by way of Advance -

To P°, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of December 1769 and the 23d of February 1770 -

To D®, for D® Service to the friendly Indians, for the said Time ——

To D®, for D® to the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachusett’s Bay, and South Carolina, between the 25th of December 1769 and the 24th of March

1770 -

To D®, for D® Service in the Province of Penlylvania, between the 25th of December 1769 and the 24th of March 1770 To D®, for Provisions delivered at Montreal for D® Service in the several Forts in the Upper Country, between the 26th of February and the 26th of March 1770 -

For D®, issued to the friendly Indians, between the 25th of , February and the 24th of April 1770 - -

For D* Service within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the said Time - - - .

To D®, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces ot New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of March and the 24th of May 1770 -

To D®, for D® Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 24th of April and the 24th of June 1770 -For D® issued to friendly Indians. -

For D°, the Troops at the Three Rivers and Hamourafkas For D®, stolen out of the Storehouses in the Garrison of Quebec ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of March and the 24th of June 1770 - - - - .

To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kaf-kafkuis, and Canoke, in the Illinois, between the 6th of September 1769 and the lit of June 1770 -

£. s. d.

1,721 17 4 3 17 7

2,249 1 9

1,771 l -

796 6 4

1,717 6 7

1 19 5

1,705 19 9

2,676 12 2

5,100 — ,

1,694 18 2

30 12 9

OO co 6 3

937 — 11

6,531 19 5

4 9 3

1,653 13 11

1,344 4 11

i,737 9 7

4 18 3

2,113 19 1

27 4 9

705 5 —

3,695 11 8

Vol. 39.

7 K

To

Tenth Report on Public

Accounts.

586

Date* of Warrants.'

1 770- November 8th.

30th. December $d.

January 16 th. March 8th.

May 10 th.

October 24th. December 3d.

January 16th.

February 14th. January 29th.

March 21ft. April 27th. June lft. July 4th. August 16th. September 15th. October 24th.

November 30th. December 20th. January 16th.

March 28th.

June id. August 16th. November 30th.

* Julii.

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in New Jersey and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of May 1770 and the 24th of June following To D*, by way of Advance on their ContraS of 14th July

1766 -.....-

To D4, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of June and the 24th of August 1770 -

For Provisions to friendly Indians at Quebec To D°, for D* Service, in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of July and the 24th of September 1770 -To Samuel Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Senegambia, and other Services, on Account To D", For Provisions issued to the Forces at Senegal, between the ill of July and the 15th of September 1769

For 134 Barrels of Flour condemned, being Six Months in Store ——

By an Error in calling the Number of Days victualling the Linguifts, Artificers, &c. to the Prejudice of the Contractor -

To D°, victualling the Forces at Senegal, between the 16th of September and the 31st of December 1769 -

For 52 Barrels of Flour condemned by long keeping For an Agent at Gambia, from the 16th of January to the 31st of December 1769, ut 3 s. per Diem -For Sundries supplied the Sick in the Hospital at Senegal -

To Mr. Browne, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Senegal, and for D4 damaged by long Keeping, and other Services -To Samuel Smith, upon Account, for victualling the Forces at Senegal, between the ift of July and the 3 lftof August 1770 To D", for Sundries supplied the Hospital at Senegal -For 82 Barrels of Flour, condemned as unfit for Use To Chauncey Townshend, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling

Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, betw een the 28th of August and the 24th of September 1769 -

To D4, for D* Service, between the 25th of September and the 19th of November 1769 -

To D4, for D° Service, between the 20th of November and the 17th of December 1769 - -

To D°, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from the 29th of December 1768 to the 28th of December 1769 -

To D°, for D* the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 18th of December 1769 and the 14th of January 1770 To D#, for D4 Service, between the 15th of January and the 11 th of February 1770 -

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 12th of February and the llth of March 1770 -

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 12th of March 1770 and the 8th of April following -

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 9th of April and the 3d of

June 1770 . ....

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 4th of June and the ill of July 1770 -

To D4, for D4 the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from the 29th of December 1769 to the 28th September 1770 -

To D#, for D* Service, between the 2d of July and the 26th of August 1770 ——

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 27th of August and the 23d of September 1770 To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 28th of August and the 19th of November 1779 -

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 20th of November 1769 and the 14th of January 1770 -

To D4, for D* Service, between the 15th of January and the nth of March 1770 -

To D4, for D4 Service, betw'een the 12th of March and the 3d of June 1770 - -

To D4, for D4 Service, between the 4th of June and the 26th of August 1770 -

4-1783.

£. s. d.

1,209 5 6

8,000 — —

1,638 7 6

*9 6 3

1,213 16 3

876 6 1

877 5 5

390 16 8

55 1 5

i,237 4 6

151 13 4

61 5 —

57 11 9

4,609 7 1

799 — 3

43 11 6

191 6 8

490 9 8

974 6 —

501 1 11

2,392 5 5

482 1 6

479 7 5

181 17 10

481 17 10

1,023 11 —

459 5 5

1,795 16 10

943 19 2

309 18 11

903 10 8

605 9 7

652 6 11

9C2 1 8

908 5 7 To

a 5 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants. '770. October 18th.

16 th. 18 th.

'7^9. November 21ft.

1770- February 14th.

May 24th. September 6th. November 8th.

17C9. November 30th.

1770. January 29th.

February 14th.

April 18th. May 10th. June 13th.

29th.

September 6th.

27th. 35th. January 29th. December 3d.

a 3d-

May 2 2d.

December 10th.

April 27th. December 10th.

April 27th. October 9th.

1771. June 20th. VOL 39.

Julii.

To Rob* Jones, Esquire, upon Account, by way of Advance for victualling Nova Scotia and Newfoundland -To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, by way of Advance for victualling the Forces in the ceded Islands - -

To D°, for D* Service -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between the 8th of July and the 30th of September 1769

For incidental Expences incurred by John Younger for said Time -

To D°, for Provisions and Forage delivered to D® between the lft of October and the 31st of December 1769 -

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger for said Time -

To D®, for Provisions and Forage delivered to D® between the ill of January and the 5th of April 1776 -For incidental Charges by John Younger for laid Time To D°, for Provisions and Forage delivered to D# between the 6th of April and the 7th of July 1770 -

For incidental Charges by John Younger for said Time To D°, for Provisions and Forage delivered to D® between the 1 ith of July and the 24th of September 1770 -

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger for said Time -

To Mefirs. Bacon and Chauvett, upon Account, for Negroes employed by them for public Service in the llland of Tobago, between the lft of April and the 30th of June 1769 To D®, for 67 Negroes D® for D® Service in the llland of Grenada, between the lft of July and the 30th of September

i/'>9....

To D°, for Negroes D® for D° Service in the llland of Dominica, between the 30th of June and the 30th of September

17%....

To D®, for 68 D* for D® Service in the llland of Grenada, between the ill of October and the 31st of Decemlier 1769 To D*, for 42 D° for D® Service in the llland of Tobago, between the tft of June and the 31st of December 1769 -To D°, for 44 D® for D° Service in the llland of Domingo, between the 30th of September 1769 and the 31st of March

1770 ....

To D®, for 65 D® for D® Service in the llland of Grenada, between the 31st of December 1769 and the 31st of March 1770 To D®, for 127 D® for D® Service in the llland of St. Vincent, between the 30th of June and the 31st of December 1769 To D®, for 42 D® for D® Service in the llland of Tobago, between the lft of January and the 31st of March 1770 -

For 127 D® for D* Service in the llland of St. Vincent, between the 31st of December 1769 and the 30th June 1770 To D®, for 44 D® for D® Service in the llland of Dominica, between the 31st of March and the 30th of June 1770 To D®, for 65 D® for D* Service in the llland of Grenada, between the ill of April and the 30th of June 1770 -To Nic/v Linwood, Esquire, upon Account, for Provision sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca -To D®, for D* Service -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account of Insurance on Provisions sent by him for victualling the Forces at Senegal and Goree -

To Major Rogers, upon Account, late Commandant of the Fort at Michillimakanac in North America, for sundry Expences in the Year 1766 and 1767, in purchasing Goods for Presents to the different Tribes of Indians -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of 11 Bills drawn by James Grant, Esquire To D®, in Discharge of 4 D®, drawn by D® -To D®, in Discharge of 5 D®, drawn by Rr Melville, Esquire To D®, in Discharge of 1 D®, drawn by F. Downman, Esquire -To D®, in Discharge of 1 D®, drawn by J. Phipps, Esquire To Meifrs. Hibbert, Punier, and Heston, in Discharge of a Bill drawn by Sir Wilb* Trelawney, Baronet, Governor of the llland of Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions shipped from Grenada, for the Use of the Forces in St. Vincent’s Dominique, and Tobago -

587

£- s. d.

3,000

3,000 — ,

1,500 '1 '

151 15 4

37 13 8

198 3 8

40 1 11

210 8 —

41 2 7

187 13 4

43. 16 4

175 5 —

35 5 1

235 14 3

390 3 3

257 16 4

386 18 4

492 4 —

5>o — 7

370 12 2

i,472 3 10

237 17 7

1,456 4 2

255 — 4

374 2 3

4,500 — —

7,000 — —

4,000-----

3,000-----

1,053-----

442 6 —

2,500-----

46 10 — 76 10 —

194 3 —

3,474 10 8 To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth

®" Public Account».

588

Dates of Warrants.

1771. August 16th.

September 24th.

November 26th. 1772. January 26th.

77i. January 29th.

29th.

February 14th. March 28th. May 10th.

29th.

July 8th. August 16th.

December 6th.

September 24th.

October 4th. 1772. February 20th.

1771. September 24U1.

December 16th. *772. February 20th.

2 771 - August 10th.

ac Julii.

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued in the Island of Grenada, between the lft of October 1770 and the 31st of March 1771 -To D°, for D° shipped from D® for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Tobago - -

To D°, for D° issued to D® at St. Vincent’s and Dominique To D°, for D® shipped from Grenada to St. Vincent’s and Tobago - - - ,

Tq Messrs. Fonnereau and Burrell, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 10th of September and the 4th of November 1770 To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Pensylvania, between the 25th of June and the 24th of September 1770 -

To D®, for D® Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of August and the 24th of October 1770 For D® to sundry friendly Indians for laid Time To D®, for D* Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of September and the 24th of December 1770 -

To D®, lor D® Service within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of October and the 24th of December 1770 -

For Provisions to friendly Indians for said Time To D®, for D® Service within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between the 25th of December 1770 and the 24th of March 1771 -

To D®, for D’ Service in North America, between the 25th of September and the 24th of December 1770 -

To D", for D® Service within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of December 1770 and the 23d of February 1771 -

For D® to friendly Indians during the said Time To D°, for D® Service in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of December 1770 and the 24th of March 1771 To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kalkatkais, and Cano, in the Illinois, between the 2d of June

1770 and the 24th of January 1771 -

To D®, for D® delivered at Montreal for the Use of the Forces in the several Forts in the Upper Country, between the 25th of September and the 24th of April 1771, and for Batteau Men employed in Transportation of Provisions, and for extra Service between the 4th of May 1770 and the 4th of April

1771 ....

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec

and Montreal, between the 25th June and the 24th of August 1771 -

For Provisions to friendly Indians for the said Time -To D®, for D® Service, between 24th February and 24th April

1771.....-

To D®, for D® Service, between 25th April and 24th June 1771 -To D®, for D® Service, from 25th August to 24th October 1771 -To D®, for D® Service in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25th March and 24th June 1771 To D®, for D® Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, and South Carolina, between the 25th of March and the 24th of June 1771 -

To D®, for D® Service, to 24th September 1771 -

To D®, upon Account for Provisions delivered to the Commis-lary General of Quebec, for the Use of the Troops at the Three Rivers, and at Hamowralkais -

To D®, upon Account for Provisions delivered at Montreal for the Use of the Troops in the several Forts in the Upper Country, between 25th April and 24th September 1771, and for other Services -

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces at Senegal, between 1st September 1770 and 28th Fe bruary 1771- - - " - -

For D° Service, between 11th May 1770 and 28th April

*77* - - .

For Sundries supplied the Sick at D®, between 31st August l770and 1.5th April 1771 For Four Pipes of Wine condemned, containing 440 Gallons, at 3 s.per Gallon - -

A.: 1783

£. s. d.

1,560 2 n

481 U997 5 7 6 11

4,217 9 4

3,509 2 5

J,387 — 10

1,632 13 9 12 9

2,089 10 11

i,33<5 14 2 — 11 3

1,849 10 3

623 1 8

1,240 3 1 — 1 &

1,084 7 5

2,956 17 6

9,128 5 3

i,233 19 _

7 3 7

1,299 13 10

1,234 13 1

1,232 11 1

1,059 4 11

2,635 -- 2

1,787 2 6

2,298 12 7

1,335 12 6

2,344 4 8|

1,192 7 9r

35 5 9

66 — To

VJ

.23 Geo. Ill*

2° Julii

589

Dates of Warrants.

1771. November 7th.

20th.

January 29th.

May 10th.

June 25th.

September 24th. December 6th. 72. February 20th.

71. April 12 th.

June 12 th.

August 16th. November 16 th.

1771. January 25th.

April 16th.

May 29 th.

June 6th.

July 8th. October 5th.

1772. January 8th.

February 20th.

1771. January 29th.

March 18th. December 19th. February 18th. Vo L. 39.

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces between ift March and 31st May 1771, for damaged Provisions, Hire of Agents, and Insurance for laid Time -To D®, for D° Service at Senegal, between ift of June and 31st August 1771, and for D° at Gambia, from tit May to 28th August 1771 - -

To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued

to the Forces at Nova Scotia, between 27th August and 18th November 1770 -

To D°, for D° Service, between 19th November and 13th January

1771 - -....

To D®, for D® Service, between 14th January and 7th April

1771 ----....

To D®, for D® Service, between 8th April and 30th June 1771 -To D®, for D® Service, to 22d September 1771 To D", for D® Service, to 17th November 1771 To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between 22d September 1770 and 11th January 1771 -

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger for said Time -

To D°, for D® Service, between 12th January and 5U1 April 1771 For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger, between 13th January and 6th April 1771 - -

To D°, for D° Service, between 7th April and 24 June 1771 For incidental Charges by John Younger for said Time To D®, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between 25th June and 28th September 1771, and for incidental Charges incurred by John Younger for said Time - -

To Melirs. Bacon and Chauvet, upon Account, for 42 Negroes employed by them for the public Service in the Island of Tobago, between ift April and 30th June 1770 -

For 44 D® in the Island of St. Domingo, between lit July and 30th September 1770 -

For 64 D* in the Island of Grenada, between 1st July and 30th September 1770 -To D®, for 65 D® in the Island of Dominique, between 1st October and 31st December 1770 - -

For 78 D® in the Island of Grenada, between D* Time, who have been supplied and victualled pursuant to Contract To D®, for 120 D® in the Island of St. Vincent, between 30th June and 30th September 1770 -

To D®, for 42 D® in the Island of Tobago, between ift July and 30th December 1770 -

For 120 D® in the Island of St. Vincent, between ill October and 31st December 1770 -

ToD®, for 84 D® in D®, between 31st December 1770 and 31st March 1771 -

For 132 D®, in the Island of Dominique, between 31st December 1770 and 31st March 1771 - -

To D®, for 78 D® in the Island of Grenada, between ift of January and 31st March 1771 -

To D®, for 77 D" in the Island of Grenada, between lit April and 30th June 1771 -

For 103 D® in the Island of St. Vincent, between D® Time -For 116 D° in the Island of Dominique, between D® Time, who have been supplied and victualled pursuant to Contract 27th August 1767 -

To D°, for 41 D® in the Island of Tobago, between ift January and 30th June 1771, and for 405 D® at Dominique, between 1st July and 30th September 1771 -

To D°, for 74 D® at Grenada, to 30th September 1771, 38 D® at Tobago to D" lime, and 102 D° at St. Vincent's to D'Time -To iV. Limcood, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions sent by

him to supply the Garrison of Minorca....

To I)®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, for providing

7

(£.

2,098 1 8

1,863 14 5

1,059 13 9

55^ 16 7

812 7

1,126 867 8 11

5 7

563 11 4

349 17 8

54 4 7

260 8 10

39 14 8

225 15 —

39 6 1

288 — —

237 12 6

257 16 4

373 14 8

271 6 4

379 15 8

687 19 7

480 9 6

700 8 —

442 11 6

486 6 10

432 12 9

434 17 6

486 9 3

596 5 6

1,018 12 —

1,205 5 4

3,000 3,5oo z.

3,700 — —

Coals

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

﻿Tenth Heport on Public Accounts.

590

2° JuiiL

1783:

Dates of Warrants.

1771. July 5th.

May 30th.

1772. February 4th.

1771. May 30th.

1772. February 4th.

1771. January 29th.

April 23d.

May 15th.

June 12 th.

1772. 29th. October 4th. December 6th. February 20th.

April 6th.

May 12th.

June 4th.

10 th

26th.

July 16th. September 11th. November 7th. December 28th.

177J- January sCth.

>77 2. February 16th. March 23th.

May 13th. June loth.

Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Troops in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, on Account, for so much due to him for victualling the Troops at Senegal and Goree, between the Months of August 1759 and March 1764 -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Part of this Warrant, to discharge 10 Bills drawn by Rob' Melville, Esquire, upon Account -To D°, for D° Service, for 11 Bills -To D°, in Part of this Warrant, for D4 Service, for 1 Bill drawn by James Grant, Esquire, on Account -To D°, in Part of this Warrant, for D4 Service, for 1 Bill drawn by Francis Downman, Esquire, upon Account -To D°, to complete D4, for D° Service, for 1 Bill drawn by JVaker Paterson, Esquire, upon Account -To D°, in Discharge of a Bill drawn by Sir JVm , Baronet, upon Account -

To D4, for D4, by JVm. Young, Esquire, D° -To Bob' Jones, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, between 24th September and 18th November 1770 -

To D#, for D° Service, between 19th November and 16th December 1770 -

To D4, for D4 Service and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland for 181 Days, from 29th September 1770 to 28th March 1771 -To D°, for D° Service, the Forces, between 17 th December 1770 and 13th January 1771 -

To D°, for D° Service, between 14th January and 10th February

1/71 - ....

To D°, for D° Service, between nth February and 7th April 1771

To D°, for D° Service, to 30th June 1771 -

To D4, for D" Service, to 22d September 1771 To D°, for D° Service, to 20th October 1771 -To D4, for D4 Service, to 17th November 1771 -

To D°, for D4 Service, to 28th December 1771 -

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions shipped for the Forces in the Islands of Dominique and Tobago -To D4, for D° from Grenada, for D4 Service in the Islands of Dominique and St. Vincent’s - -

To D°, for D° from D°, for D4 Service in the Islands of Dominique and Tobago -

For D4, condemned in the Bland of Grenada -To D4, for D° issued in D° Bland, between 30th June and 30th September - -

For D4 condemned in D° Bland -To D4, shipped for the Island of St. Vincent’s, and for D4 issued to the Troops in Grenada -

For D°, condemned in D* -

To D4, for D4 illiied and shipped in D4 -To D°, for D° condemned and destroyed by Eire, from and in D4 -To D°, for D* condemned, from and in D4 To 1)°, for D* bought for and issued to the Troops in D* -To D\ for D4 shipped to the ceded Islands -To I)4, upon Account, for an Extra Supply of Provisions for the Regiments now stationed in the Island of St. Vincent, by way of Advance ——

To l)4, for D° bought, and shipped to the ceded Blands To Meins. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Pcnlylvania, between 25th June 1771 and 24th September 1771-To 1)°, for D° Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 23th September and 24th December 1771 To I)4, for D4 Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th October and 241I1 December 1771 -

For Provisions to sundry friendly Indians -To l)4, for D* deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kufknfkais, and Cano, in the Illinois Country, between 2,3th January and 25 th August 1771* - - - - -

£. s. d.

500 -

3,040 — 5

7,100 -

6,300 — —

81 15 —

92 5 —

82 J7 1

280 — - —

1,400 r " ''

923 2 1

468 7 10

1,186 6 1

460 17 6

464 — 4

921 8 8

554 8 11

1,332 10 4

463 3 4

455 8 5

1,802 7 11

968 7 11

1,166 6 2

1,019 7 10

899 »7 10

1,085 10 7

546 15 8

C934 16 11

1,307 17 4

4,104 10 1

4,285 10 8

1,370 19 8

3,543 1 10

974 13 8

5,000 - —

2,116 5 9

1,193 6 2

i, S09 5 0

1,347 — 4

" ' 11 3

2,3 Go ij 2 To

59*

23 Geo. III.

A~

Dates of Warrants.

1772* June loth.

2° julii

26th.

July 8th. August 26th. October 9th.

To Messrs. Nesbitt, T>rumtnottd, and Franks, upon Account, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kalkaikais, and Cano, in the Illinois Country, between 18th August and 20th November 1771 - - .

To D°, for D" Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, Mafi'achufet’s Bay, and South Carolina, between 25th December 1771 and 24th March 1772 -

To D°, for D" Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th December 1771 and 23d February 1772 -For Provisions issued to friendly Indians -To D°, for D° delivered at Montreal for the Forces in the several Posts in the Upper Country, between 25th September 1771 and 26th March 1772, and for Batteau Men employed in the Transportation of D®, and for extraordinary Services in

D* Time....

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Penlylvania, between 23th September 1771 and 24th December following -To D", for D° Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 24th February 1772 and 24th April following -To D°, for D® Service, between 25th April and 24th June

1772

November 23d. December I ft.

3*ft-

February 26th. March 8th.

For D® to friendly Indians -

To D®, for 1)° Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th March and 24th June 1772 ——

To D°, for D° Service in the Province of Penlylvania, between 2.5th December 1771, and 24th March 1772 -To D°, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Kafkaikais and Cano, in the Illinois Country, between lft April 1772 and 9th June following -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th June 1772 and 24th August following ——

For Provisions to sundry friendly Indians -To I)0, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Penlylvania, between 25th March and 24th June 1772 To D°, for D° Service in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th June and 24th September 1772 -

1773. January 21ft. To D®, for D* Service in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal,

between 25th August 1772 and 24th October following -For Provisions to friendly Indians -To D®, for D* Service in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25th June and 24th September 1772 -

To D®, for D° Service in New York, New Jersey, and Massa-chulet’s Bay, between 25th September and 24th December

1/72 - ....

To D°, for D® Service at the several Posts in the Upper Country, between 20th March 1772 and 10th November following, and for Batteau Men employed in the Transportation of D®, and for extraordinary Services between D® Times -

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Senegal, between lft September and 31st December 1771 -

For D® at James Fort, Gambia, between 29th August and 4th November 1771 -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Gambia, between 5th November 1771 and 4th February 1772

For D® at Senegal, between lft January and 30th April

»772 ....

For condemned Flour ---- For Hire of an Agent, between 3d May 1771 and 30th April 1772 ——

For Insurance, from lft May 1771 to 30th April 1772 To I)®, for 1)" Service in the Province of Gambia, between 5th February 1772 and 4th May following - -

For D® at Senegal, between lit May and 18th July 1772 For sundry Supplies to the Hospital and Sick at D®, between 13th April 1771 and 30th June 1772 -For condemned Provisions -

*772-

May 13 th.

July 8th.

November lGth.

£. s. d.

Vo L

39

5,155 7 1

i,547 — 2

1,281 12 6|

— 13 H

5,529 11 2

1,377 1 6

1,521 6 3

1,464 13 9

3 5 7

3,325 14 7

1,587 16 1

1,028 3 7

2,704 14 4

4 3 3

815 14 3

1,404 13 1

1,212 8 6i

4 18 n

752 4 4

1,166 2 6

396 3 7

1,660 6 2

245 2 1

353 7 u

1,809 17 10*

183 15 —

63 14 —

207 12 8

327 11 5®

1,>J0 15 5r

3S 18 9

104 13 9 To

Tehtfi Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth lUport on Public Accounts.

591

Dates of Warrants.'

a* Julii.

A. 1783.

1772. June 4th.

November 19th.

December 31st-

May 13th.

June 24th.

September 29th. November 16th.

1773. January 22d.

February 25th.

1772. March 25th.

April 6th.

June 24th. July 24th.

September 30th.

October 19th. November 30th. December 31st.

1773. February 26th. 1772. March 25th.

May 13th.

October 9th. 1773. January 28th.

1772. April 6th.

June 26th.

To Edo/ Codring ton, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces in West Florida, between 25th August 1771 and 24th December following -

For D°, to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between 25th August 1770 and 24th June 1771 -

For condemned Provisions -

To D°, for D° Service in D°, between 25th December 1771 and 24th April 1772 -

For D°, to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between 24th June

1771 and 25th March 1772....

For D° condemned -

To D°, for D° Service, between 25th April 1772 and 24th of June following; and also for D° supplied to the Surgeon of the Hospital, between 25th February 1770 and 24th December

1771 -.....- -

To R. V. Sctdlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions ifl’ued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 18th November 1771 and 12th January 1772 -

To D°, for D# Service, between 13th January and 8th March

1772 - ....

To D°, for D° Service, between 9th March and 28th June 1772 -To D°, for D® Service, at Halifax in D®, between 29th June and

23d August 1772 -.....-

To D°, for D® Service, between 24th August and 18th October ' 1772 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 19th October and 13th December 1772 -

To RoiVJones, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling Part of the

Forces in Nova Scotia, between 18th November and 15 th December 1771 -.....-

To D®, for D® Service, between 16th December 1771 and 12th January 1772 -

To D°, for D® Service, between 13th January and 8th March 1772 To D®, for D® Service, and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from 29th December 1771 to 28th June 1772 -

ToD®, for D®, the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 9th March 1772 and 31st May following -

To D®, for D® Service, between lft and 28th June 1772 To D®, for D® Service, between 29th June and 23d August 1772 -To D®, for D®, the Forces and Train of Artillery In Newfoundland, between 29th June and 20th September 1772 -

To D®, for D®, the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 21st September 1772 and 18th October following -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between 29th September and 24th December 1771, and for incidental Charges incurred between 29th September 1771 and 4th January 1772 ——

To D®, for D* Service, between 26th December 1771 and 7th April 1772 ——

For incidental Charges incurred by John between

5th January and 4th April 1772 -To D®, for D® Serxice, between 31st March and 22d June 1772 -

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger, between 5th April and 28th June 1772 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 23d June and 30th September

1772 - ....

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger, between 29th June and 30th September 1772 - -

To Meflirs. Bacon and Chauvet, upon Account, for 103 Negroes employed by them in the Island of Dominique, between 1st October and 31st December 1771; and for 71 D® in the Bland of Grenada, for D® Time, who have been supplied and victualled by them -

To D®, for 95 D®, in the Bland of St. Vincent, from 30th September 1771 to 31st December following - -

For 37 D°, in the Bland of Tobago, from lft October 1771 to 31st December following - -

For 71 D°, in the Bland of Grenada, from lft January to 31st March 1772 -

For 99 D®, in the Island of Dominique, for D* Time -

£ d.

1,432 3 1;

180 18 2;

404 15 10

1,331 2 0

160 17 0

447 2 3:

728 17 6

556 12 11

5.54 11 2

1,615 2 10

563 4 5

544 4 —

740 — —

454 18 10

456 15 6

91° 4 1

1,199 8 3

1,026 — 6

453 13 2

994 11 2

805 18 2

CO H 12 3

282 4 8

268 13

46 13 4

198 2 S

44 6 9

214 17 8

47 11 6

995 17 '

547 9 8

216 16 —

396 5 7

563 6 9

To

ij Geo. III.

a® jm.

593

Dates of Warrants.

J77».

July 8th.

October 16th.

1773- January 21ft.

March 8 th.

1772. December 19th.

1773. March 8th. 1772. November 20th.

1773- February 3d.

1/72. November 20th.

773- February 3d.

May 24th.

July ill. 30th. October 14th.

April 21ft. May 20th.

June 22<ji.

' July 16th. October 14th.

July 30th.

Vol. 39.

To Messrs. Bacon and Chatted, upon Account, for 95 Negroes

employed by them in the liland of St. Vincent, from 31st December 1771 to 31st March following -To D®, for 37 D®, in the I (land of Tobago, from lft January 1772 to March following -

To D®, for 81 D*, in the liland of Grenada, between ill April

1772 and 30th June following -

For 98 D® in the liland of St Vincent, from 30th March

to 30th June following -

For 97 D® in the liland of Dominique, between lft April 1772 and 30th June following -To D#, for D* Service, for 90 D® in Df, between lft July 1772 and 30th September following - -

For 3 D* in the liland of Grenada, from 13th April 1770 to 16th May 1772 -To D®, for D* Service, for 85 D* in D®, between ill July 1772 and ill October following - -

To D®, in Consideration of the Interruption of the regular Conveyance of their Vouchers from the present Troubles in the liland of St. Vincent, by way of Advance -To N. Lirrwood, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions sent by

him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca -To D°, for D° Service -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to discharge Three Bills drawn by Sir fVm upon Account -

To D®, for D® Service, for 9 Bills, drawn by fV. A. Leybourne, Esquire, upon Account -

To I)*, for D® Service, for 5 D®, drawn by W. L. Leybourne, Esquire, upon Account - - <

To D®, for D® Service, for 2 IP, drawn by Sir IV. upon Account

To D", for D® Service, for 4 D®, drawn by D* - -

To John Durand, Esquire, upon for ther Account, for Provisions shipped for the Use of the Forces in the ceded Islands, and for D® issued to D® in Grenada, between ill October 1772 and 31st December following -

To D®, for D® Service, for die liland of St; Vincent, and for D* shipped and issued to the other ceded islands -To D", for D® Service, for St. Vincent s 1 -

To D®, for D® Service, for Dominique and St Vincent’s -

To D®, for D* Service, for1 Tobago and St Vincent’s To D®, for D® Service, and issued in St. Vincent’s and Grenada, and for D® condemned in Grenada -

To D®, for Provisions shipped and issued to the Forces in the ceded Islands, between lit July and 30th September 1773 To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 25th October 1772 and 24th December following, and for Provisions issued to sundry friendly Indians -

To D*,; for D® Service, between 25th December 1772 and 23d >' February 1773 -

To D®, for D* Service, in the Provinces of New York and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th December 1772 and 24th March 1773 -

To D®, for D®, in the Province of Penfylvarfa, between 25th September 1772 and 24th December following -To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store at Kalkalkais, in the Illinois Country, between 10th June 1772 and 24th February

>773 - . - -

To D*, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th March and 24th June

1773 - - . - -; ....

To D®, for D® Service, in the Gamfons of Quebec and Montreal,

between 25th April and 24th June 1773 -

To D®, for D° Service, in the several Out Pods in the Upper Country of North America, between 11th November 1772 and 13th April 1773 - -

To D®, for D* Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 24th February 1773 and the 24th of April following ——

7 M

£. s. d.

539 2

214 8 10

423 9 6

546 9 3

547 17 4

519 5 6

145 19 6

462 15 6

3,000 —

7,600 — —

1,400 — —

3,576 15 —

4,330 3 9

2,823 5 —

676 13 1,622 14 7 to

3,327 16 1

5,687 8 2,866 17 2,673 8 2,264 10 4 7 . 2 3

3,261 13 8

1,609 19 5

1,634 17 11

i,53i 14 9

1,111 3 3

1,086 19 3

877 5 6

1,110 13 4

1,685 6 2

3,577 14 6

1,744 12 10

To

Tenth Report on Public Account*.

594

a® Julii

A. 1783

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Dates of Warrants.

1773. October 14th. November 30th.

December 8th.

1774. February 15th.

March 22d. 1773. May 6th.

July 16th. December 14th. 1774. April 18th.

1773. March 31st.

July 16 th.

1774. January 14th.

April 21ft.

1773. May 29th.

July 30th.

October 14th.

1774. January 2d.

1

1773. May 29th.

June 22d. July 30th. November 30th.

To Mefirs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Peufylvania, between 25th December

1772 and 24th June 1773 -

To D®, for D® Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th June and 24th August 1773; and for Provisions forwarded to the King’s Store Houses, for the Use of the Troops in the Garrison at The Three Rivers

To D®, for D* Service, in New York, New Jersey, and Mafia-chufet’s Bay, between 25th June and 24th September 1773 To D®, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, for the Use of the Forces in the Upper Country, between 14th April 1773 and 7th October following -To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th August 1773 and 24th October following -

To D®, for D* Service, in Pensylvania, between 25th June 1773 and 24th September following - -

To D®, for D® Service, in# New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th September and 24th December

1773 -..... -

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Gambia, between 5th May 1772 and 4th November following; and for D* Service at Senegal, between 19th July 1772 and 31st December following; and also, for Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at D®, between lft July and 31st December 1772; and for condemned Flour -

To D®, for D® Service, at Senegal, between lft January 1773 and 31st March following- -

To D®, for D® Service, at D® and Gambia, to 31st August

>773 - ....

To D®, for D° Service, in Senegambia, between 1st September 1773 and 25th January 1774, and other Services To Edaf Codrington, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling

the Forces in West Florida, between 25th June and 24th August 1772 -

To D®, for D® Service, at Pensacola, between 25th August 1772 and 24th December following; for Provisions issued to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, from 25th March 1772 to 31st December following; and for condemned Provisions -To D® Service, at D®, between 25th December 1772 and 24th April 1773, and for Provisions supplied the Hospitals to December 1772, Hire of Store Rooms, and for condemned Provisions -

To D®, for Provisions delivered E. and 5 Men be-

longing to his Boat, between 1st June 1771 and ift June 1773, and for D® issued to Persons under the said E. s

Directions, between 1st August 1772 and ill August 1773 To D®, for D® issued to the Forces at Pensacola, between 25th April 1773 and 24th October following, and for D® to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between 31st March and 30th September following - -

To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between 14th December 1772 and 7th March 1773 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 8th March 1773 and 2d May following ——

To D®, for D® Service, between 3d May and 27th June 1773 To D®, for D® Service, between 28th June 1773 and 17th October following -

To Rob> Jones, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, and Train of Artillery there, from 29th September 1772 to 23d February 1773 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 19th October 1772 and 15th November following -

To D®, for D® Service, between 8th March and 2d May

1773 - - - -

To D°, for D® Service, from ift March 1773 to 28th September following -

£. s. d.

1,126 1 3

3.5i6 4 6

2,065 14 1

3,407 5 4

1,665 >8 8 560 16 5

2,472 15 l

2,343 5 9

913 4 3

3,171 6 10

1,580 1 7

656 18 — 1,939 13 9 2,458 3 3 242 19 1

2,707 15 n

914 — 2

610 17 2 1,049 10 1

1,213 6 8

1,087 14 8 869 9 7

413 16 —

1,507 3 9 To

a 3 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1773. November 30th

1774. January 12 th.

1773. April 30th.

May 27th. June 16th.

1774. March 15th.

1773. April 30th.

May 20th.

July 30th.

1774. January 25th.

February 3d.

1773. December 18th.

1774. March 17th.

1773. May 28th.

April 19th. December 14th. May 28th.

August 19th. December 14th.

1774. August 5th.

October 20th.

1775. February 1 ith.

March 3d. 1774. May 5th.

May 2 2d.

Vox.. 39-

a* Julii.

To Rob* Jones, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, and Train of Artillery there, from 28th June 1773 to 19th September following -To D®, for D® Service, from 20th September 1773 to 17th October following -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage to the Troops in foe Isle of Man, between lft October 1772 and 4th January 1773 -

For incidental Charges incurred by John Younger for foe laid Time ——

To D°, for D® Service, between 5th January 1773 and 10th April following, and for incidental Charges by John Younger, between 5th January 1773 and nth April following To D*, for D® Service, between 11th April 1773 and 1st June following, and for incidental Charges incurred by John Younger, to 30th May 1773 To D®, for D° Service, between 27th May 1773 and 28th September following, and for Charges by John Younger, between 31st May and 28th September 1773 -To MelTrs. Bacon and Chauvet, upon Account, for 38 Negroes, fornished by them in foe Island of Tobago, between 31st March and lft July 1772 -

For 33 in D®, between 30th June and lft October 1772 -

For 83 D°, in St. Domingo, from lft October to 31st December 1772 -

To D\ for 33 D®, in foe Island of Tobago, between 30th September 1772 and lft January 1773, and for 106 D®, in St. Vincent’s, between 30th June and 30th September 1772 To D\ for Negroes in Grenada, between lft October 1772 and 31st December following -

To D®, upon Account, to complete foe Sum of 4,118/. 19s. 8 d. due to them for Negroes, furnished by them in foe Islands of St. Vincent, Dominique, and Grenada, and other Services, to 30th June 1773 ——

To D®, for D®, in Tobago and Dominica, and other Services, to lft Julyi 773 -

To D®, for D® Service, in Grenada and St. Vincent’s, between ift July and 30th September 1773 -

To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, upon Account, for Provisions font by him for foe Supply of foe Garrison of Minorca -

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions sent by him for foe Garrison of Minorca ——

To foe Governor and Company of foe Bank of England, to discharge 19 Bills, drawn by frm. L. , Esquire, upon

Account ——

To D®, for 7 Bills, drawn by D® -To D®, for 9 Bills, drawn by D® -

To D®, for 1 Bill, drawn by J. , Esquire, upon Account ——

To D®, for Bills, drawn by D® -To D®, for 1 Bill, drawn by D°

To Johrt Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions shipped hnd deposited in the Islands of Dominique, Tobago, and St Vincent’s, and for D* condemned and issued in Grenada -

To D®, for D®, in St Vincent’s, and for D° to Tobago and Dominique -

To D®, for D® to St Vincent’s, Tobago, and Dominique, and for D* issued in Grenada, between 30th June 1774 and 30th September following ——

To D®, for D* to Dominique, and for D* put in Store and condemned in Grenada -

To Mefirs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling foe Forces within foe Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th October 1773 and 24th of December following ——

To D®, for D® Service, in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25th September 1773 and 24th December following To D®, for Provisions put in Store at Fort Gage, in foe Illinois Country, between 25th February and 24th August >773 ....

595

£. s. d.

829 2

229 8 6

254 16 4

46 9 —

246 >9 6

111 8 2

<«- 00 >4 3

229 5 3

207 8 10

530 1 6

00 Ox Ox >5 8

443 5 6

O 1,118 >9 8

749 12 2

1,010 7 —

4,000 — —

1,200 — — -

9,603 4 8 3,700 13 9 3>7^3 > 6

127 10 2

*,545 >6 a 98 12 —

10,984 14 >> 8,613 8 11

7,394 7 9 94® 3 3

>.648 3 —

1,085 4 >

720 10 8

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth

Keport on Public Accounts.

S96

2® Julii.

A. 178J.

Dates of Warrants.

1774. June 16th.

July 2d, 14th.

1774. August 5th. October 20th.

November 21ft. December 15th.

1775. January 3d. February lith.

1774, August 14th.

November 21ft.

f *

17^5. March 7th. 1774. June 25th.

i 1

26 th.

October 24th.

November 26th. May 5th.

June 25th.

October 20th. 24th.'

..1 <.

1775. February 11th.

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces ihNew York, New Jersey, and Maflachdfet’s Bay, between 25th December 1773 and 23d February 1774 -To D*, for D* Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th December 1773 and 23d February 1774 To D®, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between 8th October 1773 and 8th April 1774 -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in Penlylvania, between 25th December 1773 and 24th March, 1774 -

To D®, for Provisions put in Store in the Illinois Country, between 1st September and 20th December following -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 24th February and 24th April

1774 - ....

To D®, for D® Service, in Penlylvania, between 25th March and 24th May 1774 -

To D®, for D® Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th April and 24th June 1774 -

To D°, for D® Service, within the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th May and 24th

June 1774 . ....

To D#, for D® Service, between 25th March and 24th May 1774 - . - . «.

To D#, for D® Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th June 1774 and 24th August following To D®, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between 9th April 1774 and 13th September following -

To D®, for D® Service at Quebec, and shipped for the Use of the Forces at Bolton -

To D®, by way of Advance, in Consideration of the Number of Troops (tationed at Bolton -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th June 1774 and 24th September following - -

To D°, for Provisions deposited in Store in the Illinois Country, between 2lit December 1773 and 7th August 1774 To D®, for victualling the Forces in Penlylvania, between 25th May and 14th September 1774 -

To D®, for D* Service, in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th August and 24th October 1774 -

To Sant Smith, El'quire, upon Account, for victualling the Troops at Senegal, between 26th January .774 and 20th May following -

For Agent’s Salary at James Fort, Gambia, between D* Time -

For Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at Senegal, between D® Time -

To D* For victualling the Troops at Gambia, to 24th June 1774, and for D* at "Senegal, to 31st July, and for Sundries supplied the Hospitals, and Agent’s Salary to D*

To D®, for D® Service at Gambia, to 10th August 1774, and the Forces at Senegal, to 31st December 1774 - ,-

To Fdw* Codriyigton, Esquine, Upon Account, by way of further Advance, for Provisions for the Forces ih West Florida -

To D®, for D* Service at Pensacola, between 25th October 1773 and 24th December following, and for" condemned Provisions -

To D®, for D® Service at D®, between 25th December 1773 and 24th April 1774, and for condemned and damaged D® at Pensacola and Mobille -

To D®, for 92 Barrels of Pork condemned at Pensacola, as unfit for Use, and for the Hire of a Store - -

To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued

to the Troops at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 18th October

1773 and 6th February 1774 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 7th February and 3d April

_ 1774 - - . - - . - / - -

To D®, for D* Service, between 4th April and 26th June 1774 -To D®, for D® Service, between 27th June and 31st August

1774 ——

To D®, for D® Service, between 2 2d August and 11th December »774 ....

1 s. 1 - . d. " '

2,248 13 3

U649 8 6

2,79° 3 9

492 13 5

i,«6i 10 8

2,737 10 8

304 8 10

1,757 13 1

817 — 4

1,288 7 2

1,502 18 9

1,929 7 8

4,194 6 2

5,600 — —

5,713 12 3

667 .12 2

500 13 7

1,298 15 8 l "

1,513 1 5

20 2 6

13 '7 10

2,339. 7 5

1,850 9 3

2,000 —

i,i45 15 5 ''

2,497 16 5

460 16 8

1,639 14 7

598 10

1,223 16 6

49° 3 6

88 5

To

43 Geo. III.

pates of Warrants.

1774- August 14th.

1775- March 3d.

1774* August 14th.

May 5th.

June 16th.

October 20th.

December 15th.

June 23d.

May 2 2d.

June 25th.

July 14th.

August 5th.

November 11th.

>775- January 30th.

1774. December 23d.

*775- *774- January 30th. June 3d.

December 20th. 20th. June 3d.

*775. April 29th.

May 19th. June 30th.

August 28 th.

1776. November 2d. January 16th.

*775- April 29th.

VOL. 39.

2° Jul

To Messrs. Chamier, Ringmacher, Palgrtroe, and Exe-

cutors of RoW Jones, Esquire, deceased, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 18th October 1773 and 14th November following, and between 10th January 1774 and lft May following -

To D®, for D® Service, and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from 29th September 1773 to 6th March 1774 -To John Stephenson, Esquire, upon Account, and by way of Advance, to enable him to lay up Six Months Provisions in Store at Nova Scotia, agreeable to Contract -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the isle of Man, between 29th September 1773 and 28th December following, and for incidental Charges incurred by John Younger, to 31st December 1773 To D®, for D* Service, between 29th December 1773 and 8th April 1774, and for incidental Charges for said Time -To D®, for D® Service, between 9th April and 13th July 1774, and for incidental Charges by John Younger, to 5th July

1774 - ' ....

To D®, for D® Service, between 14th July and 30th September 1774, and for incidental Charges by Mr. Younger to said Time - -

To D®, for the Balance of his Account as Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Fort Lewis, in Senegambia, from 29th March 1766 to 14th October 1767 -

To Messrs. Bacon and Chauvet, upon Account, for 52 Negroes furnished by them, and employed in the Island of Grenada, from ill October 1773 to 31st December following, and for 79 D® in the Island of Dominique, for D® Time, and for victualling said Negroes -To D®, for Negroes in Granada and Dominique, between ill January 1774 and 31st March following -To D®, for D® Service, in the Island of Tobago, between 30th June 1773 and ill January 1774 -

To D®, for D® Service, in the Island of St.’Vincent, from tft January 1774 to 31st March following -To D®, by way of Advance,-which Sum is to be repaid the Pay-master General out of the firit Money arising from the Sale of Lands in the ceded I Hands - -

To D®, for 317 Negroes furnished by them, and employed in the Islands of Tobago, Dominique, and St Vincent’s, tis also Grenada, from ift January 1774 to 30th June following To D®, for 240 D®, in the Islands of Dominique, Grenada, and St. Vincent’s, between lit July and 30th September 1774, including travelling Charges -

To Mr. Harley, upon Account, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca ..

To D®, for D® Service -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to discharge 5 Bills drawn by JV. L. Leybourne^ Esquire, upon Account -

To D®, for 15 Bills, by D® -To D®, for 5 Bills, by Sir B. Keith, upon Account To D®, for 2 Bills, drawn by Sir JVm Young, Baronet, upon Account -

To D®, for Bills drawn by Will* Steuart, Esquire, upon Account ——

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Troops in Grenada, between ift October 1774, and 31st December following, on Account -

To D®, for D® flopped from D® to St. Vincent’s -To D®, for D® issued in D®, between ift January and 3ift-March 1775, and for D® flopped to the Islands of Tobago and Dominique -

To D®, for D® shipped to the Islands of Tobago, -St. Vincent’s, and Dominique ——

To D®, issued and condemned in the Island of Grenada -To D®, for D® flopped and deposited in Store in the Island of Dominique -

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of Massachuset’s Bay, New York, &c. between 25th September 1774 and 24th December following ..... - -

597

j£. s.d.

1,057 8 9

1,085 3 6

3,000 — — X,

242 2 4

304 *3 —

248 14 2 4

205 8 4

1,143 *6 7

845 8 6

807 14 9

V79 4 8

743 " 11

4,000 — —

2,155 17 6

i,54i 3 6

4,300 — —

4,300 — "

3,800 — 1-

10,050 — —

1,201 7 8

4^72 19 6

f,6oi — 4

1,127 2 5

4,120 8

2,211 13 —

6,067 4 1

1,657 16 4

603 16 5

7,715 4

T0

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

Tenth Keport on Public Accounts.

598

Dates of Warrants.

2° Julii.

A. 3783.

1775. April 29th,

May 19th.

June 29th. 26th.

August 12th. July 21ft.

26th.

August 28 th.

1775- October 2d.

November 8th. December 7th.

1776. January 16 th.

1775- March 31st.

June 26th.

August 24th.

November 25th.

October 25th.

1776. January 16th.

1775. April 1 ith.

November 21ft. July 21ft.

November 25th. March 31st.

May 29th. March 31st.

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for victualling ithe Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th October 1774 and 24th December following , - r - -

To D°, for D® Service, within the Provisoes of Massachuset’s Bay and New York, between 25th December 1774 and 23d February 1775 -

To D®, by way of further Advance on their Contra$ for supplying the Forces in North America with Provisions -To D®, for victualling the Forces within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th December 1774 and 23d February 1775 - - -....

To D®, by way of further Advance, in consideration of the Number of Men now stationed in America -To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of Massachuset’s Bay and New York, between 24th February 1775 and 24th April following -

To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store in the Illinois Country, between 8th August 1774 and 20th December following To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 24th February and 24th April

1775 -

To D®, for D® Service, in the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New York, between 25th April and 24th of June

1775 - ....

To D®, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between 13th September 1774 and 15th April 1775 To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th April and 24th June 1775 To D®, for D* Service, in the Provinces of Massachuset’s Bay and New York, between 25th June 1775 and 24th August following ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Quebec and Montreal, for the Use of the Forces at Boston To D®, for D® Service at Montreal, between 16th April 1775 and 24th October following -

To D®, by way of Advance, in consideration of the Number of Men now stationed in America -

To Sant Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for Insurance on Provisions, Agent’s Salary, and for sundry Supplies to the Hospitals at Senegal and Gambia, to 24th December 1774 To D®, for victualling the Forces at Gambia, between 11th August and 24th November 1774 - -

To D®, for D® Service at Senegal, between ift January and 31st

March 1775....

To D®, for D® Service, and other Expences at D®, between ift of April and 30th June 1775 -

To D®, for D® Service at Senegambia, between 25th November

1774 and 31st March following ——

To D®, for D® Service at Senegal, between ill July and 30th

September 1^75 -

To Eduf Codrington, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces in West Florida, between 25th April 1774 and 24th August following; and for other Hues of D®, and for condemned D® ——

To D®, for D® Service, between 25th August 1774 and 24th October following j and for condemned D®, &c.

To D®, for D® Service, between 25th October and 23d February 1775, and for other Services -

To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between 12th December 1774 and 30th April 1775 - -

To D®, for D® Service, between ill May and 20th' August

1775 -

To Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account of victualling the Forces in West Florida, and by way of Advance, to enable them to lay up and keep in Store sufficient Quantity of Provisions for 1,000 Men for 6 Months -

To D®, in further Advance for D° Service -To Anthony'Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, to the 2d January 1775, and for incidental Charges incurred to 31st December 1774 ——

£ s. d.

857 11 5

3,815 12 9

20,000 — —

850 — 7

5,000 — —

2,482 3 2

1,322 9 5

954 5 5

5,814 18 3

4,777 15 10

1,337 16 7

11,148 18 8

12,348 3 11

00 s# vl O O 16 2

10,000 — —

305 9 9

386 19 J

1,041 15 8

943 15 11

5i7 — —

949 2 6

3,103 9 11

2,095 — 2

1,827 1 5

972 13 —

562 *9 6

1.500 -

1.500 -

288 11 11

To

23 -Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1775* August 28th.

May 12th. June 30th.

November 14th. August 12th. June 29th. 1771. December 19th. 1776. January 16th.

2° Julii.

599

1775-

I77t>-

1775-

August 4th. January 20th. July 6th.

December 4th. To

1776. February 6th.

2 2d. April 26th. May 2 2d.

July 5th.

August lft.

November 12th.

1777. January 16th.

1776. June 26th.

July 11th.

August lft. September 25th. November 21ft. 1776. February 6th.

22d.

March 14th. April 26th.

Vol.39.

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of ,to 8th March 1775, and for incidental Charges incurred to 19th

April 1775....

To Messrs. Bacon and Chairnet, upon Account, for 190 Negroes fumished 6y them, and employed in the Islands of Tobago, Dominique, and Grenada, to 31st December 1774> and for victualling them according to the annexed Certificate To D®, for 133 D* in the Island of St. Vincent, from lft October

1774 to 31st December following, and for 51 D® in Grenada, between lft January 1775 and 31st March following

To D®, for 160 D° in St Vincent’s, between 31st December 1774 and 31st March 1775 -

To D®, for 51 D® in Grenada, 154 D* in St. Vincent’s, 95 D* in Dominique, and for 95 D® in D®, between lft April 1775 and 30th August following 1

To-D®, for 36 D° in Tobago, 62 D® in D®, and for 89 D° in Dominique, between 30th September 1774 and lft April

1775 - .

To Sir T. Mills, Knight upon Account to enable him to carry on Payments to the Civil Government in the Province of Quebec -

To G. Johnstone, Esquire, Governor of West Florida, for the Balance of his Account between September 1764 and January

1767....

To T. Harley, Esquire, upon Account for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrilou of Minorca -To Colonel Fawcett, to account for on Demand -To D®, upon Account by way of Imprest - -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to discharge sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz'.

29 by Guy Carleton, Esquire, upon Account -3 by fV. L. Leybourtie, Esquire, D° -

2 by - - D° - - - - D*

6 by IV. Stuart, Esquire - - D° -

Messrs. Ross and Gray, upon Account for Levy Money and other Expences attending the raising- and transporting the Augmentation of the 60th Regiment to St Augustine -To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account for Provisions shipped to the Island of St Vincent and issued to the Troops in Grenada -

To D°, for D° shipped to D® -

To D®, for D# to Tobago and Dominique -

To D®, for D* to Dominique and St Vincent’s, and issued in Grenada ——

To D®, for D® issued in Grenada, between ill January and 31st of March 1776 -

To D®, for D® shipped for D®, for the Use of the Forces at St. Vincent’s, Dominique, and Tobago* &nd for D® Condemned in Grenada -

To D°, for D® shipped from Grenada for the Use of the Forces in St Vincent’s, Dominique, and Tobago, and for D® issued in Grenada to 30th June 1776 ——

To D®„ for D® shipped for St Vincent’s, and issued in Grenada, between lft July 1776 and 30th September following -To D®, for D* ddivered'into Stores at Cdrke, for tho Use of thd - Forces serving under General Howe, in America -To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service - - - - j

To D", for D® Service - -

To D°, for D® Service - - j -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Dtuntrtiond, add Frecnks, upbti Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Massachuset’s Bay, between 25th August 1775, and 24th October following -To D°, for D® Service,' and other Persons in the Garrifoh of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th June and 24th October 1775 - - 4 -: 1 - - 4 1 -

To D®r for D® Service, in the Province of Massachuset’s Bay, between-25th October 1775 and 24th December following' -To D°r for D® exported from Corko" to" America* for the Use of the Forces serving the re under the Command of General Howe -

£. S. d. Tenth Report on Public Accounts

258 10 9

1,392 7 —

00 0 13 8

926 16 8

2,237 9 10

1,136 3 2

5,000 — —

3,358 11 6

5,5oo — —

10,000 — —

10,000 - '

7,483 11 3

3,600 — —

1,500 — —

2,492 12 3

11,560 — —

4,507 4 1

3,164 2 9

1,101 18 9

5,329 16 9

1,218 17 11

6,221 17 8

5,819 1 11

5,046 »3 9

3,537 6 3

3,694 5 7

274 4 4

3,656 4 6

11,396 8 1

5,679 2 9

4,985 12 11

2,286 18 5

7,069 12 7

7,3i2 7 1

T©

Tenth Heport on Public Accounts*

600

Dates of Warrants.

1776. April 26th.

May 15 th.

December -6th. *777. January 16th.

29th.

1776. March nth.

May 22d. August lft. November lft.

1776. February 19th.

2 2d.

May 3d.

June 28th. September 25th. November 21ft. *777. January 16th. February 10th.

*776. April 18th.

August lft. 33d.

September 25th.

2° Julti.

To MeiTrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and ,upon Account, for Provisions exported from Corke to America, for the Use of the Forces serving the re under the Command of General Howe -To D*, for D* Service -

To D°, for D* Service - -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D*, for D® shipped from the Port of London on board Four Transport Vessels bound to Quebec, for the Use of the Troops there -

To D0, for D® delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between 14th October 1775 and 10th November following To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Massachuset s Bay, between 25th December 1775 and 23d February 1776 -To D#, for D® Service, between 24th February a*nd 24th March

1776....

To D®, for D* Service in the Gamfon of Quebec, between 25th October 1775 and 24th June 1776 -

To D®, for Provisions deposited in Store in the Illinois Country, between 21st December 1774 and 20th December 1775 To D*, for D° delivered over to the Commissary of Stores and Provisions, for the Use of the Forces in North America To D#, for D® delivered at Halifax for the Use of the Forces there -

To D*, for victualling feme of the Forces, being Prisoners amongst the Rebels in the Provinces of Pensylvania and New Jersey, from 19th November 1774 to 29th October 1776 To D®, for Provisions delivered at Halifax, for the Use of the Forces there - -

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Senegam between lft April 1775 and 30th September following - -

To D*, for D® Service, between lft October and 31st December

1775 ....

To D®, for D® Service, between ill January and 30th March

1776 ....

To D®, for D® Service, to 30th June 1776, D® of Gambia, to 27th

April 1776, and for the Agent Victuallers Salary to 30th June 1776 -

To ChristTBethell, Esquire, Executor of

Esquire, deceased, upon Account, for Persons victualled, Provisions condemned and issued, and Losses sustained by the said Eduf Codrington, Esquire, deceased - -

To R-V. Sadlier, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued

to the Forces at Halifax, between 21st August and 10th December 1775 -

To D®, by way of further Advance, on his Contract, in consideration of his extraordinary Disbursements and particular Services at Halifax in Nova Scotia -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 11th December 1775 and 28th April 1776 -To D®, for D® Service, between 29th April and 23d June 1776 -

To D®, for D® Service, between 24th June and 16th September

1776 - - ....

To D®, for D® Service, between 17th September 1776 and 11th November following -

To John Stevenson, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Placentia, between lft October 1774 and 2d September 1775 To D®, for victualling the Forces and Train of Artillery at Newfoundland, from lft October 1774 to 30th of September

1775 - ....

To D®, for Provisions shipped from Halifax for the Use of the Troops at Boston .- - -

To D®, upon Account, for victualling the Forces at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, between 1 ftOSober 1775 and 24th January 1776 -

To D®, for D®, at Halifax, between 16th January and 8th May

1776....

To D®, by way of Advance, to lay up and keep in Store 6 Months Provisions for 1,500 Men -To D®, by way of Imprest, for D® Service -

A. eh 00

£ S. d.

16,807 16 1

16,905 19 7

U,542 11 8

3,732 15 3

3,007 6 11

5,026 14 5

804 6 8

10,987 2 5

6,172. 14 5

9,833 17 4

1,877 2 11

988 7 11

5,123 7 8

4,523 2 6

221 7 9

772 8 6

i,397 17 5

1,488 15 10

2,232 12 5

5,854 7 5

1,039 *9 9

1,500 — —

2,104 13 —

545 5 4

i,372 2 —

774 16 8

398 2 6

683 — 6

1,410 1 6

658 13 —

i,9i3 17 11

10,000 — —

4,000 — —

To

13 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1777. January 16th.

1776. February 10th.

June 26th.

August lft.

1777. January 16th.

29 th.

1776. April 3d.

March 5 th. 21ft.

May 31st. November 13th.

26th.

a° Julii.

601

To John Stevenson, Esquire, upon Account, for Prov lions issued to the Troops, between 4th June and 9th September 1776 To D°, for D°, between 9th September and 5th November 1776 -To D®, for D® at Placentia and St. John’s, between 3d September 1775 and 25th November 1776 -

To Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Pensacola, between 25th June and 24th August

1775 ..... ..

To D*, for D® in West Florida, between 25th August and 24th October 1775 -

To D®, for D°, between 25th October 1775 and 23d February 1776, and for condemned D®, &c. - -

To D®, for D®, between lft April 1775 and 24th April 1776, and for D® condemned by long keeping -To D®, for D®, between 25th April and 24th June 1776, and for D* damaged by long keeping -To Mefirs. Mason and Jones, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. Augustine, between 25th June and 24th October 1776, and for D® to the Out-Posts dependant on D®, for D® Time -

To Messrs. Bacon and Chauvet, upon Account, for Negroes furnished and employed in the Islands Grenada, St. Vincent’s, and Tobago, between 31st March 1775 and 16th August following -

To Lieut. Col. Gabriel Christie, Quartermaster General on an Expedition going to the Relief of Quebec, by way of Imprest, upon Account of Payments to Artificers to be employed on said Expedition -

To A. Merry, Esquire, upon Account, for purchasing and fitting out a Vessel to be employed in the Service of l'upplying the Forces in North America with Provisions, &c.

To D®, by way of Imprest, and upon Adcount -To Governor Tonyn, upon Account of the Works now carrying on in the Barracks of St. Augustine in East Florida - -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of sundry Bills drawn for the Public Service by the following Persons:

16 Bills by Bob' Gordon, Esquire, upon Account -

May 6th. 1777. January 16th.

4

4

3 2 2 2 8

4

5

83

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

18 D* by F. Legg, Esquire,

12 D® by JVm Young, Esquire,

5 D® by Earl Dunmore,

by T. Shirley, Esquire, by JVm Tryon, Esquire,

by John Thomas, Esquire, D* - - - -by Phtt Calbeck, Esquire, D® by Lord 1Vm Campbell, D® -

by Hugh Lord, Esquire, D® - -

by V. Morris, Esquire, D®

by Sir B. Keith, D®

by Lord Macartney, D°

D® by JVm Faucitt, Esquire, D® -

To Martin Leake, Esquire, to be by him paid over to CoL IV. Faucitt, by way of Imprest, and upon Account -To Mr. Burfoot, upon Account, for purchasing Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America - .

To Thcf Harley, Esquire, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca, upon Account 1776. May 15th. To John Amyand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered

into His Majesty’s Store Houses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America -To D®, for D® Service -

July nth. August lft. September 25th. November 12 th. June 28th.

July 11th. August lft.

To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To Rob' Mayne, upon

Account, for Provisions delivered into Store at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America -

To D®, To D®, ToD®, To D®, To D®, To D\

for D® Service for D® Service for D" Service for D® Service for D® Service for D® Service

Vol. 39.

7 O

«£. s. d.

2,797 4 6

2,553 9 —

554 17 11

811 18 8

806 5 10

1,868 19 9

1,213 14 3

1,761 6 4

3,350 16 9

1,051 10 8

2,000 — —

5,000 —

4,000 — —

500 — —

5,600 — _

2,970 — —

9,500 — —

25,000 — —

2,160 17 8

4,000 — —

987 — —

820 2 4

434 14 9

784 16 2

4,000 — —

1,299 17 8

1,500 — —

24,835 1 6

3,342 5 2

3,000 — —

11,000 — —

3,15* 15 6

4,233 10 7

8,464 17 11

10,650 4 11

2,686 5 8

3,807 8 4

3»968 9 11

4,684 10 3

3,656 4 6

3,656 4 6

3,341 8 1

314 16 5

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

Tenth Report on Public Account*

6 02

2® Juki.

A. 1783.

Dates of Warrants.

1776. September 25th.

June 261b.

July nth.

August ill. September 25th. November 21ft. May 31st.

August ift. 15th.

September 25th.

November ?ift. June 28th.

July nth.

September 25th. November 21ft. June 26th.

July nth. September 25th.

November ift. April 3d.

1777. April 12th.

30th.

July 24th. August 27th. June 26th.

March 14th.

September 6th. December 24th.

March 6th.

April 23d. July 3.

June 26th.

To Ro& Mayrtt, upon Account, for Provisions delivered1 into Store at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America - '

To D®, for D® Service -

To D*, for D° Service -

To D®, for 1>* Service -

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America -

To D®, for D° Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D*» for D° Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke> for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -To D#, for D* Service -To D#, for D® Service -To D®, for D* Service -To D®, for D* Service -To D®, for D® Service -To A. Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America Fo D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D° Service -To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service -To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe iu America -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to discharge sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz.

18 Bills, by JV" Young, Esquire, upon Account -

1 D®, by That Shirley, Esquire, D® - -

3 D®, by Sir Basil Keith, D® -3 D®, by Guy Johnson, Esquire, D® - -

To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Uleof the Forces in America under General Howe -

To D®, for D® turned out of the Stores by General s Direction, when the Town of Boston was evacuated -To D®, for D® delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe m America ... To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Sam! Smith, Esquire, on Account, by way of Advance, to be deduced out of the first victualling Certificate that shall arrive from Senegal- ——

To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 12th November 1776 and 6th January 1777 -

To D®, for D*, between 7th January and 26th May 1777 -To D®, for D®, between 27th May and 23d June, and between 22d July 1777 and 15th September following - -

To Messrs. Mason and Jones, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. Augustine, and to the Out Posts dependant on D®, between 15th March 1776 and 24th June following, and for D® condemned - -

To D®, for D®, between 25th October and 24th December 1776 -To D®, upon Account, by way of Advance on their Contract for victualling the Forces in Ealt Florida -

To D®, on Account of this Warrant for 2,223/. 5s. 7 for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. Augustine, and the Out Posts dependant on D®, between 25th December 1776 and 24th February 1777, and for D® condemned between 1 ith July 1776 and 24th March 1777 -

£- s. d.

4,684 10 3

1,371 16 8

680 4 6

37 3 4

3,537 6 3

3,694 5 7

274 4 4

3,656 11,396 4 6

8 1

5,679 2 9

io,335 ___

14,594 6 10

26,871 4 4

31,412 8 4

21,605 12 2

21,605 12 2

3,537 6 1

274 4 4

3,656 4 6

3,694 5 7

11,580 3 1

7,649 14 2

9,408 >4 - -

47,026 9 8

20,087 1 5

9,79' 16 11

12,113 5 1

9,517 15 —

350 — —

1,299 9 3

4,430 13 4

20,364 12 8

11,917 1 2

35,899 12 5

12,000 6,500 — —

T

3,5oo — —

743 16 10

i,977 6 6

OO VO 'It 4 3

*,38 17 5

1,708 10 8

6,000 — ®

2,000

To

Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1777. December 24th.

February 12th. September 17th.

April 12th.

July 25th. December 21ft.

1778. January 21ft. 1777. March 3d.

14th.

31st.

May 27th.

June 26th.

July 30th. August 14th.

September 6th.

October ill.

November 28th. December 24th. April 18th.

25th. July 24th. April 18th.

23d-July 24th. February 12th. April 18th. July 24th. September 24th. March 31st. April 12 th. 30th. 24th.

November 19th. 1778. January 7th.

1777. April 18th.

July 17th.

24th. April 14th. March 3d.

a° Jutti.

603

November 14th. February 10th.

May ad. October 31st.

To Messrs. Mason and Jones, by way of Advance* to enable them to keep ia Store Houses in Ealt Florida Six Months Provisions for the Use of the Forces there -To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions iflbed to the Forces at Pensacola, between 25th June and 24th August 1776 To D*, on Account, and in consideration of their extraordinary Disbursements in delivering Proviliens for the Use of the Forces ia Well Florida - ~ - -

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 8,209 Gallons of Rum, from the Islands of Antigua, St. Kitts, Montserrat, and Nevis, delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America To D°, for 19,9431 D® of D* -

To D®, for 39,708 D® of D* -

To D®, for *1,061 D® of D® -

To John Stephenson, Esquire, for Provifkxas HToed to the Troops at Halifax, between 6th November and 3d December 1776 To D®, fori/ in Nova Sootia, between 4th and 31st December

1776 - - ....

To D®, for D®, between 24th December 1775 and 30th September

1776 -

To D®, for D®, between ill January 1777 and 25th February

following -

To D®, for D®, between 26th February 1777 and 25th March following -

To D®, for D®, between 26th March 1777 and 26th May following To D®, for D®, in Newfoundland, between lft October 1776 and

9th June 1777 . ....

To D®, for D®, in Nova Scotia, between aift May 1777 and 17th June following - - .

To D®, in consideration of his Disbursements and particular Services in the Execution of his Agreement for delivering Provisions for D* in D® -

To D®, for Provisions issued to Troops at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 10th September and 7th October 1777 -

To D®, for D® Service at St. John’s, Newfoundland, between 10th June and 30th September 1777 -

To John Amyand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Stores at

Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe in America ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Rob' Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General in North America ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service r - -

To John Durand, Esquire, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Mefirs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, for D* Service -To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for D® Service - -

To D®, upon Account, by way of Advance on his Contract for D° Service ——

To D®, by way of D® -

To D®, by way of IP - - -

To Sir James Cookbum, Baronet, for 16,050 Gallons of Rum, at 4«. per Gallon, delivered from the Itiands of Grenada, St. Vineent’s, Dominique, and Tobago, for the Use of the Forces 00 Service in North America -

To D*, for 34,829 Gallons of D® -

To Lieut. Col. Sano TawnsbeneL, Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, to enable him to satisfy Bills as are or may be drawn for the Pay of Staff Oficers employed in sundry Places on that Service - -

To D®, far D® Service r ----- r -To D®, for D® Service - - - - *

Vo l. 39.

£. s. d.

2.000 -

1,126 15 n

3,300-----

1,231 7 —

2,991 10 6

4,840 1 —

3,009 3 —

4,313 19 6 3, H5 4 3

873 4 10 2,068 18 5

950 11 11 2,018 17 7

757 8 4

926 11 2

9.000 -

927 13 1 428 6 —

5,088 13 1 8,637 8 11 6,000-----

5,080 18 3 4,294 15 5

10.000 -

i,970 n 5

5.241 7 9

4,oeo — —

8,000’----

5,047 2 8

19,825-----

46,930 19 2

20.000 -

20.000 -

21,970 3 —

5.241 7 9

6,000 — —

1,800-----

6,500 — —

3,210-----

6,965 16 —

1.0 DO----

1.000 -

1,000 — —

To

Tenth Report un Public Accounts.

6 04 2°

Tenth

Report Dates of Warrants.

on Public ---,

Accounts*

1777* March 3d. To Thv Burfoo Esquire, for 77,144 Gallons of Barbadoes

Rum, at 3#. per Gallon, delivered for the Use of the Forces on Service in North America -

November 7th. To James Bogle , Esquire, upon Account, for 39,780

Gallons of Rum, fumished by him for the Use of the Forces in North America -

December 24th. To D*, for D* - -....

August 27th. To Mr. Atkinson, upon Account, for 58,698 Gallons of Rum, at 5*. 3 d.per Gallon, sent from the Island of Jamaica for the Use of the Forces in North America -

December 17th. To Mr. Harley, upon Account of Provisions sent by him to supply the Garrison of Minorca -

February 27th. To Mr. Hansard, in Discharge of a Bill of Exchange drawn by Mathias M'N Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Senegambia, on Account of contingent Expences of that Government -March 5th. To Messrs. Trecothick, and C®, to answer a Bill of Exchange drawn by Thomas Esquire, for Contingencies in the

I (laud of Dominica -

February 20th. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to discharge sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons for Public Service; viz.

July 12th.

December 16th.

Valentine Morris, Esquire, 15 Bills . Lord Macartney, 7 D°-Thomas Shirley, Esquire, 4 D® Andrew Ruinsjord, Esquire, 2 D* -

Lord William Campbell, 3D®

Hugh Lord, Esquire, 2 D® -John Stuart, Esquire, 1 D° -Earl of Dunmore, 1 D®

William Tryon, Esquire, 2D® Robert Gordon, Esquire, 8 D® William Faucitt, Esquire, 6 D® William Tryon, Esquire, 7 D®

Peter Chester, Esquire, 12 D®

Lord Macartney, 6 D® -John Arbuthnott, Esquire, 1 D* -

Andrew Rainsford, Esquire, 6 D® -Francis Legg, Esquire, 1 D®

Josiah Martin, Esquire, 2D® Thomas Shirley, Esquire, 4 D® Philip Calbeck, Esquire, 1 D®

John Stuart, Esquire, 3 D® -Sir Basil Keith, 3 D" -Lord William Campbell, 2D® Valentine Morris, Esquire, 19 Bills Robert Gordon, Esquire, 6 D* Williaw Faucitt, Esquire, 6 D®

Lord Macartney, 9 D® -Peter Chester, Esquire, 1 D®

John Clarke, Esquire, 3D®- -

John Hailing, Esquire, 2D® William Faucitt, Esquire, 17 D* -Robert Gordon, Esquire, 9 D®

Lord William CampbeU, 1 D® William Tryon, Esquire, 3D' -

Josiah Martin, Esquire, 2D® Valentine Morris, Esquire, 34 D® -Thomas Shirley, Esquire, 2D®

1778. March 16th. To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in the ceded Islands June 19th. To D®, for the same Service -

To D®, for D®....

March 4th. To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account for victualling feme of the Forces, being Prisoners amongst the Rebels in the Provinces of Pensylvania and Virginia, from 26th March 1776 to 4th November 1777 - -

23d, To D®, for the like Service, from 26th March 1776 to D® -

September 10th. To D®, for D®, between 5th January 1777 and 24th April 1778 -

July 15th. To Sam1 Smith, Esquire, upon Account, to reimburse Joseph

Wall the like Sum expended by him for the Payment of the Troops at Senegambia -

A. 1783.

£. * d.

11,273 14 5

7,500 -

1,796 8 —

15,408 4 6 7,000 — —

1,450 ----- i

600 -

4,272 10 —

1,900-----

2,000 -

757 3 6 664 13 — 155 14 4

4.000 -

5.000 -

1,500-----

7,133 4 6 i,377 17 ~

4.000 -

i,i57 2 8 2,350-----

300-----

995 3 10

300-----

450-----

1,907 2 9 14 10 —

12,600-----

809 18 9

751-----

6,270-----

5,173 10 —

2,2QO-----

4,200-----

100-----

552 9 7 499 5 10 4,712 7 4

8.000 -

277 1 11

3.000 -

800-----

12,450 14 8 1,300----

13,000 — —

7.000 -

1.000 -

' 10,000-----

1,261 16 9 8,000-----

979 i5 9

To

33 Geo. III. 2* Julii.

Date* of Warrants,

1778. July 15th.

December lft. 18th.

February 25th.

March 4th. May 11 th. June 3d.

July 30th.

1779. January 4th.

1778. March 16th.

April 10th.

June 18th. July 21ft.

December 9th. March 18th.

May 2d. June 19th. 24th. July 21ft.

30th. December 4th.

9tK

21ft. March i8ih.

May 2d. July 30th. August 7th.

June 24th. August 7th. 1779. January 15th.

To Sam' Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in Senegambia, between lft July 1776 and 7th April

1777 ....

To D®, for D®.....- - -

To D®, for D®, between lit July and 30th September 1777 To MeiTrs. Mason and Jones, upon Account, to enable them to keep in Store in Eait Florida 6 Months Provisions for the Use of the Forces there -To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D°, to 24th December 1777 -

To D#, for D°, between 25th December 1777 and 23d February

1778 ....

To D°, to enable them to provide 6 Months Provisions for

3,000 Men iu East Florida -

To D®, for Expences incurred in bringing Provisions on Shore at St. Augustine ——

To R. V. Sadliet', Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 16th September 1777 and 13th (Jftober following -

To D®, for the like Service, between 11th November 1777 and 5th January 1778 - -

To D°, for D°, between 6th January and 2d March 1778 To D®, for D®, between 24th June and 21st July 1777, and also between 3d March and 27th April 1778 - -

To D®, for D®, between 28th April and 17th August 1778 To John Stephenson, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions

issued to the Garrison of Placentia in Newfoundland, between lft October 1776 and 30th September 1777 -

To D", for D®, issued at Halifax, and adjacent Commands, between 8th October and 4th November 1777 -

To I)°, for D®, between 5th November and 30th December 1777 To D®, for D®, between 16th July and 9th September 1777 To D®, for D®, between 24th July 1777 and 26th December following ——

To D®, for D®, between 31st December 1777 and 24th February 1778 ——

To D®, for D®, to 24th March 1778 -

To D®, for D®, at Placentia, to 25th March 1776 -

To D-®, for D®, at Halifax, &c. from 18th June 1777 to 15th

July following, and 25th February 1778 to 21st April fol-loviing - -

To D°, to enable him to lay in Store 6 Months Provisions for 4,900 Men, upon the Terms of the Contract -To D®, for Provisions issued at Halifax, &c. between 20th December 1777 and 8th September 1778 - -

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions issued at St. John’s, Newfoundland, between 12th August and 30th September 1778 -To D®, lor D®, at Placentia, &c. between 7th August and 28th October 1778 - -

To D®, by way of Advance -

To Meflirs. Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for Provisions issued in West Florida, between 24th February and 24th April 1777, and for D® condemned at Mobille -To D®, for D® issued at Pensacola, between 25th April and 24th June 1777 -

To D®, for D®, between 25th June and 24th August 1777 To D®, for D®, between 25th August and 24th October 1777 -

To D®, for Losses sustained by Provisions condemned, &c. and for victualling the Ordnance to 30th September 1777 -To D®, for Provisions issued at Pensacola, between 25th December 1776 and 31st December 1777....

To D®, to enable them to keep in Store 6 Months Provisions for 1,500 Men in West Florida -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for Provisions issued in West Florida, to 23d February 1778, and for D® condemned by long keeping -

To John Blackburn, Esquire, upon Account, for 10,129 Gallons

of Rum delivered in America, for the Use of the Forces there -

To Sir George IVombwell, Baronet, upon Account, to enable him to keep in Store 6 Months Provisions for the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To D®, by way of Imprest, to supply Provisions for D®

dC . s. tit

4,030 14 9 459 6 1 W5 5 8

Tenth Report on Public-Accounts.

1,815 6 8

2,000-----

5,53& — 10

2,174 12 6

15,000-----

147 8 6

498 7 4 '

984 19 8 980 10 7

i,437 2 11

136 2 —

181 — 3

2,215 19 4

3,693 9 8 3,266 9 6

574 5 10

2,777 18 1 186 13 9

34 2 6

3,785 17 5

i7>50o-----

n, S47 -

671 18 9 ,

583 6 — 10,000 — —

1,321 7 6

1,236 18 — 1,268 11 2 1,477 11 —

892 9 —

1,696 14 7

4

2.625 -

2.625 -

2,131 12, 5 1,519 7 —

10.500 -

10.500 -

Vol. 39.

7 P

To

2® Julii

A. ^783.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

606

Dates of Warrants.

1778. June 19th.

24th. May 2d.

15th. June 19th. July 30th. August 20th. December 4th.

21ft.

March 16th.

May 2d. 15th. July iqth. 30th.

September 10th. December 4th.

April 17th.

30th.

December 9th.

4th.

21ft.

May 2d.

15th. July 17th. 19th. 30th.

September 10th. October 18th. December 4th.

9th.

March 23d.

May 15th.

20th. June 18th. , July ift. 17th. 30th. August 20th. September 10th. December 4th.

18th. April 14th.

May 20th.

June 3d. July 13 th.

August 7th. December 24th.

To John Amyand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To D°, for D* Service -

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To D°, by way of Imprest, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D* Service To D®, for D° Service To D®, for D° Service To D®, for D® Service To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, to enable them to deliver Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account of his delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the U fc of the Forces serving in North America To D°, for D® Service -To D*, for D® Service, by way of Imprest To D°, for D° Service To D*, for D° Service To D®, for D® Service To D°, for D® Service To D®, for D° Service To D#, for D° Service To D®, for D° Service, by way of Imprest To Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores dt Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -

To D®, by way of Imprest, for D® delivered to the Codimifiary at Quebec, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -ToD®, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Quebec and Montreal, for D® -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Corke, for

D®.....-

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To D®, by way of Imprest, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for Provisions delivered into D®, for D®

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service, by way of Imprest To D®, for D® Service -To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service, by way of Imprest -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To the Right honourable Thd Harley, upon Account, for Provisions font by him for the Supply oif the Garrison of Minorca ....

To D®, for D® Service....

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, to pay Bills drawn upon him for Provisions sent for the Supply of D* - -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of D® -

£ s. d.

2,499 2 4 1,078 17 —

857 7 2

6,000-----

9»338 12 5

5>137 «3 8

5,620 9 —

6,334 9 4 7,275 -

6,365 2 —

2.000 -

966 6 2

6.000 -

i,»38 3 *

Q 6 1

2,238 10 7,821 8

6,277 18 5,288 6 2,146 4 7,275 —

3,250 15 7

30,000-----

52,056 16 4 13,709 17 6

13,381-----

666 6 6,000 — 7,821 8

i,37i 3,085 5,189 13 7,837 11 7,350 -

4,763 15 11

11

4

3,938 17 5

12,000-----

4,782 17 11 27,457 12 " 1,137 17 — 2,048 2 —

12,680 10 8

5,838-----

12,646 19 4 13,700-----

5,784 9 — 636 2 9

8,916 6 2

6,000-----

i,734 17 4

i,353 6 1

4,600-----

1,034 14 9 i 0,000 - — ‘

To

2$ Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1/78. September 28th.

October 9th. November 5th. December 5th. November 18th. December lit. 21st 28 th.

1779. January 4th. 1778. February 9th.

September 28th. February Oth.

July 20th.

August 31st.

N ovember 11 th» 1779. February 13th.

1778. May 20th.

October 9th. February 9th.

i" Juln.

June 25th.

October 12th.

1779. January 18th. Vol. 39.

To Messrs. Harley 4nfl DriitfrmOnd, dpdrt Account, to be invfefted in the pkircbafing Spanish and Portugal CoiHs, for the Ule and Service of the Troops in North America - -

To D*, for D° Service- - -

To D°, for D* Service - -

To D°. for D* Service - -

To D#, for D8 Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D*, for D° Service - - - t.- - -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D#, for D* Service - - - -i -

To D*, for D° Service -

To Messrs. Mart, Son, and Atkinson, upon Afccount, for 266,306 Gallons of Jamaica Rum delivered at New York, for ihd Ule of the Forces in America - -

To D°, for 233,434 Gallons of D*j delivered at D°, for D* Service - - - - -

To Lieut. Col. Sam1 Towmhend, upon Account, to enable him to advance the Regimental Levy Mohey for such kdcfuits to be forthwith raised, which ii afterwards to be repaid by the Regiment they are incorporated into L' - -

To D*, to satisfy Bills that are or may be dratoti upon him for the Pay of divert Staff Officers employed on the Recruiting Service s ——

To D°, to complete the Sum of 2,333/. 4* 8 for t># Service - - - - j - -

To D*, for D* Service - -

To Mr. Clinton, upon Account, for Coals and Candles to be provided for the ForCes that are Or may be trl Barracks at Plymouth Dock ----- i - -

To Simon Fraser, Esquire, upon Account, by way of Advance on his Contract fot supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Sttaw to the Forces which Were encamped in ti>e Summer

*7*8 . - ... 1 - . - -

To D*, on Account, by way of further Advance - -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank bf Ehglahd, in Discharge of sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons; vis.

John Stuart, Esquire, 6 Bills - -

Josiah Martin, Esquire, 3D* - -

Daniel Claus, Esquire, 2 D* -

Andrexo Raitisf 'ora, Esquire, 2 D* -Peter Chester, Esquire, 2D0 -

William Tryon, Esquire, 3 - -

Lord Macartney, 8D" - -

Thomas Shirley, Esquire, i D* -

Robert Gordon, Esquire, 2D8 - i -

William Faucitt, Esquire, 2D8 -

Philip Calheek, Esquire, 2D8 -

Lord Macartney,9 D* - - .

Peter Chester, Esquire,1 10 D8 -

John Dotting, Esquire, 3 D8 -Thomas Shirley, Esquire, 3 D* - -

William Tryon, Esquire, 3D8 - -

John Stuart, Esquire, 81)°- - -

Edu ard Hay, Esquire, 1 D8 -

Robert Gordon, Esquire, 5 D° - -

William Fau citt, Esquire, 32 D° -Andrea> Rainsford, Esquire, 1 D* -MaunlJord Brou tie, Esquire, 1 D° -

James Murray, Esquire, I D8 -

Peter Chester, Esquire, 1 D* - -

Lord Macartney, iD*- -

John Stuart, Esquire, n D* -Josiah Martin, Esquire, I D8 - - *

J.Arbuthnot, Esquire, 1 D* - -

John Dolling, Esquire, 1 D° -

Tho)nas Shirley, Esquire, 13

William Tryon, Esquire, 1 D* - -

Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, 1 D* - -

Robert Gordon, Esquire, 1 D8 -

Thomas Shirley, Esquire, 11 D- - -

John Stuart, Esquire, 18 D*-

£. s. d.

99,406 18 2

50.000 -

100.000 -

104,570 5 7

185..557 18 7

39.974 9 1

111,306 19 11

50.000 -

100.000 -

86,690 11 2

80,808 15 5

Tetllh Report on Public Accounts.

604)00-----

41,500-----

1,000 —

333 4 8 4,6oo -

500-----

30.000 -

15.000 -

15.974 14 10 1,007 7 "

1.500 -

679 4 — 250----

3.000 -

2.000 -

400-----

2.000 -

500-----

2,740 10 —

2,850----

1,722 7 3 1,049 *8 1

l,a!8i 10 —

3.000 -

17,184 11 7

i,357 7 2

5.000 -

7,346 12 —

100-----

650-----

i,945 19 "

1,949 18 —

2,900-----

12,070 18 5

f ,200----

820 9 6

1.000 -

4,368----

1.000 -

3.000 — —

3.000 -

7.500 15 10 18,076 3 4

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

608 a* Julii.

Dates of Warrants. "

A. 1783.

1779. January 18th.

May 19th.

June 17th. July 8th.

September 8th. November 17th. February 16th.

March 31st.

November 11th. April 29th.

July 8 th.

September 3d. August 25th. October 12th. 15 th-

March 4th.

February 3d. March 4th. April 26th. September 8th. October 15th. 21ft.

December 27th.

March 31st.

September 8th.

Ju 8th.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz.

Josiah Martin, Esquire, 1 Bill -Lord Macartney, 17 D*

Andrew Rainsford, Esquire, 4 D° -

Peter Chester, Esquire, 8 D° -

Philip Calbeck, Esquire, 1 D° -

IV illiam Tryon, Esquire, 2D0 -

John Dolling, Esquire, 2D0- - , -

Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, 4 D° -John Clarke, Esquire, 3D'

Robert Gordon, Esquire, 4 D° -To Sir George tVombwell, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 18th January 1779 and 14th March following -

To D#, upon Account of his Contract -To D°, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 15th March and 11 th April 1779 - *

To D°, for D°, between 12th April and 6th June 1779 - -

To D°, for D°, between 7th June and 4th July 1779 -To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions shipped to the ceded Islands.

To D°, for D° deposited in Stores at Dominica and Tobago, between 13th June 1777 and 25th April 1778 -

To D°, for D° shipped and deposited in Store at Grenada -To D°, for D° issued in the ceded Islands -To D°, for D°, between 20th August 1777 and 26th May

1778 ....

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Senegambia, between 7th April and

lft July 1778.....-

To Render Mason, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. Augustine, between 25th October 1778 and 23d February 1779, and for D° issued to the Out Posts, &c. ——

To D°, for the like Service, between 25th August and 24th October 1778 ——

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Sum (topped out of victualling Certificates ——

To D°, being so much (topped out of D°, to 25th August

1778 -

To D°, for victualling St. Augustine and the Out Posts, between 24th of February and 24th June 1779 - -

To Mefirs. Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for victualling-the Forces at St. John’s, Newfoundland* between 29th October and 23d December 1778 - - \ -

To D°, for D° at Placentia, between 30th September and id December 1778 - - - - -\

To D°, for D° at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, between 24th December 1777 and 2d June 1778 - - - \-

To D% for Provisions issued to the Forces in D‘, between 9th September 1778 and 26th January 1779 - - -\ -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at St. John’s, between 13th May and 25th June 1779 - - - - \-

To D°, for D° in Nova Scotia, between 27th January and 20tfo April 1779 -

To D°, for D* at Placentia, between 3d March and lft June

1779 ....

To D°, for D° at St. John’s, from 26th June to 4th November

1779, and at Placentia, between 2d June and 5th October To D°, for Provisions delivered at Halifax, by Order of Lieut.

Colonel Bruce ——

To D°, for victualling D° from 8th September to 5th October

1779 ....

To D°, for Provisions issued and Persons victualled, at Pen-facola -

To D°, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, between 25th June and 24th October 1778 -

To D°, by way of Imprest, for Provisions to be delivered into Store Houses at Deptford -

To D°, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, from sundry Periods to 23d February 1779 -

V

V

£ s. d.

700 — —

5,55o — —

633 10 5

1,250 — —

400 — —

1,500 — —

633 16 3

8,523 8 7

904 2 2

4,000 -

8,635 14 6

10,500 — *

4,299 2 —

8,610 2 6

4,413 6 —

950 l6 7

2,257 19 7

807 2 2

79 »5 8

2,763 — 3

3,500 — —

5,5o8 10 3

4,095 5 7

3,oooo — —

8,000 — —

8,435 14 1

781 2 6

157 10

VO N 00 10

25,000 — —

600 18 1

9,064 10 11

206 1 3,

2,285 17 6

6,175 9 8

2,686 1 1

\ 964 15 2

3^862 6 5

4,5P° — —

V s

8,449 2 1

T©

23 Geo. III. i°

Dates of Warrants.

1779* August 4th.

December 3d. February 3d.

March 31st. April 28th. July 28th. September 8th. March 31st.

May 19th.-June 9th.

8th.

September 28th. February 16th.

March 4th. April 16th.

May 6th. June 2d. 9th. 17th. August 20th. September 8th. February 3d.

March J2th. April 16th. June 9th.

August 20th. October 15th. February 3d.

March 4th.

31st. April 16th.

28 th. June 2d. 9th. 23d. July 28th.

December 3d. 27th.

June 17 th.

September 8th.

28th.

Vol. 39.

To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions supplied the Hospital Surgeon, between 25th December 1777 and 24th December 1778, and Provisions HTued to the Forces at Pen-facola and Mobille, between 24th February and 24th April

1779 ~ -

To D°, for Provisions delivered' into Stores near Deptford To Bob'Mayne, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Forces serving in America -

To D®, for D° Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D° Service - -

To D®, for D* Service - -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Messrs. James, Smith, Roberts, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D* Service - -

To Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service ' -

To D®, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford,

& c. - - -.-

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America - -

To I)®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To l>°, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service - - - - - _ -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, by way of Imprest, for D° Service -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Deptford, &c.

To D°, for D® delivered on the River Thames -To Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for I)® Service -

To D", for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service ——

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To the Right honourable Mr. Harley, upon Account, for Provisions lent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca ——

To Messrs. Smith, Fitzhugh, and by way of Imprest, and

upon Account, for Provisions to be delivered at Corke, for the Forces serving in New York, &c. -

To Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered at Quebec for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada , -

7 Q

£. s. d>

2,887 5 9

12,603 13 11

7,53o 19 2

3.721 7 6

19,842 — 2

7,530 17 4

116 4 —

7,275 1 "

41,030 18 10

21,640 — 11

40,453 1 ®

4,612 17 —

8,748 14 5

15,000 — —

4,050 6 4

10,151 8 10

7,023 10 6

5,700 — 3

2,977 14 8

1,593 7 6

3,327 10 —

2,808 15 —

2,297 14 1

7,275

6,832 10 2

7,303 ID 6

13,932 14 11

6,720 6 10

1,960 11 6

7,000 —

15,228 17 8

9,444 8,099 3 4

11 8

3,102 17 2

11,220 14 2

6,162 16 —

12,082 17 6

’ 7,319 1 8

6,934 15 . —

«>9!5 18 4

4,170 16 8

1,733 4 —

14,838 3 6

10,655 — 10

9,36i 1 8

13,700 — —

1,910 16 3

20,305 15 7

6,500 — —

10,000 — —

8,926 7 8

T*

Tenth Report on Public Accounts,

TVnth

rt

on Public Act CuUiiLb.

610

Dates of Warrants.

i"7y- September 8th.

June 2d.

August 25th. October 12th. 21ft.

November 6th.

17th.

1779* February 3d.

July 8th. March 10th.

April 28th. May 6th. June qth.

23d. July 8 th. 16th. August 28th. October 15th. July 8th.

15‘h.

November 24th.

1780. January 26th. *779. February 3d.

March 22d. April 9th.

28 th.

June 17 th. 23d. July 8th. 1 5th. 28th. August 4th. 20th. 25th. October 15th. November 6th.

17th.

December oth.

15th.

August 13th.

2° Juld.

To MeiTrs. Mason and Whitelock, upon Account of their Contract to deliver Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York, &c. -To The! Ilazleuoed, Esquire, upon Account of his Contraft to deliver Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces at New York, &c.

To James Bogle French, Esquire, upon Account of his Contraft for the like -

To John Mulon, upon Account, to enable him to carry on his Contraft for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1779 -To D°, for D# Service - -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D° Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Geo. Browne, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions sent for victualling the Forces in Senegambia -To D®, for D® Service - -

To Mdfi s. Fitzhugh, Smith, and Holliday, on Account of their Contraft, to deliver into Stores at Corke, Provisions for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America -To D®, for Provisions delivered into Stores at D°

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To James Hughes, Esquire, on Account of a Contraft made by Jacob Jordan with Lieut. General for the Service

of the Provision Train, in the Year 1777 -To Rob' Adair, Esquire, on Account of sundry Stores that are to be sent to North America, for the Use of the Hospitals at New York and Georgia -

To D®, to pay Hospital Allowance to the Dragoons, Marching Regiments, and Militia -

To D°, to satisfy Bills that are or may be drawn upon him, for the Pay of extraordinary Surgeons and Surgeons Mates serving in the ceded Islands -

To D®, for D® Service -

To MeflTrs. Harley and Drummond, upon Account, to be by them applied and vested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Service of the Forces in North America ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To I)*, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D* Service - -

To Col. Sam'Tcrwnshend, Inspector General* and Superintendent

of the Recruiting Service, upon Account, to enable him to satisfy such Bills that are or may be drawn upon him for the Pay of divers Stall’ Officers employed in sundry Places on that Service -

A. 1783.

0C* s. d.

4,500-----

2,250-----

2,100-----

20.000 -

20.000 -

10.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

10,000

J9.*93

4,176

21,683

12,792

7.451

L950

9,961

59

6

8

5

14

11

7

10

11

4

6

3,000----

1,800-----

1,200-----

1,500-----

2,000-----

74,834 4 4 n,977 15 7 49,050 9 2 200,000-----

30.000 -

20.000 -

62,778 19 9 31,489 7 3

4,200-----

82,115 16 11 27,264 15 3

43,383 9 3 76,002 12 6

20.000 -

93,550 2 11

43,483 18 3 35,748 13 10

352,705 12 7 42,154 — 5 212,287 4 —

25.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

2,000 —

To

23 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

2° Ju

1779* -April 26th. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for

Bills drawn by the under-mentioned Persons; viz.

Patrick

August 20th.

October 20th.

April 26th.

May 29 th.

August 20th.

October 20th.

1780. January 12th.

1779. April 26th.

1780. January 12th.

1779. April 26th.

May 29th.

October 20th.

April 26th.

October 20th.

1780. January 12th.

1779. April 26th.

May 29th.

April 26th.

August 20th.

April 26th.

May 29th.

August 20th.

October 20th.

April 26th.

August 20th.

October 20th.

April 26th.

October 20th.

May 29th.

1780.

1779*

1780. 1779*

August 20th. October 20th.

January 12th. June 1 ith.

August 20th.

January 12 th.

17

August 20th. October 20th.

Patrick Tonyn 6 Bills - -

D® - 2 D® . - - - . -

D® - 3 D® - m - -

William Try 2 D® - -

Robert Gordon 5 D® - - - r -

D® - 2 D® - - - . _ - .

D® - 4d® - . -

D® - 4 D" -

D® - - 2 D® -

Richard Hughes - 1 D® - -

D* - 3 D® - -

Lord Macartney - ro D® -

D® - 3 D® -

D® - 48 D® - -

Frederick Haldimand, 12 D® -

D® - 4 D® - - - - .

D® - 38 D® - - - m -

John Clarke - 9«® -

D® - 6 D® - -

John Campbell 12 D® - - m -

D® - 2 D® - -

Valentine Morris - 13 I># -

D® - 1 D® - - - - .

D® - 7 D® - - - - . - -

D® - - - 2 D® - - - .

William Faucitt - 3 D® -

D® - . - 12 D® -

D® - 1 D® - - - m

Peter Chester 6 D® - - - .

D® - 2 D® - -

D® - 1 D® - - - m -

Josiah Martin 1 D® - - m -

Philip Calbeck 1 D® -

James Murray 5D® -

D® - 2 D® -

D® - 1 D® - - - _ - .

D® - 1 D® - -

D® - 3 D" -

Dadd Hay - 2 D® - - - m

Robert Pringle 1 D® -

Wm M. Burt 1 D® -

John Dalling 2 D® -

D® - 1 D® -

A. Precost - 1 D® - - - .

Andrew Raimford - 1 D® -

D® - 2 D® -

George Young 2 D® -

Thomas Shirley 1 D® -

John Stuart - 1 D® - - - m -

D® - 1 D® -

1780. April nth.

March 23d. May 24th. June 28th. August 25th. March 20th.

April 11th.

29th. June 2d.

March 10th. April 19 th.

To Mcflrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, upon Account, for

Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford and elsewhere in the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces in Nova Scotia,

and in the Island of Newfoundland....

To D°, for D° Service - -

To D®, for D° Service - .

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, fof D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - - - - -'

To D®, for D® Service, for the Forces serving in West Florida To D®, for D° Service -

To D®, for D®, to the Civil Branch of Ordnance at Pensacola, &c. to 30th September 1779 -

611

£. s. d.

Vo l.

13,266

6,743

4»38o

1,500

5.000

2.000

4.000

4,395

2.000

397

U432

2,950

800

15,750

4,366

2,250

18,566

i,350

524

5.000 2,456 6,606

200

3.908

510

510

2,910

180

3,997

392

250

500

401

i,750

300

300

1.000 834

63

4i

683

1.049

250

1.050

1,946

400

626

200

1,191

2,862

14,097

6,243

22,439

21,848

8,236

15 —

3 4

— 10

7 4

11 4f

15 1

5 —

5 — 5 2i

2 8

14 6 18 7

— 9

7 2 14 8

3 10

19 —

18 6 16 5

16 5

2 7

15 10

5 2

19 10

8 9 14 9 11 —

2 8

3 —

7,500-----

11,894 11 — 3,191 12 9 29,256 12 19,162 19

4,047

807

9,060

19,801

5

3

1

7

5

2

10

9

5

5

6,116 12 5

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

612

Dates of Warrants.

1780. June 19th.

July 8th.

2d.

August 3d.

13th-April 19th.

August 3d. March 23d.

April 6th.

11th. May 24th. July 8th. February nth.

March 20th.

April 11th;

29th. May 20th.

July 8th. August 3d. 11th. February 2 2d.

2° Julii.

April 6th. May 19th. June 28th. April 16th.

February 11th.

29 th.

April 11th.

May 24th. June 2d. March 23d.

April 1 ith. May 19th. 24th. July 8th. April 14th.

January 24th.

February 22d. May 12th.

To MsITrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Troops at Redcliffs, Penlacola, and Mobillc, to 24th December 1779; and for D® condemned at Pcnfacola to 5th July 1779 -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Deptford, c. for the Use of the Forces in Nova Scotia -

To D®, for D® issued to the Troops in Nova Scotia, between 3d November 1779 and 18th April 1780 - -

To D°, for Provisions condemned in West Florida, between 18th November 1779 and 20th January 1780 -

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces at St. John’s, &c. to 18th

May 1780 . ....

To Rolf Maytie, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Store Houses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and East Florida ——

To D®, for D® Service.....-

To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for the like Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - .

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Sir lVm Janies, Smith, Baynes, and , upon Account,

for Provisions delivered at Quebec, for the Use of the Forces there ——

To Sir lVm James', Smith, Roberts, and Atkinson, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Store Houses at Deptford, for the Use of the Forces at Quebec To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions deli-cered into Stores at Deptford, for the Use of the Forces serving in The West Indies -

To Ditto, for Ditto Sercice -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Tho’ Hazlexcood, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Store Houses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and East Florida ——

To George Brozimc, Esquire, for the Balance of an Account of Provision, &c. fumished by him to the Garrison of Gorec -

To D®, for sundry Goods shipped for the Use of the Troops at

D* - ....

To James Bogle French, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York, and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and East Florida -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Messrs. Mason and Whitelock, upon Account, for the like Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - .

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Mefi'rs. Smith, Fitzhugh, and Poxcis, upon Account, for the

like Service.....-

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Melfrs. Harley and Drummond, upon Account, to be by them applied and invested in the Purchase of Spanish und Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America ——

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

i5>773 13 9* 1,222 1 3

27,750 5 6 623 17 6 2,194 — 7

17,178 — 11 i7,3yo 9 n

9,821 12 6

199 15 6

3, H3 5 — 16,846 17 6

2,874 18 3

316 2 11

64,856 13 26,500 — 5,o°9 3 7,408 8 18,015 5

34,885 9

77,751 — 35,944 7

34,593 8

10

2

8

7

10

4

10

10,480 1 G

18,477 13 2 8,399 17 3 4, H'3 5 10

10,829-----

3,505 8 5 1,936 3 10

5,459 10 — 3,374 15 2

i,274 13 7

3,421 7 6

13,398 18 9 1,902 7 o

1,063 11 3

i,7S6 5 —

24,156 1 0 14,751 12 6

160,658 16 5 114,870 15 3 20,000-----

To

23 Geo. III.

2° Julii.

6i$

Dates of Warrants.

1780. May 26th.

To Messrs. Harley and Drummond, upon Account, to be by them applied and invested in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -.----

To ditto, for ditto Service - - -

To Rob' Adair, Esquire, upon Account of sundry contingent Difourfements for Hospitals -

To 1)*, for U* Service -

To D°, to answer Bills that are of may be drawn upon him for the Pay of Surgeons Mates -

February 15th. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of sundry Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz.

June 28th.

July 20th. 27th. August 5 th. September 30th. October 19th. April 7th.

August 4th.

William Stuart, Esquire - - - 7 Bills

Evan Mackawrin, Esquire - - - 1 ditto

Valentine Morris, Esquire -

James Murray, Esquire -Patrick Tonyn, Esquire

George Etherington, Esquire

April 12th. j0 , Graham, Esquire

Ixird Macartney Andrew Rainsford and C® -James Murray, Esquire - - - 9

A. Prevost, Esquire - - - - 6

Brameand Collett - - - - 1

George Fall, Esquire - - - 1

' John Dalling, Esquire 7

D*.....- 7

June lft. James Murray, Esquire 10

Joseph Graham, Esquire - - - 9

John Dalling, Esquire - - - 8

Valentine Morris, Esquire 5

S. Abuderham ----- 2

A leaf Cameron, Esquire 3

And" Rainsford, . Esquire, and C* - 2

July 8th. . Philip Calbeck, Esquire - - 1

James Rooke, Esquire - - - 1

Andrew Rainsford, Esquire - . - 3

G. A. Eliott, Esquire 2

William Faucitt, Esquire 2

James Muir ay, Esquire - - -14

Valentine Morris, Esquire 2

John Dalling, Esquire - - - 15

John Campbell, Esquire 3

March 20th. To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, upon

Provisions sent by him for the Supply of Minorca -

July 20th. To D°, for D* Service ——

21ft. To D*, being the Balance of his Account, for Beef sent to Minorca, from 21st December 1773 to 30th September 1780 June 23d. To Sir George Wombwell, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 17th January and 12th March 1780, upon Account -

July 19th. To Mr. Maton, upon Account, for furnishing Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces encamped 1779 26th. To George Leonard, on Account of Monies expended by him in fitting out and employing sundry armed and other Vessels in North America, &c. - -.

August 5th. To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, late Governor of Senegambia, towards the farther Payment of his contingent Disbursements for the Use of that Province June 28th. To Simon Fraser, the Balance of an Account due to him for Forage, Wood, and Straw, in 1778 -

fj* s» d*

336,414 2 6

145,147 19 8 62,773 15 4

50,000-----

100,000-----

111,987 11 i33,79i 8 250,000 —

11

9

tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto tto

tto -Account, for the Garrison of

2.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 — — 1

1,643

200

U348

421

4,000

10,972

1,054

2,500

474

1,642

2,300

2,712

450

3,875

5,671

1,887

1,519

2,762

882

1,157

2,831

7, M7

137

455

716

9,665

540

8,427

343

19,130

4,407

5 i

5 4

17 3

4 2

19 zf

18 —

19 7*

6 4

8 6 11 4f 19 3*

11 4

12 — 7 10

4 5 10 5

7 — 19 — io 8

12 8

16 2

5 —

13 3 7 6

14,000----

6,000-----

4*254 13 6

8,39* 9 6 1,300----

2,000----

2,dob-----

14,665 12 5

Vol. 9.

7R

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

14

a* Julii.

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

June 19th; To Render Mourn, Esquire, on Account, for Provisions sent by him to St. Augustine, and ordered from thence to Georgia -

15th. To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, and Out Posts, between 25th June and 24th October 1779 - -

July 20th. To D*, for victualling D*, between 24th February and 3d April

1780....

August 3d. To D°, for D#, between 25th October 1779 and 23d February 1780....

Carry forward - -

Chet Bembridge,

Accountant.

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

6,694 10 2

4M47 3 6

00 17 6

10 h CO 10 1

8,795,39! !5 7

4

TT

A continued LIST of His Majesty’s Warrants, paid at the Paymaster General’s Office, to the 6th of May

1783, to sundry Persons, to be by them accounted for.

Dates of Warrants. 1780. November 13th.

December 7th. November 13 th.

November lft. October 24th.

November 13 th.

28th.

June 19th. August 29th. November 13th.

6th.

24th.

December 13th.

29th.

1781. January loth.

1780.

15th. May 29th.

Brought forward -

To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. John’s, and its Dependencies, in Newfoundland, between the 13th of May and 28th July 1780, and for Provisions condemned at St.John’s the 21st July 1780 -

To D*, for Provisions delivered to the Forces at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 19th April and 13th June 1780 -To Rob' Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Store Houses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York, and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and East Florida -To John Durand, Esquire, upon Account, for the like Service -To Sir Wm James, Smith, Roberts, and Atkinson, upon Account of Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, for the Use of the Forces at Quebec -To D°, for D* delivered at D", and near Deptford, for D° Service -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, upon Account of Provisions delivered into Stores at Deptford, for the Use of the Forces serving in the West Indies -

To D°, for D° Service -

To Geo. Broome, Esquire, for sundry Goods Chipped for the Use of the Troops -at Goree -

To D*, for Wine and other Articles furraflied and ftiipped for the Service of the Garrison of Goree -To Ke^der Mason, Esquire, for Provisions delivered to the Out Posts dependant on the Garrison of St Augustine, between 25th October 1779 and 24th April 1780, and for Provisions condemned by long keeping -

To Mefirs. Harley and Drummond, upon Account, to be by them invested in the Purchase of Spanhh and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America -To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Sqfvice -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - - - .

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service for the Forces in the W7eft Indies

JO- s. d. 8,795,39! 15 7-rr

1,563 5 — 4,534 19 2

452 10 —

2,364 7 6

12,045 18 9

4,122 16 3

19,362 4

2,601 18 —

2,014 3 9

2,957 6 9

i,9°7 16 8

286,582 5 7

149,012 13 6

154,480 18 9

110,712 12 3

3/2,950 15 7

12,976 1 11

82,101 7 3

75,oooo — —

16,000 — —

To

a® Jtilii.

23 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants*

1780. November 17th.

June 21ft.

December 8th. 15th.

1

' 8th.

March 20th. September 15th.

November 7th.

December 7th.

December 14th.

1781. January 16th.

26th.

1780. December 21 ft.

1781. August 31st.

Treasury Directions*

January 27th.

Vo l59.

To Messrs. Gore and C®, upon Account of Contingencies for the . Brunswick Troops -

To Rob' Adair, Esquire, to enable him to pay the Monthly Hospital Allowance to the Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry encamped ——

To D®, which, with the Sum of 1,500l. per Warrant of 16th January 1778,1,500l. per Warrant of 24th November 1779, and 2,000l. per Warrant of 7th April last, in full Satisfaction for the Contingent Disbursements for the Sick of the Army, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1780 -To D®, which, with the Sum of 2,000l. per Warrant of 8th June 1778, and 1,200l. per Warrant of 15th July 1779, make in full for the Hospital Allowance of the Army for the Years 1778 and 1779 - -

To D®, which, with the Sum of 2,000 /. per Warrant of 20th March 1778, and 2,000 /. per Warrant of 26th January last, make in full for the Pay of several Surgeons Mates in the ceded Islands, &c. from the 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1779 " -

To John Maton, upon Account of Bread, Forage, Wood, and

Straw, provided for the Forces encamped last Summer -To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz.

JVm Fauci tt, Esquire - - - 11 Bills -

John Dulling, Esquire - - 13 ditto -

D® ----- - 14 ditto -

James Murray, Esquire - 7 ditto -

A. Pretost, Esquire - 1 ditto -

Patrick Tonyn, Esquire - 1 ditto -

Thomas Brawn, Esquire - 2 ditto -

To D®, for D® drawn by the following Persons; viz.

William Faucitt, Esquire 2 Bills -

John Campbell, Esquire - - - 15 ditto -

John Dalling, Esquire - - - 4 ditto -

George Augustus Eliott, Esquire - 1 ditto -

Alexander Cameron, Esquire - - 4 ditto -

George Adams, Esquire 3 ditto -

Thomas Browne, Esquire - - 1 ditto -

To D®, for D* drawn by the following Persons j viz.

Peter Chester, Esquire - - - 17 Bills -

Jo. Graham, Esquire 7 ditto -

Fred* Haldimand, Esquire - - 9 ditto -

Right honourable Geo. Augf Esquire 3 ditto -

To D®, for D® drawn by the following Persons; viz.

Andrew Rains ford and In‘ Camp Esquires, 3 Bills - -

John Dalling, Esquire - - 21 ditto - -

Andrew Rainsford, Esquire 3 ditto - -

To D®, for D* drawn by the following Persons; viz.

John Campbell, Esquire - - - 72 Bills - -

Dan! Mc Neil, Esquire - 2 ditto - -

To D®, for D® drawn by the following Person6; viz.

Jrt Campbell, Esquire - - - 22 Bills - -

Val. Morris, Esquire - - - . 2 ditto - -

R‘ Pringle, Esquire ... 5 ditto - -

To Col. Sam1 Townskend, being the Balance due to him on Account of the Recruiting Service, ending 24th June

1780....

To the Representatives of Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, for victualling Prisoners amongst the Rebels in the Provinces of Pensylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, between 5th January 1777 and 24th April 1778 -

To Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to be by them remitted to Gibraltar, for the Subsistence of the Forces there -To D®, for the Forces at Minorca -

D®, on Account of D®, for the Forces there -

£. s. d.

2,600-----

Tenth

Report on Public Accounts,

2,000 — —

57' 12 3

825 13 —

303 4 — 8,500-----

2,560 6 4 12,807 3 3

9*517 2 10

3.'34 8 4

3.000 — —

2.000 -

500-----

530-----

5.364 3 — 3,000-----

8,137 10 — 2,314 13 6

1,437 9 ~ 536 6 5

2,863 19 2

1,004 12 1

5,850-----

8,473 10 4

1,907 12 u£

46,335 1 4*

659 3 3

18,194 3 9 858 8 —

7,273 8 4

430-----

2,35i 16 —

2,260 2 10

1,892 2 3

15,555 6 2 2,915 10 6 2,937 11 10

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

616

Dates of Warrants.

1781. March 22d.

May 21ft.

25th.

June 18th. March 2 2d.

28th.

May 25th. August 18th.

February 23d.

May lft.

June lft. July 26th.

August 10th. September 3d. November 9th. February 23d.

April 9th.

May 3d. June lft.

27th. February 23d.

April 9th. May 18th. June 22d.

July 26th. September 3d.

29th. February 23d.

May 3d.

a* Julii.

'To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions delivered at Halifax, for the Use of the Forces there -To ditto, for ditto issued in the Garrison of Placentia, between 2d December 1779 and 2d August 1780 " -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into Storehouses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in Nova Scotia, &c.

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto, for ditto serving in Newfoundland -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto, for ditto serving in Nova Scotia, &c. - -

To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions delivered to sundry Transports, for the Troops at Pensacola and Mobille, for the Use of the Indians, and for Provisions remaining in Store at Pensacola, between 23d December 1779 a°d 25th April 1780 -

To ditto, for ditto issued for the Use of the Women and Children at Pensacola, and for Provisions purchased and issued for the Troops at Manohae, Baton Rouge, and Natcher, between 25th June and 21st September 1779 -To ditto, for ditto delivered into Storehouses at Cowes, for the Use oil the Forces serving in West Florida -To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered and supplied the Forces in West Florida - -

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, Bahama, and Jamaica -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Forces serving in ditto -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - ....

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Corke, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Cowes, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To Ant’ Richardson, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into Store Houses at Cowes, for ditto Service ——

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Corke, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Cowes and Corke, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at ditto, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Cowes, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered into ditto at Corke, for ditto Service -To Will" Mills, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions delivered into Stores at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving at Nova Scotia, St. John’s, and Penobfcot ——

To ditto, for ditto issued to the Forces at Redcliffe, to 7th February 1780; for ditto supplied an Hospital Surgeon, and for ditto issued to the Troops at Mobille and Pensacola, to 24th April 1780 - ....

A. 1783.

£ s. d.

7,870 6 7

766-----

20,074 8 10 14,466 18 8

4,435 15 o 8,367 18 6

19»570 16 3

1,782 — 9

24,386 1 4

2,203 5 11 3A50----

1,172 13 10

3,000 — —

3,728 5 5

3,363 15 —

1,353 9 8

2,011 10 4

3,728 7 5

2,068 16 —

3,250 14 6

3,723 7 2

362 10 —

310 9 2

6,000 —

12,684 7 2

14,017 14 6

6,199 J5 2 7,932 5 6

1,148 19 — 5,196 7

4,000-----

6,206 5 4 2,185 11 6 6,423 3 10 2,051 14 — 6,429 18 10 6,437 4 — i,7i7 16 8

5,000-----

3,026 19 4 T»

2® Julii

23 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1781. February 23d*

April 12 th.

May 11th. June 27th.

July 26th.

November 9th. February 23d.

March 28th. April 9th.

May 25th. June tit. 27th. July 17 th. August loth. September 29th. November 20th. February 23d.

March 28th. May lft.

25th. June 18th.

2 2d. July 26th. February 23d.

„ April 9th.

May 3d.

ift.

21ft.

25th. June 22d.

27th. July 5th.

26th.

August 10th. Sepember 3d. November 9th. February 23d.

June 27th.

July 26th. February 23d.

July 5th. September 3d.

29th.

Vol. 39.

To Edu* Leads, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, Eait Florida, Bermuda, Bahama, and Jamaica To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Rob' Mayne, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, and Bahama -To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To ditto for ditto Service -

To John Durand, F.squire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To Sir JVm James, Baronet, Smith, Roberts, and , by way

of Imprest, and upon Account of their Contract to deliver Provisions and Stores at Cowes, and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Waterford, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at limerick, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Waterford, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Waterford, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Waterford, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Waterford, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service.

To ChristrPotter, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service - . -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To Lawrence Cox, Esquire, by way of Imprest and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

7 S

j£. s. d.

Tenth Hep- rt on Public Account*.

4,000-----

3.575 2 11

3,099 1 6

126-----

3.583 7 5 3,268 6 8 11,071 — 8 3,555 12 n 3.177 8 9

1,894 16 8

6,212 15 4 1,899 12 9

1,937 5 — 6,366 15 4

280-----

6,423 15 11 3,154 18 7

2,734 n 8 547 10 4

4,000----

7,909 10 4

9,315 17 3 1,011 13 6

4,287 3 —

5,3i7 9 4 1,968 12 10 1,641 15 4

15,000 — —

22,870 5 8

8,341 13 4

5,148 11 8

11,532 2 4

8,013 15 6

8,852 2 3

11,494 8,254 8 4

8 —

8,376 1 6

839 15 7

3,433 13 11

8,662 10 —

20,260 16 8

1,010 21,693 12 6

15 4

15,233 — 3

1,508 17 —

4,032 10 6

1,641 3

1,000 3,086 _

14 2

1,118 12 6

3.658 6 8

1,000 — —

3 127 9 10

i,530 16 10

1,39* 19 2

1,812 14 7

To

Trrth Hi port on Public Accounts.

618

Dates of Warrants.

17S1. February 23d.

April 9th. May 25th. June lft. 27th.

July 26th.

November 9th.

20 th.

April 27th.

February 23d.

April 9th. June 1 8th. July 5th. 2t)tll.

September 24th. February 23d.

February 23d.

April 9th. May 18th. 25th. 27th. July 17th. 26 th.

February 23d.

May 1 ft. 3d-

25th. June 27th. July 12th. November 9th.

February 28 lb.

23d.

April 9th. May 3d. l l tli.

31st. June 7th. July 12th. 26 th.

September 29th.

20 Julii.

To Geo B> men, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Accobnt

of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, Bahama, and Jamaica To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service ->

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service *

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

To Rob' Dann, Esquire, for victualling the Garrison of Fort James in the River Gambia, from 17th April to 30th June 1778, and from lft August 1778 to 13th February 1779; and for victualling the Master and Crew of the Sloop Little Will, from the 14th to 28th February 1779 -

To James Bogle French, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, and Bahama To ditto, for ditto Service ---- To ditto, for ditto Service - - - *

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To John Maton, Esquire, in further Advance on Account of

Bread, &c. furnisheii for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1779 ' ....

A. 1783.

£. s.

4,000-----

3.57i 16 4

483 1 8 3,805 11 4

2,284 16 —

519 *5 —

140-----

11,808 15 4 3,570 10 8 2,3*7 *9 2 1,976 11 3

644 3 2

1,077-----

1,500 —

3.326 5 7

2.326 7 1

4,563 8 2 1,743 *6 4

834 17 4

290-----

To A’aider Mason, Esquire, byway of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North and South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, and Bahama -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

1,000-----

i,549 10 3 3,io8 16 5 1,219 1 —

1,53b 18 — 238 1 6

216 13 3

To John Whitelock, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account

for the same Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

1,500-----

2,336 6 7

2,110 3 6

2,803 13 6

2,335 15 *

L394 3 —

815 8 3

To Messrs. Smith, Fitzhugh, and for Provisions delivered

into Stoics at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia and East Florida

To Messrs. BenjnSmith, Wm Fitzhugh, and Richard Peacock, by

way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces at New York and its Dependencies -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

2,356 5

- - 1 -2,000 — —

- - 18,717 8 1

- a. 15,188 6 —

- - l,8l8 *3 4

- - 12,721 11 4

- 1,976 5 —

- 2,272 — 10

- - 12,740 14 8

' *3,49* 11 11

To

a 3 Geo. III. 2° Julii.

Dates of Warrants.

1781. November 9th. To Messrs. Benjamin Smith, William and Richard

Peacock, by way of Imprelt, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered into Stores at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces at New York and its Dependencies -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service December 5th. To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

619

£ d.

1,489 5 10

10,500-----

3.338 — 6

1782.

1781.

1782.

August 10th. To Messrs. James Kempt and Son, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for supplying Bread, Forage, Straw, and Firing, to the Troops encamped the Summer 1781 in North

Britain - - - 2,000 — —

February 13th. To Messrs. Harley and Drummond, upon Account, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America - -- 22fl, fcl 6 1 15 2

28th. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 156,213 6 5

5th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 27,401 18 3

To ditto, for ditto Service - 13.300 7 1

March -i 2th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 6,136 r> D /

May 2ilt. To ditto, for ditto Service - 174,104 5 5

June 18th. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - - - 73.882 11 8

To ditto, for ditto Service - . - - - 19,060 *7 1

July 16 th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 100,000 — —

To ditto, for ditto Service - 50,000 — —

5 th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 139.474 — 5

August 8th. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 33,836 11

10th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 154,161 1

To ditto, for ditto Service - 35.036 1 9

23d. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 70,538 19 5

September 24th. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 79,406 10 9

To ditto, for ditto Service - 23,920 11 9

To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 14,785 — —

October 19th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 94,213 12 i

November 9th. To ditto, for ditto Service - 46,553 2 6

To ditto, for ditto Service - - md - - - - 5,360 — , —

20tll. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - - - - 71,741 17 —

December 2(>tli. To ditto, for ditto Service - - - . m - 571,194 — 8

January 25th. To ditto, for ditto Service - mi - di - - 107,576 15 6

To ditto, for ditto Service - - -; 42,320 — —

To ditto, for ditto Service - - - - 35,347 18 6

1781. May loth.

July 26th. March 2d.

May 16 th.

September 5th.

26 th.

December 19th. May 15th.

25th.

December 19th.

To Major General Rainsford, to be by him paid over to futrdry Regiments on Account of their extra Duty, Fatigue, and Expence, during the Tumults in London and Westminster, in the Year 1780 - - - -- - i

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinsm, for the Balance on Account for Three several Contracts for Ram delivered to the Troops in America - - - - ....

To Rub' Adair, Esquire, on Account, for sundry contingent Expences for Hospitals, &c.

To ditto, for the Pay of extra Surgeons and Mates in the West Indies ——

To ditto, for the Hospital Allowance to the Regiment of Dragoons, Foot, and Militia, during their Encampment 1781 To ditto, for sundry Disbursements for Hospitals -

To ditto, which, with the Sum of 1,000l. per Warrant of 4th August 1780, and 1,000l. per Warrant of 7th March 1781, is in full Satisfaction for his contingent Diflburfetnent for the Sick of the-Army, from 25th June 1780 to 24th June

1781 - - - - ....

To ditto, on Account, for sundry contingent Expences of Hospitals -

To Richard Eduards, Esquire, Governor of Newfoundland, on Account of Subsistence of a Corps of Troops raised for the Service of said Island -

To James Bogle French, and others of the African Committee, upon Account, towards the Expence of Victualling a Detachment of Troops lent to Africa -

To Audi ew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks of Plymouth Dock -

413 11 4

24,767 18 —

1,000 -

1,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,315 11 G

1.000 — —

700-----

3.000 — —

500-----

Vgl. 39.

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Account*

620

2" Julii.

A. 1783.

'Dates of Warrants.

1781. October 2d.

1782. January 2d.

1781. June lft.

February 6th.

I3th-

April 30th.

May 12 th.

19th.

July 5th. 6th.

28 th.

November 20th.

December 20th.

To Lieut Governor Irwin*, on Account of Money expended in s. d.

supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 10th October 1770 - . 1,500 -

To D®, for D® Service, to 9th October 1781 - - - 2,500 — — -

To John Balchen West, Esquire, to enable him to pay Bills drawn to defray the Expences of building a Gaol, and other Services, in the Province of Georgia ---- 5,000 ,

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Discharge of Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz. Frederick Haldimand, Esquire - - 17 Bills in 9,182 10

George Ferguson Esquire 20 D® - - - 1,178 16 3

Jcf Graham, Esquire - 2 D® - - 154 —

To D®, for the like Services; viz.

John Dolling, Esquire - 5l>® - - - 18,488 13 7f

Frederick Haldim, Esquire - - 4 D® - - *» 5,550 — —

James Murray, Esquire - - 4d® - - - 59° — —

R. Edwards, Esquire - 1 D® - - - 595 8 11

G. A. Eliott, Esquire - 5 D® - - - 9,000 — —

Andrew Rainsjord, Esquire - 3 D® - - - 2,226 19 3i

To D#, for the like Services; viz.

Valentine Morris, Esquire 4 D® - - - 1,079 14 — .

Andrew Rainsjord, Esquire - 6 D® - - - 702 ^9 10

G. A. Eliott, Esquire - 10 D® - - 16,163 3 6

John Dalling, Esquire - 8 D® - - - 16,383 *7 2

Janies Murray, Esquire - - 4 D® - - - 733 2 4

To D®, for the like Service; viz.

John Campbell, Esquire - - 45 Bills - - 6,484 I 4

Alexander Cameron, Esquire - 7 D® - - 4,451 10 10

Peter Chester, Esquire - 9 D® - 1,746 4 10

Richard Hughes, Esquire - 1 D® - - - 102 17 6

To D°, for the like Service; viz.

Peter Chester, Esquire - 5 Bills m - 95i 7 4

G. A. Eliott, Esquire - 6 D® - - - 6,754 10 10

George Ferguson, Esquire - it D® - - m i,i55 16 2

D® - 17 D® - - - 1,282 — —

John Campbell, Esquire - - 14 D® - - - 2,233 10 3

Richard Hughes, Esquire - 3 D® - - - 929 19 1

To D*, for the like Service; viz.

John Stuart, Esquire - i4 Bills - - 16,938 — 3

William Faucitt, Esquire - - 9 D® - - - 2,330 — —

To the D®, for the like Service; viz.

Patrick Tonyn, Esquire - - 1 Bill - 12,533 3 5

G. A. Eliott, Esquire - 3 D® - - - 962 10 —

James Murray, Esquire - - 3 D® - - - 1,356 7 8

To the D®, for the like Services; viz.

William Faucitt, Esquire - - 3 Bills - 830 — —

John Dalling, Esquire - to D® - - - 45,762 2 3

G. A. Eliott, Esquire - 5 D® - - - 4,500 — r

James Murray, Esquire - - 5 D® - - - 2,010 — 8

To the D®, for the like Service; viz.

John Campbell, Esquire - - 12 Bills m 13,381 1 3

James Murray, Esquire - - 11 D® - m m 5,1*3 6 5

D° - 4D® - m - 979 13 7

Thomas Browne, Esquire - - 2 D® - - - 600 — —

To the D®, for the like Service; viz. 10,566

Fred* Haldimand, Esquire m 19 Bills . - 5 —

John Dalling, Esquire - 4 D® - - m 17,984 19 7

G. A. Eliott, Esquire 3D® - - - 2,050 — —

John Peter, Esquire - 1 D® - - 25 19 4

Val. Morris, Esquire - 1 D® - - - 162 17 —

WillmFaucitt, Esquire - 9 D® - - - 2,075 — —

J' Wright - - - - 12 D® - - - 3,029 5 —

To the D®, for the like Service; viz.

Thomas Browne, Esquire - - 2 Bills - - 1,354 17 3

J. Wall, Esquire - - 2 D® - - - 1,724 10 11

Jit Campbell, Esquire - 19 D® - - 3,077 17 7-1

D® - 28 D® - - - 3,628 9 1

Peter Chester, Esquire - - 4 D® - - - 751 16 3i

To

23 Geo. III.

Bates of Warrants.'

V Julii.

1782. January 12th. To, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in

Discharge of Bills drawn by the following Persons; viz.

G. A. Eliott Sir Richard Hughes

John Hailing, Esquire

J(f Graham, Esquire

George Ferguson, Esquire Fredk Haldimand, Esquire . - D® -

James Murray, Esquire -John Campbell, Esquire -D® -

John Hailing, Esquire -To D®, for the like Service', viz.

George Ferguson, Esquire

D" - . -

John Hailing, Esquire -

John Campbell, Esquire -Jet Rooke, Esquire

1781.

Pursuant to Treasury Direct ions.

To Sir Horace Man's Bill, dated 9th November 1781, on Account

Per Secretary at Wai's Letters.

1 Bill, dated 23d October 1781 - - - - 100 —

l D* - - 23d D* - - - 200 —

1 D® 9th November - - - 140 —

1 L>° - 9th D® - - - - 300 —

1 D° - - 23d October - - - - 300 —

1 D° - - 28th November - - - 360 —

1 D° - - 28th D® - - - - 240 —

1 D° - - 18th December - - - - 500 —

1 D® - - 18th D" - - - 400 —

1 D® - - 18th D® - - - - m — - 350 —

1 D® - - 18th D® - - - 300 —

1 D® - 18th D® - - - - 170 —

1 D® - - 18th D® - - - - . 280 —

To D®, by the following Bills, dated 3d December 1781, on

Account of D°:

1 Bill 206 —

1 D° 600 —

1 D® 500 —

1 D® 400 —

1 D® 300 —

1780. March 22d.

1781. March 12th.

June 22d.

To John Paioell, Esquire, on the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto Service

Account of Fuel purchased for

Dates of Warrants.

1782. March 25th.

To MefTrs. Hrummond, Franks, and Nesbitt, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for delivering into Stores Provisions for the Forces serving in America; also for Re-exchange and Interest on Eleven Bills drawn on them and returned for Non-payment -

To Mefl'rs. Stephenson and Blackbw'n, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in Nova Scotia, the Island of St. John, and Newfoundland -To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

13th. To ditto, for ditto Service -

25th. To ditto, for ditto issued to the Forces in Welt Florida February ill. To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, by way of Impreli, and on Account of his Contraft for delivering Provisions into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands - - - ‘. -

621

S.

- - 1 Bill - - 350 — - —

- - 2 D° - - - 246 4 —

- - 1 D® - - - 125 — —

- - 2 D® - - - 133 1 6

- 2 D® - - 232 1 2

- 9d® - - 4,750 — —

- 3 D* - - - 882 10 —

- ‘ - 2 D® - - - 360 4 1

- - 24 D® - - - 4,232 14 11

- - 13 D® - - - 2,581 15 10

- - 2 D® - - - 800 —

25 Bills m 4,520 — 5

- - 11 D® - - - 2,783 — —

- - 5 D® - - - 18,090 16 11'

- - 14 D" - - - 3,948 7 11

- - 1 D® - - - 40 12 —

l60----

3,000 — - —

4,500-----

20,000 -

34,751 14 3

15,053

11,123

2,604

2,400

2,232

1,646

15

12

18

18

16

7 2 1

9

8 6

Vol. 39.

7 T

2,500 — —

To

Tenth Report on PuMie Accounts.

6iz

z* Julii.

A. 1783.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. March 20th.

April 8th. February lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 25th. 20th.

February lft.

March 20th.

February lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 20th. February 25th.

lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 20th. February lft.

March 20th. 25th.

February lft.

March 20th. 25th. April 8th.

To R» V: Sadlier, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in Jamaica -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Anthony Richardson, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of his Contract for delivering into Stores at Corke and Cowes Provisions for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To JVm Milk, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contra6t for delivering Provisions into Stores at Cowes and Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada ——

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Edit/ Leivis, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contraft for delivering into Stores at Cowes and Corke Provisions for the Use of the Forces serving in America To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To Rob1 Moyne, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account, for the like Service .-----

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To Major Henniker, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account, for the like -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To John Durand, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contraft for delivering into Stores at Cowes and Corke Provisions for the Troops serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica ——

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Sir JV"James, Smith, Roberts, and Atkinson, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Waterford, for the Forces serving in Canada -

To ditto, by way of Imprest, and on Account of their Contract for ditto, delivered into ditto at Corke and Cowes, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To Christopher Potter, Esquire, and C°, by way of Imprest, and on Account of their Contract for delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke and Cowes, for the Forces serving in North and South Carolina -

To Lawrence Cox, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke and Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Geo. Brown, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for the like Service -

To Jet Bogle French, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke and Cowes, for the Forces in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica -

To ditto, for ditto Service - ....

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To Render Mason, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for delivering into Stores at Corke and Cowes Provisions for the Use of the Forces serving in America -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto serving in Canada -To ditto, for ditto for the Forces in East Florida, and for Provisions condemned, &c. ——

To John Whitelock, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contract for delivering into Stores at Corke and Cowes Provisions for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service - .

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

j^. s. d.

5,774 15 7

4,690 1 —

5,000-----

11,941 7 2 2,934 15 8

3,250-----

7,503 14 4 5,787 8

4,155 18 9

1,119 13 —

3.250 -

7,782 11 — 3,962 11 4

3.250 -

7,767 7 1

3.250 -

7,522 5 7

3,250-----

7,836 8 11 5,787 1 8

6,991 14 4

12,000-----

12,525 4 —

7,419-----

3,817 18 4

10,000-----

1,000-----

1,868 3 4

3,250 — —

1,250----

2,885 11 2,229 18

850-----

2,012 12 —

1,400 3 2

1,250-----

3,850 5 — 2,966 10 4 1,921 17 8

To

x

33 GEd.ni

Dates of Warrants.

2° Julii.

March 20th. February 25th.

1782. February lft. To Messrs. Benj Smith, Fitzkugh, and Rd Peacock, by way

of Imprest, and cm Accourtt of their Contract for delivering into' Stores at Corke and Cowes Provisions for the Forces serving in America -

20th. To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service lft. To JVm Devaynes, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and on Account of his Contraft for delivering into Stores at Corke and Cowes Provisions for the Forces serving in America -To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To MelTrs. Harley and Drummond, to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in America - -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

March 13th. To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

ift. To Rob. Adair, Esquire, on Account of sundry contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. -

22d. To Mr. Clinton, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces quartered in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -

28th. To Sir John Henniker, Baronet, JVm Milk, Wm Deoaynes, and John Scurry, El'quires, the Balance of their Account for furnishing Provisions for the Forces in North America, between 25th February 1777 and 18th March 1778 -

Pursuant to Treasury Di regions.

Dates of Warrants.

1782. March 4th.

2 2d.

February 26th.

March 16th.

To Lord Afountstuart’s Bills of Exchange, on Account of Supplies of Provisions for the Garrison of Minorca; viz.

Bills dated 16th January 1782 -

D° - - - 30th - D# - - D*....

D° - - - 2d February D* - -

D* - - - 9th - D* - - D*....

To Sir Horace Man's D°, on Account of D* Service; viz.

6 Bills, dated aid January 1782 -

7 D° - - - - 9th February D"

6 Sets of D*, 16th - D* - - D° -

1 D° - - - 22d January - D°

22d.

To Peter Chester, Esquire, Governor of West Florida, his Bill of Exchange in Favour of WmWilliams, and for Interest, &c.

To D°, D°, in Favour of Edward Forbes - - - .

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of Bills drawn by the following Persons: viz.

John Dalling, Esquire R.Edwards, Esquire Ja' Murray, Esquire To the D*, for the like Service j viz.

Ja’Wright, Esquire John Dalling, Esquire John Campbell, Esquire G. H. Adams, Esquire Peter Chester, Esquire Andrew Rainsford, Esquire To the D°, for the like Service; viz.

Andreio Rainsford, Esquire George Ferguson, Esquire -John Campbell, Esquire Aleaf Cameron, Esquire

Jot Murray, Esquire, to complete a Bill of 491.

Rob' Pringle, Esquire A. S. Hammond, Esquire -W" Faucitt, Esquire John Dalling, Esquire Wm M. Burt, Esquire Fredk Haldimand, Esquire Peter Chester, Esquire

623

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

9»75o -

7.655 13 8

3.250-----

7.503 12 1

7.503 12 1

68,943 14 10 172,889 16 8 204,923 18 4 49,163 18 10

36,537 -

25,523 3 8

2,000-----

500----

1,305 8 13

800 — 300 — 500 — 500 —

2,000 —

2.500 —

2.500 —

1,522

10 —

469

249

6 10 5 »

_ 7 - 4 Bills - 21,367 7 8

- 9 D* 9,089 1 4

- - 3 D* - 4,996 — 1

- 26 Bills 7,942 9 I

- - 2 D* _ 12,146 — 9

- 3 D* - 498 — —

- - 1 D* - 950 7 9

- - 1 D* - H9 15 10

- - 1 D* - 100 — '

_ - 1 Bill 100 — —

- 3 D* 1,564 14 10

- 2 D* 242 14 4

- - 1 D* - 977 10 —

Bill of 491. 15 s. nd. 4 — —

_ - 2 Bills - 489 4 1

- 1 D* mm 94 3 6

- 2 D* . 809 — ——

- - 1 D* - 500 — —

- - 1 D* _ 400 —

- 3 D* mm 1,700 — ——

- - 1 D* - 230

Vol. 89.

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

624

Dates of Warrants,

1782. April 19th.

11th.

July 4th. April 25th.

June 27th. July 8th.

May 3d.

June 27th. April 11th.

May 16th. June 10th. July 4th. May 3d.

16th. June 27th. May 16th.

June 27th. July 19th. 8th.

April 19th.

May 3d. 10th. 16th. June 10th. July 19th. April 25th.

May 16th.

July 4th. April 11th.

May 16th.

June 6th. 1 oth. 27th.

July 4th. April 11 tli.

May 10th.

16th. June 27tl\,

20 Julii.

To John Maton, Esquire, by way of Advance, and upon Account of his Contract for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the Forces that are to be encamped in the Summer 1782 -

To Messrs. Mason and Blundell, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at Cowes - -.

To Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Cowes, for the Use of ditto serving in Nova Scotia, Island of St. John’s, and Newfoundland -

To ditto, for ditto Service at ditto -

To ditto, for ditto Service at ditto, and for extra Expences attending the Delivery of wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Corke To R. V. Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica -

To ditto, for ditto Service delivered at Cowes - -

To Anth’ Richardson, Esquire, for ditto Service, and delivered at Cowes -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for the Leeward Islands To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To IVm Mills, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces in America -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at ditto - -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at ditto -To Edward Lewis, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at Cowes - -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at ditto -To ditto, for extra Expences attending the Delivery of wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Corke, for ditto Service To Rob' Mayne, Esquire, for ditto delivered into ditto, for ditto Service, at ditto -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto for ditto, delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To Major Henniker, Esquire, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto

Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Forces in the Leeward Islands and Jamaica ——

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service To Sir 1Vm James, Abel Smithy and R4 Atkinson, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Waterford, for the Use of the Forces in Canada -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto -To ditto, for ditto

at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto at ditto, for ditto

- - at ditto, for ditto

To Messrs. Potter, Dearman, Jordaine, and Shota, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To ditto, for ditto, delivered at Cowes, for the Use of ditto at North and South Carolina, Georgia, and East Florida -To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at Corke - -

To ditto, for ditto Service, delivered at Cowes -

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

15*000 " 1

3.925 1 -

303 18 2

2,785 16

9*158 6 11

3,798 16 5

5,769 9 9

2,120 2 4

4,440 15 4

3*115 16 —

11*959 13 7

2,317 8 4

3,880 8 _

3,887 14 11

2,728 12 "

7,753 2 6

3A55 2 —

1,208 4 4

1,024 10 5

1,101 18 4

3,881 - — 7

3,286 5 —

3,887 5 10

1,400 — —

882 2 8

5,703 3 8

7,485 5 5

7,699 4 7

2,538 16

3,627 13 -

‘ 7*352 18 6

3,723 1 1

4,772 7 11

7,352 — 3

8,456 4 —

1,908 19 2

2,185 5 —

4,474 18 6

7,635 16 8

4,991 7 3

3,757 15 2

2,281 16 —

4,472 — 3

463 4 —

2,337 2 *

13,500 — 8

5,531 11 4

27,494 4 9

8,937 10 4 To

i j Geo. III.

20 Julii.

625

Dates of Warrant!.

1782. July 19th.

April 19th.

May3 d. April 25th.

May 3d. July 4th. 8th.

April nth.

June loth. July 4th.

April 11th.

May loth. July 8th.

July 19th. June 27th.

April nth.

19th. May loth. June loth. July 4th. 19th. April 1 ith.

May 10th.

July 8th. April 25th.

July 19th. May 9th.

June 25th.

May loth.

To Messrs. Potter, Dear man, Jor and Shaw, for Provisions

delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces at North and South Carolina, Georgia, and Fast Florida To Laurence Car, Esquire, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke for ditto Service To Geo. Broun, Esquire, for ditto, delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto, for the extra Expences for delivering wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Corke -To James Bogle French, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Store Keepers at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward lllands -To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto for ditto Service To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for the Leeward lllands and Jamaica -

To Henry Budd, Esquire, for Provisions delivered, and keeping up,

in the I Hand of Guernsey....

To ditto, for ditto in ditto....

To ditto, for ditto delivered in Stores at Jersey - -

To ditto, for ditto delivered in Stores at Guernsey -

To ditto, for ditto delivered in Store at ditto - -

To ditto, for keeping up ditto in - - ditto - -

To John Whitelock, Esquire, for ditto delivered into Storehouses

at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in Canada -To Benj* Smith, IV. Fitzhugh, and R* Peacock, Esquires, for

Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America - - .

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Corke, for ditto Service

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Cowes, for ditto Service

To JV,n Budd, Esquire, for keeping up in Store Provisions in the Hland of Guernsey -To ditto, for ditto in ditto -

To ditto, for ditto in ditto -

To ditto, for ditto in IOand of Jersey -

To ditto, for ditto in ditto -

To fVm Devaynes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Store-

houses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in America To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To Mefl'rs. Harley and Drummond, to lie by them applied in the purchasing of Sp&nish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To Lord Mountjluart's Bill of Exchange on Account of Supplies

of Provisions for the Garrison of Minorca, pursuant to Treasury Directions of 6th March 1782 -

To ditto, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto -To Sir Horace Man, for his 3 Bills of Exchange, dated 12th March 1782, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto of 12th April

1782 - — T — —

To ditto, paid his 2 ditto, of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Discharge of sundry Bills paid by them under the Acceptance of the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, to be charged on the under-mentioned Drawers; viz*.

George Ferguson, Esquire -

Vol. 39.

John Campbell, Esquire Ale.dCameron, Esquire Lor man M'Leod, Esquire -George Ferguson, Esquire -Archibald Campbell, Esquire James Murray, Esquire To Lord Mountstuart, for his Bill of Exchange, dated the 7th of May 1782, drawn on Account of Supplies of Provisions for the Garrison of Minorca, pursuant to Treasury Directions of the 6th of March 1782 ——

7 U

Bill

D*

D#

D°

D*

D*

D*

£. s. d.

GO LO 00 t6 11

1,858 4 —

3,tri7 14 2

5,583 10 —

7,944 11 10

7,59* 1 7

933 10 11

2,886 l! 8

203 2 6

974 18 8

3*3 — 4

3*3 — 4

3*3 — 4

1,752 16 8

383 15 3

3*3 — 4

439 2 2

23,274 13 7

4,677 8 —

11,694 2 7

16,096 *7 4

879 6 9

6,296 12 4

300 — —

300 — —

300 — —

300 — —

383 15 3

S.'s 90 13 8

2,488 10 6

60,000 _ ,

298,428 11 t

526 4 8

335 16 5

i,490 — —

510 — ——

I16

1,126 4 It

1,113 16 5i

1,663 19 6

1,596 — —

*8,977 9 3

4,675 9 2*

50 5 10 8

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Hejmi t on Public Aciounte,

626 2’ Julii.

Dates of Warrant

1782. May 16th.

June iCtli.

December 12th. August 9th.

22d.

September 6th. ' 23d.

ptb.

November 13 th. December 13th. October 17th.

August 6th.

20th.

6th.

October 17th.

November 13 th. August bth.

October 17th. iSth.

August 6th.

2 2d. bth.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Dileharge of sundry Bills paid by them under the Acceptance of the Lords of llis Majesty's Treasury, to be charged on the undermentioned Drawers; viz'.

Archibald Campbell, Esquire - - 3 Bills -

George Ferguson, Esquire - - 4 D*

Peter Chester, Esquire - - - 1 D®

John Campbell, Esquire - - 1 D*

- - D° - - - 4 D° -

Frederic Haldimand- - - - 2 D° -

Robert Pringle - - - 1 D°

James Wright- - - 1 D°

To Sir Horace Man’s, of 13th April 1782, drawn on Account of Provisions for Garrison of Minorca, pursuant to Treasury Direction of 8th May 1782, his Bill -

To ditto, paid his ditto of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto - -

To ditto, paid his ditto of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto - - *-

To ditto, paid his ditto of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto, dated 30th April - -

To ditto, paid his ditto of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto - -

To ditto, paid his ditto of ditto Date, for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto, being his 3 ditto for ditto Service, pursuant to ditto of 17th June 1782 -

To Lord Mountstuart's ditto, dated 9th February 1782, pursuant to ditto of 30th April 1782 -

To IV" Dexaynes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Store-

houses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces at New York To John Maton, Esquire, in further Advance, on Account of Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, furnished for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1782 -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto - -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto -

To ditto, on further Account of ditto -

To Adam Drummond and C*, for’Provisions delivered at Cowes, in Storehouses, for the Use of the Forces serving in America ——

To Major Heniker, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, in Storehouses, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To Melirs. Potter, Dearman, and Shaw, for ditto,

delivered at ditto, for ditto Service -To ditto, for ditto delivered at ditto, for ditto Service To Geo. Brown, Esquire, for ditto Service -

To Henry Budd, Esquire, for Stores laid up in the Island of Jersey -

To ditto, for ditto delivered at Store in Guernsey To Bay" Smith, IV. Fitzhugh, and Richard Peacock, Esquires,

for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America -

To lVmBudd, Esquire, for ditto delivered and laid up in Store in

Island of Jersey - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To John Potre/l, Esquire on Account of Coals and Wood

shipped for Gibraltar, as per Secretary at War’s Letter of the Board Treasury Direction of 22d August 1782 .

To ditto, for ditto Service, per Secretary at War’s Letter, dated 1 ith September 1782 -

To Geo. Green, Esquire, by way of Advance, for Bread, Wood, and Forage, supplied the Camp in North Britain this Summer - -

To ditto, on further Account -

To Melirs. Harley and Drummond, to be by them applied and invested in the pnrehafing Spanish and Portugal Coins for the L ie of the Forces in America -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

A. 1783.

£. S. dr--

30,000

217

81

.854 13 9

202 10 —

5oo-----

82 12 0 200-----

200 -

160----

1.40-----

300-----

200 — —

1,000 — —

150 12 5

2,774 16 —

5,500 — 1- .

2,500 —

5,500 —

5,5oo —

5,5oo — —

5,500 —

4,000 " ~ 11

2,678 6 4

3,150 16 6

5,030 8 4

4,241 18 4

2,742 7 8

313 — 4

383 15 3

i,co8 17 8

300 —

300 —

383 15 3

9,760-----

12,000-----

600-----

600-----

5L2S7 5 4 94,000----

To

WIN Mp*

23 Geo. III.

2*

Julii.

627

Dates of Warrants.

%7§2. August 16th.

22(3.

30th. October 30th.

November ift.

December 13th. 17S3. January lit.

3(I-

lit.

23d.

To Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to be by them applied and invel'ted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in America To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - - - . - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -. -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto Service - - .

To ditto, for ditto Service - - * - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

1782. August 19th. To Francis Baring, Esquire, to be by him applied and invested in

the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces at Gibraltar -To Sir Horace Mans 3 Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of Supplies of Provisions at Minorca -To ditto’s 3 ditto, drawn on Account, for ditto Service *

To ditto’s 1 ditto, drawn on Account, for ditto Service September 20th. To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Diltharge of lundry Bdls 'paid by them, under the Acceptance of the Lords of the Treasury, the same to be charged on the . Drawers; viz.

James Murray. Esquire -

G. A. Eliott, Esquire -

IF. Faucilt, Esquire A. Campbell, Esquire -James Bruce, Esquire -Sir James Wright -Thomas Browne, Esquire W. Clifton, Esquire Peter Chester, Esquire -T. Shirley, Esquire Sir James Wright -Andrew RaitisJ'ord Alex' Cameron James Murray John Campbell Sir James W.right -

1783. January 2d.

March 19th.

1782.

August 6th.

John Graham A. Campbell -G. A. Eliott P. Tonyn John CumpbeU Sir J. Wright A. Campbell -Sir G. A. Eliott -L‘ J. Hawkins John AT Donnell -F. Haidimand W. Brown -Sir A. S. Hammond AndrewRainsford A. Campbell -

To W. Alills, Junior, Esquire, for Provisions delivered, into Store-houses at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces in America

- ‘ 7 Bills - -

- - - 16 D* - -

- - - 16 D* - *

- - - 5 D# - -

- - - 9d* -

- m - 4 D* - -

- - - 1 D* - -

- 1 D° -

- - - 1 D° - -

- - - 1 D* - -

- - 1 D* - -

- - 4 D° - -

- - - 1 D- - -

- - 4 D* .

- - - 4D- - -

r - 7 D* - m

- - 3 D* - -

- - - 3D0 .

- 9D° - -

- - - 1 D* - -

- m - 4 D* -

- - - 15 D° - -

- - 4 D* - -

- - 2 D* - m

- - 1 D* - -

_ - 1 D# -

- - - 6 D* -

- - - 1 D* - - .

w - - 1 D*

- - 1 D* - -

- - 1 D* -

1783* February 14th. To Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to be by them invested in the

purchasing Spanish and Portugal Goins, for the Use of the Porces in America -

3d. To ditto, for ditto Service -

26th. To ditto, for- ditto Service -

March ift. To ditto, for ditto Service -

You39.

£. d Tenth Report on Public Account*

44,218 1 8

29,259 10 4

2.5,784 2 11

16,864 3 4

85,501 2 7

ii,999 5 10

14,553 *9 —

24,203 10 6

64,618 1 3

100,000 — —

150,000 — —

195,035 8 4

95,814 17 3

9,1*55 7 2

191,580 3 3

20,000 — — .

1,120 9 4

1,109 2 11

300 13 6

2,253

' 12,730

5,092

60,702

1,303

500

1,955

260

12

43

17,755

419

977

1,806

413

1,948

547

32,583

4,971

831

680

2,426

18,276

1,506

64

196

2,300

7i

131

100

980

2 10

14 7 12 4

8 3 10 — — 8

4 3

10 —

9.

6 8

8 11

9 —

10

8 —

9 ~

18 5

19 —

11 1

8 9

14 5

15 —

16 6

74 11 —

118,876

71.2Q 8

14,887

56,5^5

8 11

14 7 19 11

15 —

To

6 28

a° Ju

A. 1783.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

Dates of Warrants.

1782. April 17th.

10th. June 28th.

October 4th.

1783. January 17 th.

1782. August 29th.

October 14th.

December 12th.

1783. January 23d.

March 5th.

February 7th;

To Martin Pierrepont, on Account, to enable him to pay such contingent DHburfements for Hospitals a9 may from Time to Time be directed by Secretary at War -To Rob' Adair, Esquire, upon Account, for sundry contingent Expences of Hospitals -To Mr. Clinton, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To Mr. Charlton, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, pursuant to Secretary at War’s Letter of 31st August 1782, on Account of contingent Disbursements of Hof-

pitals, &c. ....

To ditto, to complete His Majesty’s Warrant for 2,000l. for ditto -

To ditto, on ditto Account -

To ditto, on ditto Account - -

To ditto, on ditto Account - - - -

To ditto, on ditto Account -

To John Powell, Esquire, for Two Months Freight of Coals for Four Ships chartered for carrying Coals and Wood to Gibraltar, per Secretary at War’s Letter of lft February

1783 - - . - -

To ditto, to enable him to make good to the Owners of sundry Ships chartered by him to take Wood and Coals to Gibraltar, to complete the Payment of 6 Months Freight thereof -

£. r.

2,000-----

1,500----

500----

500-----

500----

1.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

1,425 16 8

13,435 -

17,444,903 7 5tV

Paymaster General’s Office, 16th June 1783.

N* 27.

XL ST of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief Abroad, between the 25th of December 1769 and the 31st of October 1780, to sundry Persons, to be by them accounted for.

Warrants.

M. General Gage. 1770. June 18th.

August 8th.

January 27th.

June 30th.

1771* September 12th.

L. General Haldimand. 1774. January lft.

May 20th.

To Sir William Johnson, on Account of the Expences in his

Department -

To Hugh Wallace, to defray the Expence of laying in Fuel for the current Year, at the several Posts in America in the Barrack Matter General’s Department -

To Captain Thomas Sowers, to enable him to make a First Payment to the Contractors, of One Third Part of the Sum agreed upon for the building Barracks at St. Augustine -

To ditto, to enable him to make good a Second Payment for the like Service ——

To ditto, to enable him to make a Third Payment for the like Service -

To Captain F. Hutcheson, to enable him to pay off sundry Expences incurred in the Quarter Matter General’s Department in the District of New York -To ditto, to enable him to pay off sundry Expences incurred in the Quarter Matter General’s Department in the District of New York - -

£ d.

2.000 -

600-----

1.113 3 1°£

1.113 3 io£

1.113 3 io£

2.000 -

1.000 -

To

23 Geo. III.

2° Jul

629

Warrants.

L. General 1774. June 301I).

L. General Gage.

June 12th.

Sir Guy C

July. 7th-

20th. August 12th. September 7th.

23d. July 22d.

October 10th.

December 2d.

L. General 1775. January 18th.

March 8th. Sir Guy Cu

July 20th.

September 23d. November 2d.

(>th.

1776. February 2d.

May* 10 th.

21 ft. August 27th. May 2tit.

June 4th.

July 15th. September 13th. July tith.

August 7th.

O *

September 23d. July 15th.

August 4th. September 7th.

November 25th.

E. Cornwallis.

February Cd.

General Clinton.

July 17th.

May 2d.

December 2Sth.

Sir Guy Curldon. *777- January 9th.

June 7th.

Vo l. 39.

To Captain F. Hutcheson, on Account of Bills drawn, and for other Incidental Expences -

To Lieutenant Colonel Allan M‘Lea on Account of the Contingencies of the Army in America -

To Major John Carden, Deputy Quarter Master General, to enable him to pay off' sundry Expences in the Quarter Master General’s Department, on Account -To ditto, on Account of the like Service ..... To ditto, on Account of the like Service - -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service - -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service - -

To Major General Robertson, on Account of the Barrack Master General's Department - -

To Colonel Guy Johnson, Agent and Superintendant of Indian Affairs, upon Account of Contingencies in his Department -To Adam Mabune, Surgeon to the Garrison of Quebec, on Account of the Expences of the Hospital - -

To William Forman, to pay off the present out-standing Bills

and Accounts, and to anl'wer any further Demands that may be made for the Expences of the Works in the Engineer’s Department -

To ditto, for the like Service -

To Captain Thomas Gamble, Assistant Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service ..

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -

To ditto, »n Account of the like Service ..

To Richard Murray, Esquire, Deputy Barrack Master General, on Account of Expences in that Department -

To ditto, on Account of the like Services - -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service ..

To Adam Mabane, Surgeon to the Garrison of Quebec, oil Account of the Expences of the Hospital there -

To William Barr, Esquire, Purveyor to the Hospital, on Account of purchasing Stores for the Ule thereof -To ditto, on Account of the like Service -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -

To Nathanael Day, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To "Captain Thomas Blomfield, Comptroller of the Works, for

defraying the Expences of divers Works carrying on for His Majesty’s Service -

To Thomas Dunn, Esquire, Paymaster of contingent Expences, being towards the Contingencies of the Garrison of Quebec -To Sir John Johnson, for Disbursements in the Indian Department of the Six Nations, on Account of Guy Johnson, Esquire, Agent for the said Department -

To Captain Alexander Fraser, Deputy Superintendant of Indian

Affairs, on Account of Disbursements in the Indian Department - ... - - - .

To Doctor John Nootli, Purveyor of the Hospital, on Account, for the Use of the Hospital -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -To General Clinton, to be accounted for by him - -

To Josiah Martin, Esquire, Governor of North Carolina, on Account, for supplying the Necessities of divers Persons per-fecuted by the Rebels - - - - 1

To Major John Morrison, Deputy Commissary General of Stores, on Account of his Department -

To William Barr, Esquire, Purveyor of the Hospital, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - - - - r

7X

3,000

560 —

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

’2,000-----

5,5i3 12 2

1.000 -

Tenth } Report on Public Accounts,

150----

3,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

200 -

600 -

1,300 -

3,000-----

800 -

300 -

200 -

500 -

10,000 -

20,000 -

20,000 -

10,000

25,000

300

1,000

200 —

5 00 —

1,000 --

300-----

3,000 — —

Coo-----

500 — —

To

Tenth i<e rt on Public Accounts.

630

Warrants.

Sir Guy Carkton. 1777. December 29th.

January 13th.

March 13th. June 10th. November 2 2d. January 16th.

February 6th. March 13th. April l*2th. July 14th.

30.

September 2d. 17th. 29th. January 26th.

July 12 th.

October 23d. November 23d. March 6th.

August 28th. June 5th.

September 23d. June 16th.

19.

November 7th.

2 2d.

September 16th. July 29th.

Sir Wm

May 30th. 23d.

General

July 2d. Sir Will. Howe.

June 7. General Clinton. September 16th.

22d.

October 11th. November 3d. December 8th.

30th.'

Earl Percy.

April 4.

M. General Pigot. October 14th. Earl Percy. January 20th.

February 14th. March 31st.

To William Barr, Esquire, Purveyor of the Hospital, on Account of his Department -

To Lieutenant Twiss, Comptroller of the Works, for defraying the Expences of divers Works carrying on for His Majesty's Service -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -To ditto, on Account of the like Service To ditto, on Account of the like Service -To Nathaniel Day, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of Expences in his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Richard Murray, Esquire, Dejuity Barrack Master General, on Account of Expences in that Department -To ditto, on Account of ditto - - - .-

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - -

To Thomas Dunn, Esquire, Paymaster of contingent Expences, being towards defraying the contingent Expences of the Garrison of Quebec -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -To Captain Thomas Gamble, on Account, to enable him to pay off and finally close sundry Expences incurred in the Quarter Master General’s Department, in the Year 1775 -To Colonel Barry S' Leger, for Expences of the Expedition under his Command -

To ditto, for the like Service -

To Captain Daniel Claus, for Disburseroents in the Indian Department of the Six Nations -

To Lieutenant Colonel John Campbell, Superintendant of Indian Affairs, on Account of Disbursements in the Indian Department -

To ditto, on Account of the like Services - -

To ditto, on Account of the like Services -

To ditto, on Account of the like Services -

To John Butler, Esquire, on Account of Expences in the Indian Department of Guy Johnson, Esquire -To Adam Mabane, Esquire, Surgeon to the Garrison of Quebec, on Account of the Expences of the Hospital there

To Major Maiheto Dixon, on Account ’of the Engineer’s Department - -

To Daniel Wter, Esquire, to enable him to carry on the Business of his Department as Commissary General - -

To ditto, to enable him carry on the like Service -

To ditto, on Account, for Rum, Forage, &c.

To Peter Paumier, Esquire, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To MonP. Lorentz, on Account of the Hessian Hospital -

To Doctor John Nooth, Purveyor of the Hospital, on Account, for the Use of the Hospital - -

To ditto, on Account of the like Service -

To Lieutenant Cook, Barrack Master at Newport, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

A. 1783.

s. d.

5oo-----

20,000 — —

10,000 -

10,000 — -

15.000 -

20.000 -

20,000 -

5.000 -

10,000 -

5.000 — —

6,180 4 5

3.000 -

12,019-----

7,466 15 7

3.500 -

3.500 -

1,000-----

3.500 -

25.000 -

30.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

*,000 -

500-----

1,000 -

500-----

1,000 -

500-----

1.400 -

1.400 -

6,500-----

10.000 -

20.000 -

10,000 -

6.000 — -

6.000 -

8.000 -

8.000 -

8.000 — —

2.000 -

500-----

500-----

60----

300----

500----

To

i3 Geq. III.

tijuiii.

Warrants.

Earl Percy.

1777. May lotlw To Lieutenant Cook, Barrack Master at Newport, on Account of his Department -

B. General Smith.

July 10th.

General Pigot.

November 4.

December 29th.

Earl Percy.

February 27.

To ditto, on Account of ditto

To ditto, on Account of ditto To ditto, on Account of ditto

M. General Prescot.

May 10. M. General Pigot.

August 2.7. October 8 ill. December 5. Far) Percy. January 20.

a

April 22d. M. General Pigot.

August 22d. October 7th. November 13th. December 29th. L. General

August 2lit.

Sir fVm IIoTce.

1778. May 15th.

General Clinton. December 26th. July 22d.

Sir JVn I lose. June tith.

General Clinton.

July 13.

November 7.

August 20th.

o

25-

November 7. May 23th.

June 2lft. July 22d.

29th. August 23th. Earl Conr

September 3. General Clinton. October 12. December 30. January 3d. '23d. February 10th. March 20th. April 13.

2 9*

General Jones. May l(>. June 15.

3°-

Vo l. 39.

To Captain Abraham Daubant, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - .

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Major John Morrison, Deputy Commissary General of Stores, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Jacob Jordan, Esquire, on Account of Horses, Carts, Harnefl'es, and Drivers, furnished by him agreeable to Contract ——

To Messrs. Gordon and Crmvder, to enable them to pay off the Expences of the Provincial Forces raised in North America, to 24th June 1780 ——

To ditto, on Account of Subsistence of the Provincial Forces To John Smith, Esquire, to enable him to lettle his Accounts as Secretary and Paymaster to the Commander in Chief, which Sum is to be accounted for with the Lords of the Treasury ——

To ditto, on Account of Expenditures in the Secretary’s Office -

To ditto, on Account of Bills and other Demands on the Commander in Chief ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Canip/xll, on Account of Expences attending a secret Expedition carrying on under his Command

To Adam Ferguson, Esquire, on Account of the Commission for re florin g Peace ——

__ U 9

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Daniel H 7er, Esquire, to enable him to carry on the Bufi-ncls of his Department as Commissary General -

To ditto, for Cattle purchased for the Use of the Army To ditto, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Peter Paumicr, Esquire, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - - - ?

631

£. d.

800----

2,000 — —

300----

800----

500 — —

9°o-----

500 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

2,000 -

3.000 — —

2.000 -

2,000 — -

1.000 -

1.000 -

85,000 -

45,000-----

25,00©-----

20,000 — —

200 -

3,000----

5,000-----

250----

5 00----

200 -

20,000 -

3,000-----

20,000 -

20,000 -

40.000 — —

10.000 -

40.000 -

30.000 -

10.000 -

4.000 -

6.000 -

8.000 -

8.000 -

15,000-----

12,000 -

12,000 -

15,000

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Truth Itrport nil I'abtic Account*.

Warrant*.

Sir 1Vm . 1778. May 13th.

General December 16th.

Sir Guy C'

March 26.

June 20th.

July 7th. November 18th. March 26th.

June 15th. October 29. June 25th.

26th.

September 17th.

October 29th. December 28th. January 28th.

April 14th. August 6th.

April 15th. June 25th. 26th.

July 7th.

August 6th.

December 20. September 2d.

17th.

December 2 Stli. September 17th.

October nth. December 21ft.

8th.

M. General

November 17th.

30th.

28th.

M. General

August 6th.

O

February lath.

March lit. May 13th. September 7. October 1 ft.

2* Julii.

To David Franks, on Account of Expenditures for the Relief of British Prisoners with the Rebels -

To Doctor John Nooth, for Expences attending the Hospital at Rhode Island -

To Lieutenant William Twist, Comptroller of the Works, on Account of divers Works carrying on for His Majesty’s Service -

To Ditto, on Account of the like Service -To Thomas Dunn, Esquire, on Account of Bills drawn by the Commanding Officers and Lieutenant Governors, at the Posts in the Upper Country, for His Majesty’s Service -To ditto, on Account of the Naval Department To ditto, on Account of ditto and Engineer’s Department -To Nathaniel Day, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of Expences in his Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, on Account of Disbursements in the Indian Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto

To ditto, on Account of ditto - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Richard Murray, Esquire, Deputy Barrack Master General, on Account of Expences in that Department - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, to discharge Expences incurred by Major General Robertson -

To Colonel Barry St. Leger, for Expences of the Expedition under his Command -

To Jacob Jordan, on Account of Pay and Cohtingencies of Office as Deputy Paymaster General . -To Alexander Grant, Esquire, on Account of the purchasing, manning, arming, equipping, &c. Vessels on the Upper Lakes -

To Adam Mabane, Esquire, Surgeon to the Garrison of Quebec,

on Account of the Expences of the Hospital -To Ensign Samuel Savory, to advance to Serjeants going with the Cloathing to General Burgoynes Army -

To Captain Edward Foy, on Account of the Barrack Mailer General’s Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To Amable Boucherville, on Account of the Subfillenceof Officers of two Companies of Canadians -To Colonel Daniel Claus, on Account of the Six Nations Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To lVilliam Barr, Esquire, on Account of the Expences of the

Hospital ——

To Sir John Johnson, on Account of Extra Expences -

To ditto,-on Account of ditto - -

To Conrad Gtigy, for building Barracks for Royalilts

To David Geddes. acting Deputy Paymaster General to the Convention Army, for the present Supply of the Emergencies of the said Army ——

To Captain Abraham D'Aubant to carry on the Business of his Department, as commanding Engineer - -

To Major John Morrison, to carry on the Business of his Department, as Deputy Commissary -

To Charles Morris, Purveyor to the Hospital, on Account, for the Use of the said Hospital To Captain Abraham D'Aubant, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

A. 1783.

£. s. d. 1,100---

1,000 —

10,000----

2,000----

30.000 -

5,000-----

12.000 -

10,034 — —

10.000 -

10.000 -

3.000 -

3,400----

2.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 -

1,550 -

682 17 3 600----

2,500 — —

3,000-----

650 -

60-----

3.000 -

3.000 — —

450 — —

1,400-----

560-----

5oo-----

50-----

50-----

500 — —

10,000-----

1,500-----

2,000-----

400-----

2.000 -

500-----

1,500-----

2.000 -

2.000 -

To

23 Geo. III.

2° Julii.

633

Warrants.

M. General 1778. February 2d.

27th. March 18th. April 15 th. May 6th. 13-28.

July 16 th. September 18th. October 12th. March 1 ft.

June 4th. August lit. October 5th. April 10th.

June 20th. General Hald

1779. February 9.

June 25th. October 19th.

20.

21ft.

January nth.

April 9th August 2d. 22d.

October November 21ft. August 7th.

November 19. January nth.

August 7th. January 28th.

June 29th. April 10 th.

August 25. April 19th.

January 28th.

August 22d.

April 9th. August 4th. September 3d.

February 9th.

September 8th. April 18. August 29th. September 8th.

November 26th. October 1 ith.

19th.

Vol. 39.

To Lieutenant Cook, Barrack Master at Newport, upon Account of his Department -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto - -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto - - - , -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Major John Morrison, Deputy Commissary General of Stores, on Account of his Department -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto - -

To David Geddes, acting Paymaster to the Army under the Command of Lieutenant General Burgoyne, for the Supply of that Army - -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To Lieutenant Turn, Comptroller of the Works, for defraying the Expences of divers Works carrying on for His Majesty’s Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To ditto, for ditto Service - -

To Thomas Dum, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to pay sundry Drafts drawn by the Commanding Officers of the Upper Country ——

To ditto, for ditto Service -

To Nathaniel Day,- Esquire, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of.ditto -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Lieutenant Colonel J. Campbell, on Account of Expences in the Indian Department -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Richard Murray, Esquire, on Account of Expences of Rebel Pri loners -

To ditto, upon Account of Barrack Expences - -

To Adam Mabane, Esquire, on Account of Public Services of the Garrison and Hospital at Quebec -To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Colonel Daniel Claus, on Account of the Six Nations Department - -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Captain Eduard Foy, on Account of the Barrack’ Master General’s Department -

To William Barr, Esquire, on Account of Expences of the Hospital ——

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Sir John Johnson, Baronet, on Account of particular Service -To ditto, upon Account of extraordinary Services -To ditto, upon Account of Off-reckouings of the Royal Regiment of New York - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Carleton, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To ditto, upon Account of ditto -

To Major J. Butler, on Account of Pay for a Corps of Rangers To //. T. Cramahe, Esquire, on Account -

To Captain D'Brehm, on Account of the Barrack Matter General’s Department -

To ditto, on Account of ditto - - - .

To Captain Robert Mat liars, to defray Expresses and other Expences incurred in the Secretary's Office -.To Henry Callender, Agent to the Contractors for Provisions, on Account of Flour purchased exceeding the Quantity contracted for by the Lords Commissioners of His Majel’ty’s Treasury -

7 V

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

600-----

506-----

1.000 -

500----

1.000 -

500 —

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

47.000 -

10.000 -

14.000 -

10.000 -

16.000 -

in,$94 5 5

40.000 -

10.000 -

15.000 -

5.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

5.000 — '

5.000 -

400-----

1,600-----

400 — ‘ — 500-----

466 13 4 466 13 4

4.000 -

500-----

500-----

200-----

200-----

i,5°o -

16.000 —

10.000 — *

8,150

93 6 8

3.000

4.000 -

100----

30.200 —

To

Warrants.

3° Julii

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

General Clinton. 1779- February 25th.

April 26th. June 30th. August 25th. October 24th. December 18th.

21ft.

April 27th.

September 6th.

February 14th.

April 10th.

May 6th. June 30th. August 4th. September 7th. October 16th. November 22d. December 13th. February 3d.

April 12th. March lft.

November 5th.

December 22d. August 5th,

July 30th,

November lft.

M. General Prescot.

January 29.

March 7th. June 10th. July 30th. September 21ft. October 12th. General Clinton. November 25. M. General Prescot.

- February 5.

April 8th.

May 2d. June 12th. January 4.

18th. February 3d. March 3d. April 4th. June 22d.

30th. July 29th. August 19th. June 28th.

August 4th.

To Messrs, Gordon and Crowder, on Account of Subsistence for the Provincial Forces To D®, upon Account of D®

To D®, upon Account of D*

To D*, upon Account of D®

To D®, upon Account of D#

To D®, upon Account of D®

To D®, to repay the like Sum sent (on Account of Subsistence of the Provincial Forces in Georgia) in The Experiment, which was taken by the French Fleet -

To Captain J. Reid, which Sum he is to pay to Major General Augustin Preoost, commanding the Forces in Georgia, for the ordinary and extraordinary Expences of said Forces To Sir James Wallace, to be by him paid into the Hands of D®, on his Arrival at Georgia, for the Service of the Forces there -To Daniel Weir, Esquire, on Account of Expenditures in the Commissary General’s Department -

To D®, upon Account of D* -

To D®, upon Account of D*

To D®, upon Account of D® -

To D®, upon Account df D® -

To D°, upon Account of D® - - - .

To D®, upon Account of D® - - - _ -

To D°, upon Account of D®.....

To D®, upon Account of D®' -

To Robert Fenwicke, for Expences incurred in the Bridge Matter’s

Department -

To D®, upon Account of D® -

To Lieutenant William Collier, to be delivered to David Geddes, Esquire, acting Paymaster to the Army of the Convention, being to supply the present Emergencies of feid Army -To Captain Alexander Innis, Inspector General of the Provincial Forces, for the Service of his Department -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Captain Alexander Mercer, on Account of Expenditures in the Engineer’s Department -

To Andrew Finucane, Esquire, which Sum is to be paid by him into the Hands of Brigadier General Francis M'Lean, for the Service of His Majesty’s Forces under his Command in the Province of Nova Scotia -To Captain Andrew Barclay, to be paid by him into the Hands of the Honourable Major General Leslie, for the Service of His Majesty's Forces in the Southern District -

To Captain Abram D’Aubant, to carry on the Bufmefe of his Department as Commanding Engineer -

To D®, on Account of D®- -....

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D°- -

To Major John Morrison, to carry on the Business of his Department as Deputy Commissary of Stores -

To D®, on Account of D* -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Captain Stephen Cooke, to carry on the Business of his Department as Barrack Matter of Newport -To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Frederick William Hecht, Esquire, to carry on the Business of his Department as Assistant Commissary General To D®, on Account of D® -

25.000

25.000

25.000

25.000

25.000

25.000

10,000

10,000

30.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

40.000

500

500

14,100

2,000

4.000

5.000

3,500

10,000

2,000

1,200

3.000

1.500

2.000

2.500

3,200

3.000

2.000 2,000

5.000

1.000

3.000

4.000

2.000

8.000

2.000

5.000

5.000

5.000

3.000

5.000

23 Geo. III. 2° Julii.

Warrant*. _ _____

M. General Prescot.

1779. September 16th. To Frederick William Hecfit, Esqufte, to cafry o'ri thfc Bu'fmefs

of his Department as Assistant Commissary General October 18th. To D° on Account of D*

General Grant.

May 28th. To Daniel Mandeville, for sundry Expences incurred in His Ma- 1 jesty’s Hospital at St. Lucia, the ExpenditOre 6f which is to be folly accounted for in his Account - -

26th. To Captain John George Goldfrap, for extraordinary Expences incurred on the Expedition to St. Lucia - -

' To D*, for Secret Services and Contingencies incurred by Major; General Grant , as Commander in Chief of D* Expe- , dition -

July 2d. To D", for Pay of the Overseer of the King’s Road, and his Assistants, upon Account -

Sir Henry Colder.

September 8. To Thomas Armstrong, for Expences incurred' and to be incurred , in his Department as Assistant Deputy Quarter Matter General, upon Account -

To Richard Graham, Deputy Commissary General, for Provisions, See. bought for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces at St Lucia -

M. General Prescot.

October lft. To John Jaffray, Esquire, Commissary General, being for fresh Provisions, Wine, Hire of Vessels, &c. for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces at St. Christopher’s and Antigua - - '

12th. To Alexander Potts, Esquire, for the Hire of Servants, and other Expences incurred in the General Hospital Department

General Haldimand.

October 21ft. To Captain Matthews, on Account of Expences of the Secretary’s Office -

November 18th. To D°, upon Account of D*....

December 23d. To Captain Walter Butler, on Account of Subsistence of a Corps of Rangers, under the Command of Major Butler

M. General Tryon.

1780. January 12th. To Daniel Wier, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of

Expenditures in his Department -

March 20. . To D°, on Account of D* - -

M. General Robertson.

April 25.

May 24th.

June 17th.

24.

July 8th.

August 5th.

M. General Tryon.

March lft.

M. General Robertson.

April 26th.

General Clinton.

July 21ft.

M. General Robertson.

April 18.

General Clinton.

July 11th. Sir Henry Colder. February 23d.

M. General Prescot. January 28th.

General Vaughan.

April 25.

May 22.

Vol. 39.

To D°, on Account of D°

To D*, on Account of D* - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D*, on Account of D* - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D#, on Account of D* -

To Messrs. Gordon and Crowder, on Account of Subsistence for the Provincial Forces - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D*, on Account of D* - -

To Captain Henry Rooke, Deputy Inspector General of Provincial Forces, on Account of Expenditures in his Department, to be accounted for hereafter -

To D°, on Account of D° - - - -

To Lieutenant Thomas Armstrong, Assistant Deputy Quarter Mailer General, being for the Hire of Negroes and Overseers in the Public Works, &c. -

To John Jaffray, Esquire, being to pay for fresh Provisions, Wine, &c. for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces at St. Christopher’s and Antigua

To Alexander Orr, Purveyor to the General Hospital, on Account of Expences to be incurred in his Department at St. Lucia

To D*, upon Account of D* - -

£. s. d.

5.000 -

5.000 -

Tentfi Report on Public Accounts.

2,675-----

6.000 -

2.000 -

250-----

500----

500-----

2,500-----

300----

200----

200----

6,000 — * —

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

25,000-----

25,000-----

25,000-----:

3,000-----

3,000-----

1,400 — 1 —

400----

200-----

500-----

To

Teutk Report on Public Accounts.

67,6 2° Julii.

Warrants.

A. 1783.

General Vaughan. 1780. May 5.

General Haldimand. January 27th.

5.

13th*

14th.

February 14th. January 5th.

June 16th.

May 22(1.

General Clinton.

March 12th.

May 30th. Lord Cornwallis.

July 10. 25th.

General Clinton. February gth.

Lord Corm

July 28th.

March 2d. May 24th.

April 24.

May lgth.

30th. July 19th. 29th.

May 23d.

August 5th.

> General Clinton.

July 25.

16th.

May 23d.

27th. August 14. March 16th.

August 28th. July 14th.

August 9. June 29th.

July 18 th.

May 26th.

Lord Cornwallis. July 13.

To Mathew Forster, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account, to pay for Provisions, Rum, &c. for the Use of the Forces ——

To William Barr, Esquire, on Account of Expences of the Hospital -

To Richard Murray, Esquire, on Account of Rebel Prisoners -To Nathaniel Day, Esquire, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department -

To D", upon Account of D* - -

To D* upon Account of D" -

To Mr. Gugy, on Account of building Barracks for the Loyalists ——

To Adam Mabane, Esquire, on Account of the Hospital

To Henry Fisher, Deputy Commissary, on Account, for His Majesty’s Service - .- -

To Brigadier General Gabriel Christie, on Account of Expences incurred for His Majesty’s Service in the Island of Antigua

To Charles Morris, Deputy Purveyor of the Hospital, to be accounted for by the Chief Purveyor -

To Ditto, for the Service of the Hospital -

To D*, for the Service of D° at Charles Town - -

To Captain John McKinnon, on Account of Expences in the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To Major General Preoost, for the Use of the Army under his Command, to be hereafter accounted for -

To Ditto, for defraying Expences in the Inspector General of Provincial Forces Department, on Account -To Major John Andre, for Secret Services to Government To Major Pat lick Furguson, on Account of the Militia in South Carolina -

To Major James Moncrieff, for defraying the Expences of the Commissary of Captures Department, &c.

To D*, on Account, to pay Artificers Bills, &c.

To D°, on -Account of his Department -To D°, on Account of D*

To Major George Hay and James Fraser, for defraying sundry Demands in D* Department -

To Captain Archibald Robertson, to enable him to defray the Expences of the Quarter Master General's Department prior to the 31 ft of March 1780 To Lieutenant Colonel Nisbitt Balfour, for defraying extraordinary Expences incurred by the embodying Militia in the District of Ninety Six, and other Contingencies -

To Joshua Loring, on Account of his Department as Commissary for Prisoners - -

To Brigadier General Dalrymple, to enable him to pay Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money to the Army, and for other Contingencies in the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To D*, on Account of his Department -

To Ditto, on Account of D* - -

To Ditto, on Account of D° -.----

To Lord Cathcart, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s

Department ---....

To D*, to enable him to pay oft’ sundry otitstanding Bills -To Jonathan Mallet, on Account, for the Service of the Hof-pitals -

To D*, on Account of D° -

To George Clarke, Esquire, on Account of Expenditures in his Department as Barrack Master General - -

To Major William Crosbie, to carry on the Business of his Department as Barrack Master General - -

To George Tcrwnshend, Esquire, on Account of Expences in the Commissary General’s Department -

To D#, on Account of D* -

£ s. d.

10,000-----

500 — -

500 - —

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

500-----

400-----

3oo-----

1,000-----

500-----

1,000 —; —

1,000 -

4,000-----

25,000 -

2,000 -

1,800 -

200 -

100-----

5.000 -

500-----

2.000 -

250-----

4,000-----

Coo----

500-----

40.000 -

6.000 -

19.000 -

40.000 -

1.000 -

5.000 -

800 — — 1,200----

37.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

To

33 Geo. III.

Warrant*.

Colonel Balfour. 1780. August.

Lord Cornwallis.

July 16.

21ft.

L. General

1773. June 11th.

September 11th. November 9th. December 31st.

1774. January ift.

May 20 th.

,° Julii.

To George Townsend \ Esquire, on Account of Expences in the

Commissary General’s Department -

To John Ml Mahon, on Account, as Barrack Matter at Charles Town -

To James Simpson, Esquire, to defray the Charges of the Board of Police -

To Captain Hutcheson, to enable him to pay off sundry Expences incurred in the Quarter Matter General’s Department in the District of New York -

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service - -

To D®, which, with the Sum of 4,208/. 6s. 8 granted by Warrant of 3d June to Major William Sheriff, and 11th June, 11 th of September, and 9th of November last to himself, is the Amount of Expences incurred in the Quarter Matter General’s Department in the District of New York, from ift of June to 24th December 1773 -

To D®, to enable him to pay off sundry Expences incurred in the Quarter Matter General’s Department in the District: of New York ——

To D®, for D° Service -

637

Tenth Report on PuMic

n , Accounts-

S. <L

10,000-----

2,500-----

200 :-----

583 6 8 1,166 13 4 1,458 6 8

10 3 t

2.000 -

1.000 -

2,828,190

9

61

Chd Bembridge,

Accountant.

A continued LIST of WARRANTS granted by the Commanders in Chief Abroad, to 6th May 1783,

to sundry Persons, to be by them accounted for.

Date* of Warrants.

General Howe.

1778. May 16.

General Haldimand.

1779. October 19.

November 8. 27 th.

December 6th. 1780. March 16th. September 10. March 25.

July 17 th. August 8th. March 30th.

May 2 2d. July 7th. August 2d. J3<1-October 6 th. November ift. December 7th.

Brought forward

To Robert Mackenzie, the Amount of an outttanding Warrant in his Favour -

To Captain William Twiss, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To Thomas Dunn, Executor of Major John Carden, for the Quarter Matter General’s Department -To Lieut. Col. Daniel Claus, on Account of the Indian Department -

To R. Murray, on Account of Expences of Rebel Prisoners To Conrad Gugy, on Account of building Barracks for Loyalists -To Lieut. Col. Claus, on Account of the Indian Department To D*, on Account of D*

To Captain Brehm, on Account of the Barrack Matter General’s Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® - - - a

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Nathaniel Day, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D° -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

£. s. d. 2,828,190 9 6£

1,500-----

16.000 -

1.000 -

876 6 —

500-----

500-----

1,400----

1,661 6 8

3.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 — —

6.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

VOL* 3i).

7Z

To

Tenth Jteport on Public Accounts-

6} 8

a

Juki.

Dates of Warrants.

General Haldimand. 1780. April 8th.

September 20th. May 18th.

July 2d. May 22d.

September 12th. October 21ft. May 29th.

October 13th. July 12th.

November 7. December 24th.

September 16th.

July 17th.

General Clinton. September 4th.

OCtqber 31st. December 25th.

September 8th.

October 19th. December 28th. September 21ft.

October 30th. November 13th. December 11th. October 31st.

December 2 2d. September 28th.

October 23d.

November 10th. December 12th. 23d.

3i*.

Lieut. Col. Balfour. September 4th.

13th.

To Captain William Twiss, on Account of the Engineer’s Department ——

To D°, on Account of D* - -

To Lieut. Col. Campbell, on Account of Pay of Officers, Interpreters, &c.....- -

To D*, (m Account of the Indian Department in Canada -To Richard Murray, Esquire, on Account of Expeaces of Rebel

Prisoners.....-

To D% on Account of D°- - -

To D% on Account of the Barrack Matter General’s Department -To Lieut Col. Carlton, on Account of the Quarter Matter General’s Department -

To D*, on Account of D° - ....

To Jhtf Dunn, on Account of the Naval Department on The Lakes -

To D*, on Account of D*

To D°, the Amount of Bills drawn by Officers commanding the Potts in the Upper Country, and paid by him -To Jacob Jordan, Esquire, on Account of Pay and Contingencies, as Deputy Payroafter General -

To Adam Mabane, on Account of the Garrison Hospital at Quebec -

To Messrs. Gordon and Crowder, on Account of Subsistence of the Provincial Forces ----- nt -To D*, on Account of D* - -

To D", on Account of D# -

To D°, which, with 150,000l. granted by Warrants of 26th February, 26th April, 30th June, 25 August, 24 October, 1779, and a temporary Warrant of 26th December 1778, is the Amount of Subsistence for the Provincial Forces from 25 December 1778 to 24 December 1779 -

To Major Wm Crosbie, to carry on the Business of his Department as Barrack Matter General -

To D#, to carry on D° - - -....

To D°, to carry on D° -

To Daniel JVeir, to carry on the Business of his Department as Commissary General -

To D°, to carry on D° -To D°, to carry on I)* -To D°, to carry on D° -

To Major Hemry Bruen and Archto enable them to discharge l'undry Demands in the Quarter Matter General’s Department, to be accounted for by Brigadier General Dalrymple -To D% for the like Service, to be accounted for by D#

To Jonathan Mallet, Esquire, which, with 2,000l. granted by Warrants of 14th July and 9th August last, is for Expenditures in the Hospital from 25th June to 24th September 1780 -To Joshua Loring, which, with 500l. granted by Warrant of 25th July last, is the Amount of Expenditures in his Department as Commissiuy General for Prisoners, from ill July to 30th September 1780 ——

To. Capt. Henry. Rooke, on Account of Expenditures in the Department of the Inspector General of Provincial Forces -To Brigadier General Arnold, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of a, secret Expedition under his Command -To Henry Hampton, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Detroit, on Account of Pay due to him, and the Officers who were taken Prisoners with him -

To John Smith, Esquire, which, with 3,000l. granted 12th June 1780, is for sundry Demands upon the Commander in Chief for Services between lft July and 31st December 1779.

Tq D", which* with 20 Ql.granted 6th June 1778, i* the Amount of Expences attending the Secretary’s Office from lft July to 31st December 1779 -

To P*, 00 Account of Expences attending D° Office, from ift January to 30th June 1780

To Captain George Benson, on Account of Contingencies -To D% on Account of Da -

A. 1783.

d’

10.000 -

6.000 - — -

3.000 -

6.000 -

500 -r-

500 -

3.000 -

5.000 -

3,ooQ -

25.000 -

25.000 -

160,380 11 10

2,512-----

430 — —

25.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

46,134 2 n*

20.000 -

20.000 -

20.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40,00a — . —

40,000----

40,poo----

3^53 4 8

120 8 1

5.000 -

1.000 -

1,500----

2,127 17

764 9 6 718 6 9

400 — — 400 -

To,

a 3 Geo. III.

Daks of Warrants,

2° Julii.

Lieut. Col. Balfour. 1780. September 20th. October 17th. November 7th.

16th.

December 12th.

18.

September 13 th.

28 th.

October igth.

3ift-

December 13th. Lord Cornwallis. August 30th.

Lieut Col. Balfour. November 27th. October 17th.

November

Lord Cornwallis. November 9th.

Lieut Col. Balfour. December ltx

M. General Leslie. November 7th.

December 16th.

19th.

18th.

21ft.

General Hal

September 21ft.

October 7th.

December 13th. October 14th.

December 27th.

7th.

General Vaughan.

July 14th.

October 25th. July 27th.

December nth.

July 27th.

October 13th. December lft. July 25th.

December 12th. July 25th.

September lft-

December 12tiu

Vol. 39.

To Captain George Benson, on Account of Contingencies -To D°, on Account of D*

To D®, on Account of D"

To D®, on Account of D* -

To D°, on Account of D*....

To D\ on Account of D® -

To Captain John M1, Malum, on Account of his Department as Barrack Matter -

To Gregory Townshend, Esquire, on Account of the Cotnmiflary General’s Department -

To D°, on Account of D® -To D°, on Account of D*

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Jonathan Mallet, on Account of Expences of the General Hospital -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To Lieut Col. Clarke, to defray the Contingencies attending his Command -

To Captain John M‘Kinnen, on Account of the Quarter Matter General’s Department -

To Capt Augustin Precost, on Account of Expences in the Department ef Inspector General of Provincial Forces

To Major J. Dunlop, to forward the railing a Corps of Cavalry, in the District of Ninety Six -

To F.JV. Hecht, Esquire, for the Service of the Commissary

General's Department -

To Capt. Henry Savage, on Account of the Quarter Matter General’s Department ....

To Hector M'Alaster, Esquire, on Account of the Barrack Matter General’s Department -

To Capt. Fredk Bowes, for 100 Guineas to be distributed among the Inhabitants who faffered by the Troops on their first Landing ....

To William Newton, Acting Deputy Paymaster General, on Account ——

To Captain JVm Twiss, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To Nathaniel Day, on Account of the Comnuttary General’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D*

To Lieut Colonel Carlton, on Account of the Quarter Matter General’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D° -

To Lieut. Col. John Campbell, Superintendent of Indians, on Account of his Department -

To Brigadier General AntT S* Leger, on Account of Expences at St. Lucia ——

To D®, on Account of D* -

To Alexander Ore, Esquire, on Account of Expences of the Hospital -

To D®, being the Balance of his Account to 24th October 1780 ——

To Lieut William Gomon, on Account of* the Quarter Matter General’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To Capt Mathetv Pitts, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To Brigadier General Christie, on Account of Expences at Antigua -

To Mathew Foster, Esquire, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department....

To Tho* Shiel, Acting Purveyor, on Account of Expences of the Hospital -

d.

400 i-----

loo-----

loo-----

100-----

100-----

256 13 4

3,000-----

10.000 -

10.000 -

20.000 -

20.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

*>555 11 —

5.000 -

6,000-----

163 6 8

1,000-----

300-----

100 - —

108 17 9

200-----

6.000 — —

4.000 -

10,000-----

2.000 -

4.000 -

6.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

L436 6 8

200-----

800-----

300-----

400-----

300----

1.000 -

8.000 — —

300----

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

640

Dates of Warrants.

2® Julii.

A. 1783.

General M'Lean. 1780. May 30th. June 26th. August 17th. 24th.

September 12th. October 5th. 26th. December 5th. 23d. June 26th. July 13 th. August 25th. September 4th.

October 8th. November 2d. December 19th. September 28th.

June 26th.

July 19 th. August 25th. October 14th. 24th.

December 30th.' July lit.

August 3d.

7th.

8th.

14th.

September 23d.

28th. October 5 th. 19th.

November 2d. 24th. 27th. 30.

December 27th.

30.

3»ft-

September 26th. August 21ft. October 6th. 9U1.

November utli.

To Captain William Spry, Commanding Engineer, on Account -

To D®, on Account - -

To D®, on Account -

To D®, on Account -

To D°, on Account - -

To D®, on Account -

To D®, on Account -

To D®, on Account - - - - .

To D®, on Account -

To John Carufurd, Deputy CommiiTary General, on Account -

To D®, on Account ——

To D®, on Account ——

To D®, on Account ——

To D®, on Account - -

To D®, on Account -

To D®, on Account -

To Roger Hart, to be accounted for in the Commissary’s Department -

To James Morden, Esquire, Barrack Mailer General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D°

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Captain Abraham D'Aubant, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department -

To Lieut. Col. Campbell, for 2 Bills drawn by him for Expences at Penobfcot -

To D®, for One D", drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, sent him by Captain Mason of His Majesty’s Ship Delaware, for D® Service -

To D®, lent him by Captain Ralph Duttdas, for D® Service -To D®, for One Bill, drawn by him for D® Service To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D° Service -

To D®, for Two D®, drawn by him for D° Service ... To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D° Service -

To D®, for Three D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D° Service -

To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, sent him by Lieut. Col. Obfor D® Service -To D®, for One Bill drawn by him for D® Service -

To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service ... To D®, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To Captain Tho‘ Hartrup, for One D®, drawn by him for D® Service -

To Major Charles Lyons, Town Major, on Account of Garrison Expenditures -

To Andrew Finucane, Commissary of Prisoners, on Account of his Department -

To William Handheld, Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department ——

To Colonel De Bourk, commanding a Detachment of Hessians, to be hereafter accounted for -

General Clinton. 1781. February 5th.

April 6th. May 28th. June 12th. August 6th. 16th.

To Majors Henry Bruen and Archibald Robertson, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department, to be accounted for by Brigadier General Dalrymple -To ditto, on Account of ditto, to be accounted for by

ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto, to be accounted for by ditto -

To ditto, on Account of ditto, to be accounted for by

ditto -.....- -

To ditto, on Account of ditto, to be accounted for by

ditto - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto, to be accounted for by

ditto - -

£. s. d.

2.000 — —

1.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,500----

500-----

2.000 -

2,200-----

5.000 -

4.000 -

5.000 -

33» 7 8

2.400 -

1.400 -

1.000 -

1.400 — — 1,124 13 11 I 2,800 — -

4,000-----

121 6 8

123 8 8

653 6 8

4.000 -

1.000 -

485 6 8 220 3 2

996 16 6 105 2 —

373 6 8

994 -

280-----

326 13 4

3.000 -

249 4 — 513 6 8 466 13 4

167 1 11

250 -

150-----

4,500-----

410 13 4

40.000 -

40.000 -

30.000 -

22.000 — —

15.000 -

40.000 -

To

23 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants,

General Clinton.

1781. September 18th.

October 13th. November 13th.

December 13th.

2<)th. February 5th.

March 26th. May 28th. August 4th. September nth.

October 12 th. November 30th. Decernt>er 31 ft. April bth.

February 14th.

March 26th.

April 27th. Auiiuft 13th. October 22d. February 241I1.

March 13th. April 24th. z June 24th.

A miii lit 24th. Ofituber 25th. Deccuiber 23th. June 2(1.

12th.

July 22d.

October 13th.

December 5th. September 12th.

14th.

November 20th.

December 25th.

7th.

21ft.

October 3d.

Lieut. Col. Balfour. November 15th.

Major General Leslie. December 15th.

General Hald

January lft.

May 25th. October 5 th. January 9th.

February 20th. June 14th. August lit. September 24th. December 7th.

Vol. 39.

2° Julii. 641

To Majors Henry Bruenand Archibald on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department, to be accounted for by Brigadier General Dalrymple -To D°, on Account of D®, to be accounted for by D°

To Br igadier General Dalrymple, on Account of his Department, as Quarter Master General -

To D°, on Account of D° -

Barrack Master General, on Account

To D°, on Account of D®

To Ma jor Willimn Crosbie,

of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D" -

To D®, on Account of D* - - - *

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To Henry Hamilton, for Pay due to the Officers, &c. taken Pri-fonn s with him at Detroit, for which he is to account To Daniel H eir, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -

To MciTrs. Gordon and Crowder, on Account of Subsistence for the Provincial Forces -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To Messrs. Gordon, Biddulph, and C®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® - - - -<

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To Major Henry Savage, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To Captain Alexander limes, on Account of the Inspefitor General of Provincial Forces Department- -To David Gcddcs, an Allowance to the Officers of the Foreign Troops included in the Treaty of Convention -To D®, an Allowance to the British Officers included in laid Treaty -

To D®, an Allowance to D* -

To Richard Lorentz, Esquire, on Account of sick and wounded Men in the General Hefiian Hospital -

To Lieut William Fyres, to enable him to pay sundry Bills into the Engineer’s Department at Portsmouth -To Peter Paumier, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D*

To Captain Alex' Mercer, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To David Thomas, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster, on Account of Contingencies of his Office -

To Col. Roger Morris, Inspefitor of the Claims of Refugees, on Account of his Department - -

£. s. d.

Tent Report on Public Accounts.

15,000 -

40,000 -

20,000 — -

14,000 -

11,000 -

30,000 -

33.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

12.000 -

20,000 -

15,000----

10,200 — ' —

800-----

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

40.000 -

25.000 — — 21,249 5 1i

25.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

25.000 -

600-----

1,276 5 5

9 >443 -

11,364 2 6 2,862 9 6

4,078 16

1,044 — 8

20,000 -

40,000 — —

500-----

3,000----

i,35o----

To Capt. John MfKinnon, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To James Fraser, Esquire, A6ling Barrack Master General, on Account of his Department -

12,000-----

3,000 —

To Capt. William Twiss, on Account of the Engineer's Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Nathaniel Day, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - - - - *

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D", on Account of D® -

6.000 -

6.000 — —

6.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

20.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 t-----

8 A

To

i? Julii.

6\i

Tenth Report on I'uhlic Account*.

Dates of Warrants.

Cieneral Ha

1781. January 10th.

July 4th. January 25th.

June 21 ft. November 30th. February 3d.

May 19th. October 6th. 2 id

February 3d.

June 30th. September 8th. October 5U1. February 8th. September 6th. May 13th.

29th. October 26th.

December 7th. Lieut. Col. Balfour.

January 17th. February 2d. July 31st September 4th.

January 13.

30th.

February 24th. March 15th. May 5th. June 6th.

28th. July 20th. August 1361. September 8th.

17th. 28th. October 20th. November 12th. December 15th. November 15 th. January 19th,

February 15th. March 29th. May 7th. January 19th.

April 7th. June 9th. September 5th. October 17th. Lieut General Leslie.

December 26. Lieut Col.

January 24th.

April 2d. February 12th.

1,5th.

To Adam Mabane, on Account of Expences of the General

liolpital at Quebec -

To D", on Account of D® -

To Richard Murray, on Account of Expences of Rebel Pri-loners ——

To D®, on Account of D°

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Thomas Duriti, on Account of the Naval Department -To D°, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, for sundry Rills drawn by the Officers and Lieut Governors commanding at the Polts in the Upper Country To Captain Brehm, on Account of the Barrack Master General’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To William Barr, El’quire, on Account of the General Hospital -

To D®, on Account of D®

To Lieut. Col. Carlton, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To C.Gugy, on Account, for building Barracks -To Lieut. Col. Butler, on Account of Subsistence for the Corps of Rangers ——

To Capt. J. Sherwood, on Account of Expresses, &c.

To Capt. George Benson, on Account of Contingencies

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, a Balance due to him on Account of D®

To D®, lent by him to Lord Cornwallis for the Use of the Troops -

To Capt. John M'Kinnon, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, which, with 19,000l. granted by Warrant of 27th May 1780, is the Amount of Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money, to the General and Staff and Corps of the Army in South Carolina and Georgia for the Year 1780 - -

To D®, on Account of his Department -To D®, on Account of D* -

To D°, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D", on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D*

To Gregory Townshend, Esquire, on Recount of the Commis-fary General’s Department- -

To D", on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Charles Morris, Deputy Purveyor, on Account of the Hospital at Charles Town -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -....

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D°, on Account of D*

To Capt. John M(Mahon, on Account of the Barrack Master General’s Department at Charles Town - -

To D®, on Account of D®

To Lieutenant Colonel AluredClerk, at Savannah, to carry on the Service within his Command -

To D°, to carry on D® Service -

A. 1783.

£ s. d.

500 -

300 -

800-----

1.000 -

600-----

10.000 -

12.000 -

12.000 -

190,842 11 -

6.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

4.000 -

500-----

500-----

5.000 -

200-----

3.000 -

100-----

400 — —

400 -

374 18 5

1,000 -

7,000-----

3,580-----

7.000 -

6.000 -

10.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

15.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

15.000 -

30.000 -

20.000 -

30.000 -

20.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 — —

2,000 -

6.000 — —

4.000 -

1,500-----

900-----

To

a3 Geo. Ill*

Dates of Warrants.

Lieut. Col. Balfour. 1781. March 5th.

June 22d. September I ith.

13d).

February 2d.

17th.

April 19th.

' May 31st.

July 20th. September ift. October 20th. Lieut. General Leslie.

December .5th. Lieut. Col. Balf our. February 21ft.

April 5th. March 16th. April 17th.

May 28th.

June lit. July loth. Auinift 6th. 22d.

October 8th. April 3d.

Lieut. General Leslie.

Deccmljer 15th. Lieut. Col. Balfour.

August 4th.

September 25th. Lord Cornw

April 8th.

Lieut. Col. Balfour.

May 4th.

June 8th.

August 9th. September 20th. October 16th. May 4th.

June 6th. July 6th. August oth.

2 id.

September 9th. October 20th. November 3d.

21ft.

28th.

December 28th. May 18th.

June 16th. August 3d. 6th. 17th.

September 5th. October 8th. 26th.

November 13th. December 28th.

20 Julii.

To Lieutenant Colonel Alured Clerk, at Savannah, to carry on the Service within his Command -To D®, on Account of D* Service -

To D°, on Account of D® Service -

To D®, on Account of D* Service -

To John Cruden, to enable him to execute the Office of Commissioner for sequestered Estates, which Sum is to be repaid out of the first Produces of Estates so lequestered -To Captain Augustus Provost, to carry on the Business of the Inspector General of Provincial Forces Department To D®, on Account of D° Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D°, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Adam Gordon, to be transmitted to Lord Renvdon, of His Majesty’s Service -

To D®, to be transmitted to Lord Cornwallis, for D® Service

To Capt. Henry Barry, on Account of the Militia -

To D°, on Account of D® -

To D°, on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of I)® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To John Junno, to enable Lieut. Col. John Brawn to carry on the Business of Superintendent of Indian Affairs -

To D°, to enable D° to carry on the like Service -

To Lieutenant Colonel Browne, to enable him to carry on the

Business of Superintendent of Indian Affairs -

To D®, on Account of D° -

To Lieutenant Colonel Tarldon, on Account of the British Legion -

To Major of Brigade Doyle, a Balance due to him for public Ex ponces at Camden -

To D®, on Account of Contingencies of a Corps under the Command of Lord Rawdon - -

To D°, a Balance due to him on said Account - -

To D®, for the Use of the Forces under Major General Gould -To Captain John Blake, on Acaount of Contingencies To Major John Morrison, on Account of the Commissary General's Department -

To D°, on Account of D* - - - - * *

To D", on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® ——

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D° -To D®, on Account of D®- a - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - - - - .* -

To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To James Fraser, El'quire, on Account of the Barrack Master s Department -

To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D° - - - *

To D°, on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D* ——

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D®- - -

To I)°, on Account of D®- - -

To D®, on Account of D® -

643

£. s. d. Tenth Report on Public Account*

1,500-----

2.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

4,000

3.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

3.000 -

4.000 -

4.000 -

4,000-----

400-----

544 8 10

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 --r --

1.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2,600 — - —

2.000 -

4.000 — ‘

3.000 -

3.000 -

5,000-----

1,428 11 i

1,000----

571 1 M

217 15 6$

1,100 — —

10,000 -

20.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 — —

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

20.000 -

10.000 -

20.000 -

1,000 ----1

1,000 -

2,060-----

500-----

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

2,000 -

3,500 -

Vol. 39.

To

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

644

2° JuliL

Dates of Warrants.

Lieut. Col.

1781. August 8th.

9th.

14th.

Lieut General Leslie. December 24th.

Lieut Col. Balfour.

August 14.

September lft. Lieut. General Leslie.

December 10. Lieut. Col. Balfour.

October 17.

Lieut. General Leslie. November 12 th.

2 lft.

December 8th. Lieut. Col. Balfour.

November 15. Lieut. General Leslie. December 18th. January 6th.

Lord Cornwallis.

February, 5.

Lieut. Col. Balfour.

July 6th.

M. General Phillips.

April 8th.

Lieut. General Leslie.

June 12th. M. General Phillips.

April 15th.

Lieut. General -July 10th. Lord Cornwallis.

June lft. August 24th. October 4U1. Lieut General Leslie.

June 4U1.

16th. July 11th.

Lord Cornwallis. September 10 th.

General Haldimand.

January 2d.

February 21ft. May 26th. October 6th. February 21ft.

April 20th. July 13th. October 19th. May 6th.

September nth. November 26th. July lft.

To Major j. II. Craig, to carry on the public Service at Wilmington -

To D", to carry on D® Service -

To D°, to carry on D® Service -

To D\ being the Balance of his contingent Account during his Command at Wilmington -

To Lieut Colonel Stewart, commanding His Majesty’s Forces

on the Frontiers, on Account....

To D°, on Account, the above being taken by the Enemy -

To D°, being the Balance of Disbursements -

To Jos. Paul Collin, on Account of Militia Expences

To D®, on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D* -To D°, on Account of D" -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D°, on Account of D® -

To Major Fred Bowes, on Account of public Services -To Lord Raw'don, to enable him to defray sundry extraordinary

Expences - -- -....

To Anthony Knscht, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department -

To J. H. Craig, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the Garrison of Wilmington -

To Captain George Velancey, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Lieut. Jet Strctton, on Account of the Engineers Department - -

To D®, on Account of D°-

To John Storey, on Account of the General Hospital To D°, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Captain Francis Fraser, on Account of his Department as Inspector of Negroes -

To Lieut. General Leslie, on Account of Contingencies -To Lieut Peter Hunter, on Account of the Barrack Master General’s Department -

To Charles Stedman, on Account of his Department as Commissary of Captures - -

To Captain William Twiss, commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department -

To D", on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D*- -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Nathaniel Day, Commissary General, on Account of his

Department -

To D®, on Account of D® - - - *

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D* -

To Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, on Account of the Indian Department of the Province of Quebec -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Lieut. Col. Barry S’. Leger, on Account of Expences of the Post at SR John’s,....

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

200----->

50 — — 60----

692 12 8

217 15 6 217 15 6

277 7 2

1.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

4,000----

544 3 10

200----

200-----

150----

2,000----

.500---- —

400-----

293 16 8

200-----

500-----

300-----

100-----

100-----

530 3 6

*17 »5 61

6.000 -

1,400-----

6.000 -

6.000 ---- —

20.000 -

10.000 — —

10.000 -

10.000 -

6.000 -

3.000 -

6.000 -

i5

To

2® Julli.

53 Geo. III.

Dates of Warranto.

General Ilal

17S1. A uplift 6 th.

May 14th.

November 7th. October 4th.

December 17th.

General Vaughan.

January lft.

June 22d. January 10th.

June 22d. Brig. General Present.

January 31st.

Lieut. Gen.

Match lit. June 201b.

July lft.

21 ft.

December 8th. July 21 It.

May lft.

Brig. General

January 17.

February 8th.

May 8th. July 21ft. October 16th.

20th. November 9. January 15th.

April 26th. Lieut. Col.

May i8lh. June 30th. Brig. General

July 19. September 7th.

December 31 It.

Brig. General

February i(ith.

March 10th. May 1,5th. Lieut. Col. Bruce.

June 8th. Brig. General Campbell.

July 19th. September 8th. November 24th. Brig. General XPLean.

February 16th. Brig. General Campbell. September 6th. Lieut. Col. Bruce.

May 12 th.

Brig. General Campbell.

July 19.

To Lieut. Col. Barry S' Leger, on Account of Expences of the Poll at St. John’s -To Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Carkton, on Account of his Department as Quarter Matter General -To D% on Account of 1)°

To Captain T. Sherwood, on Account of Exprefies, &c.

To Sir John Johnson, for a particular Service -To J. Fraser, to enable him to dii'charge Contingencies of fu d ry Regiments -

To Mathew Forster, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department - - - .

To D®, on Account of D®

To Lieutenant Colonel James Cuckburn, on Account of the Quarter M after General’s Department -To D®, on Account of D°

To John Jaffray, Deputy Commissary General, on Account

To Tho' Wilson,aAing Secretary, on Account of Contingencies -

To Robert Glasgow, on Account of Expences of the Hospitals in the West Indies - -

To L>*, being a Balance of Expences to 24th June 1781 To D\ on Account of Expences of the Hospitals -To D®, being a Balance ot Expences to 24th October 1781 To Lieut. Charles Shipley, Commanding Engineer, on Account of Expences in his Department -

To Captain JVdliam Gomm, Assistant Deputy Quarter Master

General, on Account of his Department -

To Lieutenant Col. Campbell, for a Bill drawn by him for Expences at Penobfcot -

To John Craujurd, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

To D°, on Account of D*

To D#, on Account of D® - -

To D#, on Account of D#- -

To D°, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To Jo1 XIorden, Esquire, Barrack Master, on Account of his

Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -,-

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® ~ -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D* -

To Major William Handfield, Deputy Quarter Master General, a Balance to 31st December 1780 -

To D®, on Account of his Department -To D", on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D°, on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Charles Lyons, Town Major, on Account of his Department -To D®, on Account of D* -

To Captain William Spry, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To D®, on Account of D® _ - -

Tenth

Report on Public ~ t Accounts. *

£. s. a*

100 — —

5.000 -

5.000 -

100----

300----

72----

12.000 — —

25.000 -

1,500 — — 6,000 —

638 16 —

2,000 —

300 — 2,722 8 1

500-----

M45 6 7

1.000 -

1.000 -

623-----

5.000 -

3.000 -

5.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

8.000 -

1.000 -

1,500-----

956 1 10

2,300-----

2,800-----

638 12 if

1,500-----

3,200-----

2,227 7 7*

2,000----

1,914----

1,500----

4,263 5 —

4.700 -

3.700 -

250----

250 -

4.000 -

4.000 -

VOL. 39.

8 B

To

64S

2° Julii.

-A- 17S3.

Tenth Kcjrort git Public Accounts.

Dates of Warrants.

Brig. General 1781. August 14th.

September 7th.

October 31st. November 21ft. Lieut. Col. Bruce.

May 21ft.

Brig. G eneral Campbell.

October 6th. July 26th. September 4th.

5th-

November 1 ith.

Lieut. General Leslie. 1782. March 11th.

April 7th. March 10th.

14th. April 14th.

May 2d. Jtme 10th. 27th. July ift. nth. August 19th. September 12th. November 8th. March 2 2d.

25th,

Jane 11th. April 8th.

March 30th.

April 27th. 'Julie 8th.

24. July 3d. 19th* August 19th. September 27th. October 17th. 26th.

November 26th. December 6th.

8th. April 7th.

July 13th. October 21ft. April 10 th.

May 18th. Jilly 7 th.

April uth.

November 8th.

April 16th,

June 7th. July 13th. November 20th.

To Captain William Spry, on Account of the Engineer’s Department -

To D\ on Account bf D* -

To D°, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Andrew Finucane, Commissary of Prisoners, on Account of his Department -

To Dp, on Account of D® - -

To John Marshall, on Account of the Hospital -To Lieutenant Donald Steimrt, for a Bill drawn by him for Expences at Penobfcot -

To D#, for a D°. drawn by him for D* Service -To Captain John Evatt, for a Bill drawn by him for Repairs of the Barracks at Spanish River -

To J. P. Collin, on Account of the Militia -To D\ on Account of D# ——

To Captain John McKinnon, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To D*, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D#, on Account of D* -

To D°, on Account of D° -

To D*, on Account of D°- ?

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D°, on Account of D® -

To John Rose, on Account, for Horses, Provisions, &c. supplied

the Forces in Carolina - ....

To Captain Augustus Prevost, Inspector General of the Provincial Forces, on Account of his Department -To D®, on Account of D* -

To Major John Doyle, a Balance due on his Expenditures, made

by Order, and during the Command of Brigadier General Stuart To Major John Morrison, Deputy Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D", on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D#, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Charles Morris, Deputy Purveyor of the Holpitnl, on Account of his Department - -

To D®, on Account OfD®....

To D®, on Account of D*

To Captain John MlMahon, Barrack Master, on Account of his Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, being a Balance of ~his Expenditures, from ift April 1781

to 30th April 1782 ——

To Messrs. Stedman and Boote, Coittmiffaries of Captures, on Account of their Department -

To D®, being the Balance due for their Expenditures when attending the Army under Lord Cornwallis - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Brmtme, Superititendantof Indian Affairs in Georgia and East Florida, on Account of his Department To D®, on Account of D* ——

To I)®, on Account of D®....

To D®, being a Balance of Expenditures in his Department to 30th September 1782 -

£ * d.

4»oooo - — ____

4.000 — _____

2.000 ______

2.000 ______

150 — __

300 — _ 200 — __

746 13 4

57 13 4 102 4 __

3.000 — ___

3.000 __

2.1 *3 4 6

7,359 6 1 10,000 ___ ___

4.000 — ____

5.000 — __

5.000 — ___

5.000 — ____

5.000 — __

13.000 — __

5.000 -

L757 10 -.

300 — __

2.000 - — ____

2.500 — __

152 18 8

10.000 — ___

10.000 — _____

5.000 — ___

5.000 — _____

5.000 — _____

10.000 — -___

10.000 — ____

20.000 ______

17,331 14 8

10.000 — . __

20.000 — -

10.000 — . ___

6.000 — _____

2.000 -

2.000 — _____

2.000 -

6.000 -

2.500 — - — .

579 4 3i 139 12 5 496 7 5

2.000 -

5.000 -

4.000 — —

1,740 18 6

To

23 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

Lieut. General Leslie. 1782. April 26.

November 27th. Major General Clinton.

April 13th.

Lieut General Leslie.

May 26th.

June 26th. July 12 th. August 6th. September 4th.

3otit October 3d. 7th. 15th.

November 26th. May 26th.

July 24th.

September 7th.

August 3d.

November 21ft.

24th.

December 3d. September 12th.

October lit

2d.

4th.

8th.

23d.

November 7 th.

26th. October 31st.

November 14th.

December lft.

General Hal

April 8th.

25th. January 3d. June 7th. September 15th. January 3d.

February 2 2d. June 8th. 2d.

July 24th. October 13th. February 7th.

June 10th. October 12th. February 7th.

8th.

Vol. 39.

2° Ju

To Samuel Berne, Esquire, Auditor General of Public Accounts,

on Account of his Department. - -

To D*, on Account of I)0 -

To Major Charles O'Hara, on Account of Contingencies that

may be incurred under his Command....

To Colonel Robert Gray, Deputy Paymaster to the Militia, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D# -To D®, on Account of D*

To D®, on Account of D* -

To D*, on Account of D* -

To D®, on Account of D° -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D°, on Account of D°

To D*, on Account of D°

To D°, on Account of D°

To Capt. Tho1 Baddeley, Barrack Master, on Account of his Department ——

To George Sutherland, Assistant Barrack Master, on Account of his Department - -

To D®, being a Balance due to him for his Disbursements, from lft May to lft August 1782 -

To John Graham, Superintendent of Indian Affairs in the Western Division of the Southern District, - on Account of his Department -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D°, being a Balance of Expenditures, from lft July to 31st December -

To James Cruden, Acting Commissioner of sequestered Estates, on Account of his Department -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Lieuten&nt Colonel AUen, Commandant of Charles Town, on Account of his charitable Donations -To Andrew Robertson, Esquire, Barrack Master, on Account of his Department To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D\ on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D® -To D°, on Account of D*

To D°, being a Balance due to him -To Lieutenant Colonel George C,on Account of Cavalry Expences ——

To Captain John Bktcke, to be distributed in charitable Do-

nations -

To Rob1 Anderson, on Account, for the Black Pioneer Troops going to the West Indies -

To Lieutenant Colonel Carlton, Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department ....

To D®, on Account of D° -To D®* on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -To I)®, on Account of D* -

To Thomas Dunn, Esquire, on Account of Bills, drawn by Officers commanding at Upper Posts -

To D°, on Account githe Naval Department - -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of Bills drawn by Officers commanding at Upper Posts -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of the Naval Department ... To Captain William Twist, on Account of Engineer’s Department -To D®, on Account of D* -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To Adam Mabane, Esquire, on Account of the Garrison Hospital at Quebec ——

To Nathaniel Day, Esquire, Connnissary General, on Account of his Department, -

£. s. d.

400----

639 9 —

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

1,000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

4.000 -

3.000 -

5.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

200 —

2,600 — 225 —

2,000 —

2.000 —

525 10 7

2,69518 7

2.000 —

1,271 7 8 £

2.000 -

1.000 -

200----

1.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

3.000 -

1,140 1 5

34 2 3

300----

ioo-----

124-----

8,548 15 — 4,863 15 —

5.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 — —

10.000 -

12.000 -

12.000 -

17.000 -

11.000 -

7.000 -

12.000 -

6.000 -

6.000 -T --

6.000 -

,500 ——

10,000----

To

IVnth

lUju.rt on 1‘uMic Accounts.

<s48

Dates of Warrants.

General Hi

1782. May 13th.

July 2oth. October 19th. February 10th.

March 29th.

July 23d. October 3d. March 5th.

October 15 th. April 6th.®

July 23d. August 18th. 23d.

General Clinton. January 25.

February 20th. April 30th.

May 3d. 4th.

January 30th.

t

March 2 2d. May 3d. 4th.

December 12th. January 31st.

March 13th. April 30th. February 17th.

March 31st. May 4th.

August 29th. February 23d.

April 3d.

24th.

May 4th.

21 ft.

June 2.3th. July 18th. A u quit 19 th.

October 16th. General Carlton. May 3lit.

2° Julii.

To Nathaniel Day, Esquire, Conimissary General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D# -To D#, on Account of D® -

To Captain DlBrehm, on Account of the Barrack Master General's Department -

To D\ on Account of D" - - - - *-

To D®, on Account of D" -

To D°, on Account of D® -

To Philip Rochb/ave, on public Account, as Commandant at the Illinois ——

To D°, on D® Account, as D®

To Richard Murray, on Account of Expences of Rebel Prisoners - -

To D®, on Account of D° -

To JVm Barr, on Account, for the Service of the Hospital To Henry Hamilton, Esquire, for Subsistence of Major Hay, and the Interpreter at Detroit -

To Major General William Dalrymp Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account, Of D® -

To D®, on Account of D* -To D®, on Account of D° -To D°, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D*

To D®, on Account of D®

To D°, on Account of D® -

To Colonel lVmCrosbie, Barrack Master General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To PeterPaumier, Deputy Commissary, on Account of his De-

partment -

To D®, on Account of D® , -To D®, on Account of D® -

To Lieutenant General Campbell, to enable him to pay the Staff Officers of the Garrison of Pensacola, who are Prisoners of War to Spain ——

To D®, to enable him to perform the like Service -

To Captain Abraham D'Aubant, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D" -

To Messrs. Gordon, Biddulph, and C®, on Account of Subsistence for Provincial Forces -

To D®, w'hich, with 75,000l. granted by Warrants of 21st July, 4th September, and 31st October, 1780, is for Subsistence paid by them to the Provincial Forces, from 25th June to the 24th December 1780 ——

To D®, on Account of Subsistence for the Provincial Forces To D°, which, with 75,000l. granted by Warrants of 25th December 1780, 24th February, and 24th April 1781, is for Subsistence paid by them to D® Forces, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

To D®, on Account of Subsistence for D® Forces To D®, on Account of D®

To Major Simon Fraser, which, with .217 /. 15$. 6d. paid him by Lieut. Col. Campbell, and 10,117 Z. 15J* 6rf. by General Prevost's Warrants, is the Amount of his Expenditures as Deputy Quarter Master General, from lft January to 31st December 1779 -

To Maurice Morgan, Esquire, Secretary to the Commander in Chief, on Account of his Department - -

To Jonathan Mallet, on Account of the Hospital -

To 1)°, on Account of D* ——

To D®, being a Balance due on his Expenditures, to 24th June

1782....

To D®, being aD®, to 24th September 1782 -

To Brook Watson, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

A’ 1783.

£. s. d.

10.000 -

30.000 -

20.000 -

4.000 -

(j,oooo----

6.000 -

4.000 -

280-----

200-----

800-----

7.50----

500-----

333 -

6,000----

40.000 -

4,408 3 2 2,727 8 6

8,527 — 6 12,917 7 »»

40.000 -

20.000 — —

25.000 -

30.000 -

10,758 16 4

25.000 -

7,650----

20.000 -

20.000 -

40.000 -

819 15 9 421 12 6

10,000-----

14,360-----

25,000-----

36,021 10 11

25,000 :-----

37A94 3 3

23.000 -

22.000 -

7,402 14 5

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,163 1 il 741 15 1 i

10,000----

To

HIM

3 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrant*.

General Carlton. 17S2. July 8th.

17th. 1 ;)th. Au<rust 2d. 5th. 25th. September oth.

27th. 30th. 06lober 16th. 27 th.

November 3d.

2d.

6th.

26th.

December 14th.

25th. July 8th.

September gth.

27 th.

November 15 th. December 23d. July 23d.

August 23d.

October 29th.

November 8th.

December 12th.

Lieut General Leslie.

January 5.

3d-

November 15th. January 16th.

18th.

February 21ft.

7th.

27 th.

16th.

March lft.

General Haldimand. February 6th.

May 9th. February 9th.

May 14th. February 2oth.

Julii.

649

To Brook Watson, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department - -

To D8, on Account of D8 -

To D°, on Account of D° - -

To D°, on Account of D#- - -

To D°, on Account of D° - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To D8, on Account of I)°

To D°, on Account of D*

To D8, on Account of D8 To D8, on Account of D*

To D", on Account of D° -

To D8, on Account of D* -

To D*, on Account of D° - - - >

To D*, on Account of D8 - - - - ->

To D8, on Account of D* - - - *

To D*, on Account of D* -

To D8, on Account of D* - -

To D°, on Account of D* -

To Col. Roger Morris, Inspector of the Claims of Refugees, on Account of his Department -

To D*, on Account of D* -

To 1)°, on Account of D°- - -

To D8, on Account of D8 -

To D°, on Account of D8 - -

To D8, on Account of D8 -

To D8, on Account of D8 - -

To Beriah Norton, Esquire, to be distributed among the In-

habitants of Martha’s Vineyard, for Cattle, Sheep, and Hay fumished by them -

To Colonel Lentz, on Account of Bat, Baggage, and Forage for the Officers of the Corps of Hesse Hanau -To Lieutenant Colonel d‘Along an, oo Account of D*, for D8 of the Brunswick Troops -

To Lieutenant General James Robertson, on Account of his

Salary as Governor of New York -

To William Smith, Esquire, on Account of his Salary as Chief Justice of D° -

To Major Beckwith, on Account of Secret Service to Government, to be accounted for hereafter - - *

To Captain John MlMahon, on Account of the Barrack Master General’s Department -

To Captain John M'Kirmon, on Account of the Quarter Master General’s Department -

To D8, 00 Account of D8 - -

To Lieutenant Walter Cliffe, to carry on the Service under the Command of Lieutenant Colonel Alured Clerk - -

To John Morrison, Esquire, on Account of the Commissary General’s Department -

To D°, on Account of D8 - - - - .

To Lieutenant Col. Alured Clerk, sent by His Majesty’s Ship Charles Town, commanded by Rupert George, Esquire, on Account -

To D8, being a Balance for Expenditures made by him, from 26th May 1780 to 31st December 1781 -

To J. P. Collin, remitted by him to John Graham, Superinten dant of Indians, on Account of that Service - *

To Major of Brigade Frederick Bowes, on Account of Contin gencies -

April 20th.

Vo 1.. 39.

To Captain William Twiss, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department - -

To D8, on Account of D8 - -

To Nathaniel Day, Commissary General, on Account of his Department ——

To D°, on Account of D8 - -

To Lieutenant Col. Guy Johnson, Superintendant of Indians, on Account of his Department - - - .

To Lieutenant Col. Campbell, Ditto, on Account of his Department -

8 C

£. s. d.

10.000 -

20,930-----

10.000 -

10.000 -

9,302 13 —

10.000 -

10.000 -

10,853 17 —

20.000 — —

10.000 -

30.000 -

5,402 17 3

10.000 -

968 1 4

5,029 10 lof

10.000 -

6,464 7 1

20,000-----

2.000 -

2.000 -

1,280----1

4,227 14 2 1,085-----

822 12 11

337 3 4

3,600 — —

250-----

600-----

4.000 -

506-----

980----

6.000 — —

8,000

15,000

1,000

20,000 10,000

4*000----

503 14 1

1,000 -

300----

6,ood----

6.000 -

10,000 -

io, ood----

i,50o — —

6.000 -

To

l’enth

Report 011 Public Accounts.

A. 1783

Tenth

Report on Public Acedbnts.

650

1° Julli.

Dales of Warrants.

General Haldiman d.

1782. May 12th. To Captain F. Maures Inspector of Batteaus, on Account of that Service -

Major General Christie. February 12th.

General Mathews.

Mav 2r)th. Major General Christie. January nth.

General Ma

May 22(1. April 9th.

To Robert GInshore, Esquire, a Balance of Hospital Expences, from 25th October to 24th December 1781 -

To D®, a Balance of D’, to 24th April 1782 -

To Major George Darner, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

To D#, on Account of D®

To Mathew Forster, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

July 4th. To Lieutenant Col. Cor Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

August 10th. To D°, on Account of D® -

September 22d. To D®, on Account of D®....

December 13th. To D®, on Account of D* -

May 7th. To John Stezeart, Esquire, Purveyor, on Account of the Hof- pitals - -

August 29th. To D®, on Account of D® -

July 13th. To Lieutenant Charles Shipley, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To Henry Losack, Secretary, on Account, for Secret Service To D®, on Account, for D® -

To D®, on Account, for Contingencies - - - -,

To John Joffray, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General, on Account of his Department -

To D®, on Account of D® -

September 2 2d. October 26th. December 8th. October 7th.

November lyth. October 21ft.

December 28th.

Brig. General Campbell.

January 19th. To lVm Handheld, Deputy Quarter Master General, on Account of his Department -

April 16th. To D®, being a Balance - -

May 1 ft. To D®, on Account of his Department -june 13th. To D®, on Account of D® -

August 26th. To D®, on Account of D® -

Major General Patterson.

October lft. To Roger Johnson, Assistant Commissary General, on Account of his Department ——

24th. To D°, on Account of D® -Brig. General Campbell.

January 19th. To Captain fVm Sprye, Commanding Engineer, on Account of his Department ——

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, being a Balance of Expences between the 1 ft of October 1778 and 30th June 1780 -

To D®, on Account of his Department -To D®, on Account of D*

To D®, on Account of D® -February 20th. To John Crawford, Deputy Commissary General, on Account of his Department - -

To D®, on Account of D*

To D", on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D*

To D°, on Account of D® - *

To D®, on Account of D®

To D®, on Account of D*

To James Morden, Barrack Master, on Account of his De partment -

April 5th To D®, on Account of D® -

July 4th. To D®, on Account of D® - -

February 9th. 20th. July 17th. September 9th.

August 26th. September 12th.

28 th.

March 19th. May 13th. June 22d.

26th. July 6th. 2 2d. 3.1 ft-August 26th. September 2d. February 5th.

£. s. d. 1,000-----

589 8 8 1,418 18 10$

1,000 — - —

1,500-----

5,960 —

2.000 -

4.000 -

3.000 -

5.000 -

300-----

600-----

1.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 -

1.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

14,500-----

2,219 5 —

2,204 10 4$

3.000 -

3.000 -

4,765-----

1,000----

14,000-----

4.000 -

3.000 -

2.000 — - —

4.000 -

3-S24 7 2i

2.000 — —

4.000 -

4.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 -

2.500 -

750 -

3.500 -----'

1,110 8 3

1.000 -

4.000 -

1,690 11 —

7.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

1,117 14 —

T*

i° Julii.

23 Gxo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

Brig. General Campbell. 1/82. . March 2d.

June 8th. July 29th. March 25th.

April 18th. June 6th. ..... — July 15th.

September 11 th.

5th.

9th.

12 th.

October 25th. March 28th. . April 28th. June lit. April 30th.

May 6th. June 26.

October 23. General Carlton. 1783. January 13th.

February 11 th. January 27th.

February 17th.

14.

13-

17th.

General Mathews. February 10th.

25.

To Charles Lyons, Town Major, on Account of Contingencies -

To D®, on Account of D* -

To D®, on Account of D® -«----- To Lieut. Donald Stewart, for Two Bills drawn by him for Expences of the Works at Penobfeot -

To D°, on Account of D*. Expences -

To D®. for Two Bills drawn by him on Account of D® -

To D®, for One D® drawn by him on Account of D°

To D®, for One D® drawn by him on Account of D®

To D®, for One D® drawn by him on Account of D"

To Captain Thomas Hortrup, Commanding Engineer at Penobfeot, for a Bill drawn by him for Expences of the Works there To D®, for a Sum sent him by Captain Rupert George, on Account of said Works -

To D®, for One Bill drawn by him on Account of D®

To D®, for One 1>® drawn by him on Account of D®

To D®, for One D® drawn by him on Account of D®

To Charles Morris, on Account of the Engineer’s Department. -To D®, on Account of D® -

To D®, on Account of D° -

To John Marshall, a Balance due for Expences of the Hospital for Prisoners, from 1st July to 31st December 1781 To D®, on Account of said Hospital -To Andrew Finucane, to enable him to close the Accounts in his late Department -

To D®, on Account of Contingencies -

To Brook JVatson, Esquire, Commissary General, on Account of his Department . - - - .

To I)', on Account of D® - -

To Gregory Twwnshend, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General, on

Account of his Department - -

To George Brinley, to enable him to carry on the Business of the Forage and Fuel Branch, in the Commissary General’s Department -

To Thomas Aston Coffin, to enable him to pay sundry Widows of Provincial Officers - -

To D®, to enable him to pay sundry Refugees - -

To D®, to enable him to pay the W’ages due to the Officers and Crew of the Armed Brig Greyhound -

To D®, to enable him to pay Expenditures in the Engineer’s Department -

To D®, to enable him to pay sundry Salaries in the Department of New York ——

To Thomas Ashton Coffin, to enable him to pay sundry Salaries in the Department of New York - -

To D®, to enable him to pay the Wages due to the Officers and Crew of the Armed Brig Greyhound -

25°----

JOO — —

25o----

651

d. Tenth Report 6n Publid Accounts.

653 6 8

i,oooo-----

1,026 13 4

280-----

532-----

97 7 7

2t4 13 4

2.000 -

93 6 8

205 6 8

186 13 4

2.000 — - —

3.000 -

3.000 -

223 19 4I 200-----

100-----

300-----

10,000----

2,621 11 —

2,000----

3,000 ——

250 16 8

5,542 12 31

373 10

1,306 4

407 4 8

230 10 3

124 10

To Lieutenant Colonel Cornelius Cuyler, Quarter Matter General, on Account of Expences in his Department -

To John Stewart, Purveyor, on Account of Expences of the Hospital....

5,000 — 400 —

7,420,013 5 — i

Paymaster General’s Office, 16th June 1783.

That Bang ham.

Vo l. 39-

N* 2g, '

y

1.. 'r

Tenth Report Ofc Public Account*

65a

2" Julii.

A. 1783.

N° 28.

LIST of Persons who have palfed their Accounts in the Offices of the Auditors of the Imprest, of Money received by them, ty way of Imprest, of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of the Forces, for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, since the 24th of December 1764, with the total Sums they have severally accounted for; dist so much of those Sums as are ^included in the Lifts received from the Pay Office, from so much as is omitted in the said Lifts.

Accountants Names*

MeflTrs. Z. P.

reau, and Sir J/ey Burrell Right hon. Thomas Harley and John Drummond -

Messrs. Z. P. F01 reau, and Sir Burrell Messrs. Z. P. Foi reau, and Sir Meyrick Burrell

Major General Try on -

W"

Sums accounted for,

Service. Time of Account. and inserted in

tha Pay Office Lift.

Victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar - From 15th September 1766 to 10th September 1769 - £. s. d. 4,266 18 3

Remitting Money tol America - - -1 1 IFrom 15th March 1769 to 20 December 1770 L 120,000

Barrack Master at Ply-i ' mouth Dock - -j [For 5 Years, to the 24th 1 November 1773 2,500

Victualling the Garrisonf From 9th September 1771 of Gibraltar - -t to 5 th September 1773 64,211 7 9

Victualling the GarrisonJ ’of Gibraltar - ffroin 2d 0Sober 1775 [ to the 11th May 1777 53,438 16 6

Late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Province of New York - - Between 19th January ’ 1775 and 22d March 1780 - - - 22,500 — —

Mr. Andrexo Clinton

Sir George Baronet

Arnold Nesbitt, deceased, AdamDrummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires

Barrack Master at Plymouth Dock

For 3 Years, ending 24 November 1781

Victualling the GarrisonlFrom 18th January 1779 of Gibraltar - - -J to 12th March 1780 -

' Contractors for viCtu-1

ailing 13,700 Men in I Between 19th December

1778 and 13th April 1780

America, for 52 Weeks,) per Contraft, dated 18th f November 1778 - -J Contractors for victual-"|

Adam Drummond, Mo-I ling 13,700 Men in Ame- Between 29th November scs Franks, and John{ rica, for 52 Weeks, perl 1779 *nd 5th Septem Contract, dated 2d Sep-| ber 1781 -tember 1779 - -J

Receiver General of the Province of Quebec For Amount of Bills' drawn by H. T. Cra-mahe -

For Amount of Bills' drawn by Sir Guy Carle-ton -

For Amount of Bills drawn by F. '

Barrack Master Ply-"' ’ mouth Dock

f Contractors for victual-Adam Drummond, Mo-\ ling 13,700 Men in Ame-ses Franks, and Johnl rica, for 52 Weeks, per

Nesbitt, Esquires - Contract dated 2d September 1779

Between 3d March 1781 and 21st August following Between 9th February 1782 and 24th August following -

Sir George WomlncellA Contractor for victual-ffrom 18th January 1779, Baronet, deceufed -[ling Gibraltar - -[ to 12th March 1780 -|

Nesbitt, Esquires Sir Thomas Mills Sir Thomas Mills

Sir Thomas Mills

Sir Thomas Mills Mr. Andrew Clinton ‘

Between lft January 1772 and 31st October 1778

Between lft January 1772 and 31st October 1778

Ditto - - Ditto - -

Ditto - - Ditto - -

For 5 Years, to the 24th November 1781

Between 29th November 1779 and 5th September 1781 - -

Ditto - - Ditto

Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto - - Ditto - - Ditto - - Ditto

3.000 -

65,849 14 6

121,386 4 7

106,870 15 9

7.000 -

52,588 — 8

5L505 14 5

1,241 1 11

1,500----

12,598 13 6

106,356 4 10

81,333 11 10 28.409 1 3

Sums accounted far, omitted in tht Pay Office Lift.

Lieut.

23 Geo. Ill

a* Julit. *53

Time of Account. Sums accounted for, and inserted in the Pay Office Lift. Sums accounted for, omitted in the Pay Office Lift.

£. s. d. £. d.

'From lft June 1780 to 31st December 1781 - 2,060

From ill July 1778 to the 31st December 1782 ... 65,900 7 lo|

[Between 25th June 1764 and 24th December [1778 24,247 16 9 10,321 — 5

From lft September 1764 to 30th September 1770 22,188 4 7

' Between 24th December > 1764 and 14th March 1776 41,808 11 7

-In the Year 1780 - 31,207 1 1 10,000

From 24th January 1767 to 24th August 1771 - From 24th November 1773 to 24th November [1778 [Account ended 31st De-| December 1771 - 15,145 10 7 3,500 13,248 7 9

[Ditto - - Ditto - 7,478 4 n

fin the Years 1772 and I 1773 26,300

[From 12th May 1777 to J 17th January 1779 -| Between 20th December 69,133 10 1

Tenth Report on Public? Accounts#

Accountants Names.

Lieut Hairy Haldane,' Secretary and Aid dc Camp to Earl Cornwallis, commanding His Majesty's Forces in the Southern District of North America Lieut. Col. Jet cries, commanding I Engineer in the Southern District of North America Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of Regimental Infirma-

4

nes

Anthony Bacon, Esquire

Witter Cuming and A’.aider Mason - -

Mathew Cox Esquire

Edward Codrington, Esquire

Andrew Cli, Ef-

quire -

Contraftor for supplying the Forces stationed in the IHands of Dominica, Tobago, and St. Vincent’s -Contractors for victualling the Forces in Eali Florida For fumishing the Fo encamped in Engli with Wood, Straw, and Forage Contraftor for vift ling the Forces in West Florida

Sir Thomas Mills

Ditto - - Ditto -

r

[drawn

-\mouth Dock

For Aihount of by H. T.

[ For Amount of -< drawn by Sir Guy C [ton -Major General Wm'

Dalrymple, Commander in Chief oft the Army in the llland of St. Vincent’s -

Burrell

— n -

-[Gibraltar f ContraC

Harley and Drummond,\ting Money to North > [America - - -j

Zachary Philip reau and Sir Burrell

Ditto - - Ditto

Ulysses Fitzmaurice -

Sir John Hcnand

others -

Ditto — Ditto - -

Ditto — Ditto - -Ditto — Ditto - -Ditto - - Ditto - -

Vol. 39.

1770 and 30th July 1778

Contractors for victual-] From nth September ling the Garrison of> 1769 to 8th September

J 1771

ffrom 6th September 1773 [ to lft October 1775 -Between 25th October

Gibraltar Ditto - - Ditto -

Governor of St. Vincent's, Tobago, &c.

Pursuant to Contraft

Ditto - - Ditto -Ditto — Ditto -Ditto - - Ditto -Ditto - - Ditto -

1768 and 5th April 1770; and from 17th July 1771 to 14 No-. vember following 2d September 1779

13th November 1778 3d February 1777 2d April 1776 14th May 1778 -

3,156,553 7 1

52,887 6 3 67,560 15 —

5,184 8 — 106,674 16 —

120,253 6 — 88,607 10 11 112,682 18 5 104,964 6 —

8 D

191 18 1

12,800 12 3

John

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

654

Juki.

A \ 178

Accountants Names.

Service.

John Wentworth

Sir John Henn and,

WiltiumDecaynes -<'

Time of Account

r, x- tT *. Betwen 13th June 1775

Governor, NewHampftiire! M<wh

Contractors for furnishing a Quantity of Provisions for the Supply of 13,700 Men at New York and its Dependen-

> 2d September 1779

cies

John Bona

Con trad or for fufnish-' ing His Majesty’s Forces, J encamped in England in jthe Year 1781, with Bread, Wood, Straw, and

Forage

J

In 1781

Sums accounted for, and inserted in the Pay Office Lirt.

Matthew Cow -

Contractor for furnish-f ing his Majesty’s Forces, encamped in England in the Year 1780, with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage

Contractors for furniQi-' ing a Quantity of Pro-

>In 1780

Sir John Henniker and \ viftons for the Supply William Decaynes - of 8,000 Men at New [York and its Dependen-

> 6th February 1781

cies

J

Major Richard England

Deputy Quarter Matter General in the District of South and North Carolinas, and Virginia -

Between lft January and 31st December 1781 -

£. s. d. 1,600-----

12,800 12 3

51,224 3 1

14,468 12 7

71,299 19 5

23,090 9 14-

Sums accounted for, omitted in the Pay Office Lilt.

5,218,625 11

£. s. d.

33,313 10 9

N# 29.

A LIST of Persons to whom large Sums have been issued upon Account, at different. Times, by Paymasters General of the Forces; with the total Sums for which they stand accountable to the Public.

Daniel Wier, late Commissary General in North America 4* -Thomas Dunn, Paymaster to the Marine Department in Canada -Nathaniel Day, Commissary General in Canada -

Major General William Dalrymple, late Quarter Matter General in North America Lieut* Colonel George Clerk, late Barrack Matter General in North America Lieut. Colonel William Crosbie, late Barrack Matter General in North America

£. s. d.

- 1,343,050

- 986,384

592,896

- 549,901

- 406,298

- 335,958

£ 4,214,487

N* 30.

23 Geo. III.

tfjulii.

N° 30.

The Examination of Anthony Bacon, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 20th of February 1783.

This Examinant faith, That some Time, as he believes, in the Year 1764, he entered into a ContraQ with the Lords of the Treasury, for supplying Negroes for the Life of the new ceded Islands.

Upon Production to the Lords of the Treasury of Accounts of the Services performed, and of Certificates signed, either by the Commander in Chief, or by the Commissioners for the Sale of Lands in those Islands, or by the Surveyors, that l'uch Services were performed; and upon a Reference of the Accounts and Certificates to some of their Clerks for Examination; he received, from Time to Time, the Amount of the Accounts from the Exchequer, pursuant to Warrants obtained for that Purpose; except that Three of thele Payments were made to him by the Paymaster General of the Forces; thele Sums were Payments for Services performed, and not imprested to him.

In the Year 1768 the Balance due to him on this Contract being settled by the like Means, he obtained from the Lords of the Treasury a Warrant, dated 20th of December 17G8, directed to the Paymaster General of the Forces, to pay him the Sum of One thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, being the Balance of that Account, without Deduction, and without Account.

This Examinant further faith, That he entered into an Agreement with the Lords of the Treasury, to furnish Bread, Candles, Coals, and Straw, to the Troops in the Isle of Man: He delivered to them an Account of the

Execution of this Agreement, with the incidental Charges: This Account was referred to the Controller of the Army Accounts: Upon his Report, he obtained the King's Warrant, dated the 10th of February 1767, directed to the Paymaster General, for the Payment of One thousand One hundred and Four Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence; being the Sum due to him on that Account; which Sum he received of the Paymaster General, and endorsed his Name upon the Warrant: The Words of this Warrant are, upon Account, to satisfy and discharge the like Sum due to him; but he has always considered this Account as completely settled, and that it was unnecessary to pass any other Account of this Agreement.

Antho. Bacon.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich11 Neavc,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

K# 31.

The Examination of Sir John Dick, Baronet; taken upon Oath, the 16th, 19th, and 2ill May 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is one of the Controllers of the Accounts of the Army: This Office is executed by Two Controllers, a Secretary, and Four Clerks: It is granted by Letters Patent, during Pleasure.

The first Commission appears to bear Date the 10th of June, in the Second Year of Queen Anne. The first Set of InstruQions for the ConduQ of the Office, are dated the 26th of June 1703; and the other Instructions, which are the last, are dated 28th of Vol. 39.

1704. At this Day the foie Business of the Office is to Tenth examine and report upon the Accounts referred to them

r . 1 m /* on x ublic

from the Treasury. Account8.

After a Contrail for Army Services is executed at the Treasury, it is sent to the Office of the Controllers of the Army Accounts, to be there registered. Every Account or Demand by the ContraQor upon the Treasury, in consequence of his having executed this ContraQ, either in the Whole or in Part, is transmitted by the Treasury to the Controllers^ with a Letter from the Secretary, referring to them the Examination and Consideration of the Demand or Account, and directing them to report their Opinion thereon.

Where the Agreement is made by a Minute of the Treasury Board, either a Copy of that Minute is sent to the Controllers, or they have Recourse to the Minute itself entered at the Treasury, when necessary. The Contractor annexes to his Account all the necessary Vouchers; if he omits any, they are required of him.

The Controller first examines, and fees that the Account agrees with the Terms of the ContraQ; he compares every Article with its respective Voucher; the Computations and Caftings are examined, and a Certificate, by the proper Officer, of the faithful Execution of every Part of the ContraQ:, must be produced.

Where a Demand appears to be agreeable to the ContraQ, and each Article is proved by a proper Voucher, the Controller recommends the Payment in his Report to the Treasury: Where there are Errors,’ he correQs them; where there are Doubts, he states them specially, and refers the Determination of them to the Treasury. The Vouchers ase generally returned with the Report to the Treasury; such as it may be necessary to have Recourse to afterwards, are retained in the Office.

All the Issues for the Army Extraordirtaries ought properly to be examined by the Controllers of the Army Accounts.

Where a ContraQ is entered into for supplying Armies or Garrisons Abroad with Provisions, it is the Business of the Controllers of the Army Accounts, upon a Reference from the Treasury, to examine the Delivery of these Provisions into the King’s Stores: The Storekeeper, who receives them, ought to transmit, from Time to Time, to the Treasury, an Account of what they receive into the King’s Stores, and of what they delivered on board the Ships, specifying their Destination:

After they are delivered to the Comraiflaries, it is their Duty to transmit to the Treasury, an Account of what they receive, and what they issue, with the proper Vouchers; and it is the Business of the Controllers, upon a Reference from the Treasury, to examine these Accounts. The Controllers have no Power of aQing but upon a Reference from the Treasury; nor have they any discretionary Power, where a Voucher is wanting, of admitting an Article of Payment upon any other Evidence

Where an Agreement is made with the Treasury to furnish Articles upon Commission, the Person who engages must produce the Orders of the Treasury, and if he fumifhe3 the Articles himself, must produce Certificates of the Quantity, Quality, and Price; if he purchases, he must produce the Agreement or ContraQ.

All ContraQs are entered into the Controllers Office, with the Reports of the Controllers upon the References, and the Warrants issued in consequence of those Reports.

Several Statements of Accounts made by the Auditors of the Imprest, have been referred lately to the Controllers, for their Examination and Report; and Errors in them have been correQed.

The Controllers are paid, by a Salary out of the Army Poundage, Seven hundred Fifty Pounds a Year

each,

Tenth

Report cm Public Accounts.

656 20 Julii. . 1783.

each, subject to various Deductions, which reduce it to about five hundred Fifty-eight Pounds a Year; and they have no Fees or Gratuities whatever, except what may be saved out of the contingent Allowance. The Emoluments of the Secretary and Clerks confided, until lately, of Salaries, F’ecs, and Gratuities; they are now allowed One Eighth per Cent, upon the Gross Sum contained in the Account, in lieu of Fees and Gratuities; which Sum is allowed to the Person whose Account it is, and is paid by the Public.

John Dick.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Said Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 32

The Examination of John Martin Leake, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 3d March 1783*

This Examinant faith, That he is now a Clerk of the Treasury, and has been so for near Twenty Years. There are Two Forms by which the Lords of the Treasury enter into Contracts or Agreements for the Performance of Services; the one is by Indenture of Two Parts, the one Part executed by the Person contracting, the other Part by Three or more Lords of the Treasury; the other Form is a Minute of the Treasury Board, to which the Person contracting agrees, either by a Memorial previously presented by him to the Treasury, or by his being present when the Minute is made. It is the Business of the contracting Party, if it is necessary, to enter his Contract, or a Copy of the Minute, in those Offices where he is either to be paid or to pass his Accounts.. In some Contracts the Contractor receives Money upon Account, previous to the Execution of any Part of the Contract; in other Contracts he receives Payments froip Time to Time, in consequence of the Part Execution of his Contract, and, as far as be has executed it. Ip both these Cafes, where the Contract or. Agreement is for Army So-vices, the Treasury usually refer to the Controller of the Army Accounts, the Vouchers, Certificates, or Accounts produced by the Contractors in support of their Claim for Payments. If, upon the Repqrt of the Controller, Money appears to be due to him, and there is qo Reason to withhold the Payment, the Treasury prqcure the Warrant for the Payment, which Payment is in general Upon Recount. Where the Payment has been made upon an Agreement for furnishing Articles on Commission at a Sum per Cent, the Account has been examined iometimes by a Clerk of the Treasury, and sometimes by the Controller of the Army Accounts, and the Payments have been made by Warrants without Account. In Mr. Bacon's Coptract for supplying Negroes in the ceded islands, the Payments were made to him from Time to Time without Account, and, as he believes, without Reference; the Reason of which seems to be, that the Vouchers were competent and required no Reference.

John Martin Leake.

T. Anguish,

Rich4Neave,

Sant! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 33.

A STATE of the Accounts of Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces, and Treasurers of Chelsea Hospital, as delivered into the Office of the Right honourable Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest; with the Progress made towards completing the fame: Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 28th January 1783.

Forces 1765.

Right honourable Henry Lord Holland’s final Account for Half a Year, ending the 24th of June 1765.

177?* „ J

1 ith January. The Book of Account and sundry Vouchers delivered to the Auditor.

1782.

8th January. Delivered Nine Tallies for

232,515 I-4 8

1775. Half Pay.

22d April. Delivered to the Auditor the Book of Account and Vouchers, with the Compassionate Lift and Warrants. 1776- _

19th January. Transmitted to the Cashier of Half

Pay, the Auditor’s Certificate of the Amount of Disbursements for this Service.

1778. Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital.

lit January. Received from the Office of Auditor Aislabie, the Account and Vouchers.

Auditor’s Certificate of the State of this Account sent to the Deputy Treasurer.

1782.

25th October. Transmitted Observations on these

Accounts to Mr. Bembridge, desiring sundry Warrants to be delivered, and various Documents tp support the Charge and Discharge of the Accounts. The Book of Account sent to the Pay Office to be completed and balanced.

27th November. The Auditor again required the Account to be closed, and attested by the Accountant.

5th December. Mr. Powell's Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, for a Warrant to cover sundry Payments, referred to the Auditor, which was reported on the 10th December.

20th December. Delivered Three Warrants.

There remains yet to be delivered several Warrants to complete these Accounts, which have been repeatedly called for. If the Accountant was inclined to meet the Auditor’s Wishes, every Obstacle to the early Declaration of this important and long-depending Account might very soon be removed. No Exertion on the Part of this Office will be wanting.

Forces 1768.'

The Right Honourable Richard Rigby's First Account, for Half a Year, to the 24th of December 1768.

1779-

15th November. The Account and Part of the Vouchers delivered to the Auditor, 02 with

23 Geo. III. 2° Julii. 657

with the Poundage Book, and One Day’s Pay in the Year, for the Support of Chelsea Hospital.

2 2d. Delivered sundry Vouchers.

1782.

4th February. Delivered an Imprest Roll.

4th July. Delivered sundry Del>enture Warrants, and likewise Six Establishments, from Lord Mountstuart's Office.

31st October. Auditor transmitted to the Accountant, Observations on examining and stating the Whole of the Account, requiring Warrants to be delivered, and sundry Vouchers to support the Charge and Discharge.

3d November. American Extraordinaries inserted in the Book of Account.

9th. Mr. Rigby & Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, for a Warrant to cover the American Extraordinaries, included in the Accounts from the 23th of June 1768, to the 24th December 1771, referred to the Auditors, which was reported on by them on the 23d November following.

1782.

20th November. The Book of Account balanced by the Accountant.

25th. Sworn to by the Accountant.

Forces 1770.

Right honourable Richard Rigby's Third Account.

1780.

17th November. The Book of Account and sundry Vouchers delivered to the Auditor.

1782.

4th February. Delivered an Imprest Roll, and an Establishment of the Forces in the Plantations.

12th July. Delivered sundry Debenture Warrants.

7 th September. Delivered the Auditor the Pound-

age Book, and One Day’s Pay in the Year stopped for Support of Chelsea Hospital.

12th November. North American Extraordinaries inserted in the Book of Account, and Part of the Warrants delivered.

The Charge of this Account inserted in the Book, but not closed; a few Warrants are wanting; the Vouchers are examined, and the Account in great Forwardness (but of course will be delayed until the Objections are removed to the Account for the Year 1768 being declared) and might be presented to the Chancellor for Declaration within a Month from this Date.

Forces 1772.

Right honourable Richard Rigby's Fifth Account.

1782.

25th February. Delivered to the Auditor the Book of Account, and Part of the Vouchers; not a tingle Article of the Charge inserted, nor in the Discharge any Part under the Head of American Extraordinaries.

Vol. 39-

1783.

20th January. The Book of Account sent, to have the Charge and American Extraordinaries inserted.

25th January. Delivered the Book of Account, Part of the Charge inserted, and the Whole of the American Extraordinaries; the Warrants not delivered.

This Account is proceeded upon, and, admitting the Accountant to answer the Observations we shall transmit in a few Days, and furnish the Materials that will be required within Three Weeks from the Date of our Demand, supposing the preceding Account declared (of which the least Doubt cannot be entertained) will be ready to present to the Chancellor in Six Weeks from this Date.

1779. Half Pay, 1768.

24th November. Delivered to the Auditor the Establishment Account and Vouchers, together with the Compassionate Lift and Vouchers.

1782.

9th April. Transmitted to the Cashier, Observations on the Half Pay.

25th July. Delivered to him Observations on the Compassionate Lift.

10th September. Tire Observations satisfactorily answered.

20th. The Book of Account closed.

27th. The Auditor’s Certificate sent to the Cashier for the Amount of Disbursements for this Service.

This Account is completely settled, ingrossed, and annexed to the Army Account for the same Year.

1781. 1770.

2d November. The Account, Vouchers, and Establishment, delivered to the Auditor, with the Compassionate lift and Vouchers.

1782.

25th September. Observations on this Account lent . to the Cashier.

30th November. The Observations answered, and the Book of Account closed.

Transmitted the Auditor’s Certificate to the Cashier, for the Amount of Disbursements for this Service.

This Account is settled, ingrossed, and completely ready to annex to the Army Account:

1782. 1772.

10th June. Delivered to the Auditor the Establishment Book of Account and Vouchers, together with the Compassionate Lift and Vouchers.

22d Ofilober. Auditor transmitted Observations to the Cashier.

5th December. The Queries satisfactorily answered, and the Book of Account closed.

12th. Auditor’s Certificate sent to the Cashier, for the Amount of Disbursements for this Service.

The Account is ingrossed.

1782. . 1774.

6th July. Delivered to the Auditor the Establishment Book of Account and 8 E Vouchers,

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

658

Tenth Be port on Public Account*.

2* Julii. A. 1783.

Vouchers, together with the Compas-fionate Lift and Vouchers.

1783-

27th January. Observations on this Account Tent to the Cashier.

1773. Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, 1768.

17th February. The Account and Vouchers delivered to the Auditor.

1782.

31st October. Auditor called for sundry Warrants to be delivered, and transmitted Ob-

fervations.

20th December. Delivered Certificate for Exchequer Fees, and sundry Warrants.

Auditor’s Certificate of the State of this Account lent to Gilbert Vane, Esquire, Deputy Treasurer.

This Account is settled and ingrafted; One Warrant is still wanting, which when delivered, the Account will be completely ready for Declaration.

1775* 1770.

23d November. Delivered to the Auditor the Account and Vouchers.

1778.

16th June. Auditor’s Certificate of the State of this Account transmitted to Gilbert Vane, Esquire, Deputy Treasurer. This Account is ingrossing.

1777. 1772.

25th March. Delivered to the Auditor the Account and Vouchers.

1782.

9 October. Auditor’s Certificate of the State of this Account transmitted to Morgan Vane, Esquire, Deputy Treasurer.

1782. 1774.

24th September. Delivered to the Auditor the Account and Vouchers.

1782. 1776.

24th September. Delivered to the Auditor the Account and Vouchers.

[Deputies to the Right

Jos. Hughes,

In* JVigglesTvorth,

Auditor of Imprest Office, Scotland Yard,

31st January 1783.

honble Lewis Lord

[ Sondes, Auditor.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N° 34-

STATE of the Accounts of the Right honourabe, Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, as delivered into the Office of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Mountstuart, one of the Auditors of the Imprefts; with the Progress made towards completing the fame.

1779. Forces, 1769.

November 1 (>th. Account delivered to Auditor, but no Part of Charge or American Extraordinaries inserted.

1781.

October loth. Auditor called for various Warrants to support the Discharge Part

of the Account; all, except One, of which were delivered in Three Days after, and the remaining Warrant on the 22d November 1782.

1782.

May 15th. called for Book, containing Particulars of Deductions of Poundage, and One Day’s Pay in the Year, for the Support of Chelsea Hospital; which was delivered on the 16th of July following.

30th.....called for Warrants to

cover various Payments, made out of Fund composed by Twelve Penny Deductions, &c. and Contingencies; which Warrants were delivered on the 18th of December 1782.

June 19th.....required the Signature of the Agent of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards, and 18th Regiment of Foot, to Regimental Rook of Account and Clearing Warrant. ——

Warrant, signed 3d July 1782.-----

Book of Account not yet signed.

October 30th. Accountant inserted the Charge Part of the Account, and the Expenditure under the Head of American Extraordinaries.

31st. Auditor transmitted Queries relating to Warrants inserted in Account of American Extraordinaries, which appeared to have been paid by the Deputies of Mr. Rigby's Predecessors, and in One Instance not indorsed. —

In Two Days after, an Answer was given to the First Objection; but it . not being satisfactory, it was reserved to be reported on to the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury; and which has been since done. — The Warrant wanting an Acquittance, still remains in the same Situation.

November 5th* Certificate of Exchequer Fees and sundry Warrants relating to American Extraordinaries, called for; and delivered on the 15th of the same Month.

8th. Auditor called for various Documents relating to the Charge Part of the Account; which were delivered on the 15th of the same Month.

It appearing to the Auditor, that various Sums, liable to Poundage and Hospital, had been exempted from those Deductions, he called on the Accountant for the Authorities under which the Exemptions were made; but none have been yet produced.

The Memorial of Mr. Rigby to the Lords of the Treasury, for a Cover Warrant for American Extraordinaries, included in his Accounts from 25th June 17C8 so 24th December 1771, referred to the Auditors: Reported on by them 23d November 1782.

23d. Account balanced by Accountant.

25th.....sworn to by Accountant.

26th. It being discovered, in the Course of the Examination of the Charge Part of this Account, that the late John Calcraf, Esquire, and John Richardson, Esquire, should have respectively paid over to the Paymaster

23 Geo. III. a0 Jute.

maiter General the several Sums of 1,993/. i6j. 7</. and 49/. 5s. $d. arising by the Pay of vacant Commissions in Corps to which they had been Agents; Mr. was

required to explain why they had not done so; and he in Reply certifies no more than " that it does not " appear by the Books of the Pay " Office, that they had paid more than " what the Paymaster General had " charged himself with." The Whole of this Matter was then represented by the Auditor to the Secretary at War; and it was submitted to him, whether a Direfition from him to the Representatives of Mr. and

Mr. Richardson, to pay the above Sums to the Paymaster of the Forces, would not sooner bring the Money into the public Purse than by an ordinary Exchequer Process itlued by the King’s Remembrancer, to whom it would have been certified by the Auditor in Hilary Term, if not sooner paid.

1780. 1771-

December 21ft. Account delivered to Auditor, but no Part of Charge or American Extraordinaries inserted; nor Garrison Muster Rolls, nor Debenture Warrants, delivered.

1782.

May 15th. Auditor called for Book containing Particulars of Deductions of Poundage, and One Day’s Pay in the Year for the Support of Chelsea Hospital; which was delivered on the 11th of September following.

June 19th.....called for Garrison Muster

Rolls and Debenture Warrants; which were delivered on the 4th of July following; but Two other Observations, conveyed to Mr. Bembridge on same Day, remain unanswered.

November 11th. American Extraordinaries inserted, and Part of the Warrants delivered.

13th. Auditor called on Accountant for the deficient Warrants; which were all delivered (except Three, which have been since reported on specially to the Treasury) on the 15th of feme Month.

26th. Particulars of the Additional Twelve Penny Deductions called for, and delivered on the 30th of feme Month.

December 1 oth. Charge inserted, but Account not closed — other Vouchers belonging to this Account delivered feme Day.

The Vouchers of this Account are examined; it is drawn, and the Discharge Part ingossed, as far as its present State will admit; but there being like Objections to this Account as to that for the Year 1769 (but which were unnecessary to convey at that Time to the Accountant) it cannot be further proceeded on at present; but, supposing former Accounts declared, and Queries on this satisfafitorily answered, it might be presented to the Chancellor of the

Vo L. 39.

Exchequer for Declaration in One Tenth Month from this Day. BePor,t1.

J on Public

Accounts.

1782. 1773*

February 19th. Account delivered to Auditor, but only One Article of Charge, and no Part of American Extraordinaries inserted.

May 15th. Auditor called for Book containing Particulars of Deductions of Poundage, and One Day’s Pay in the Year for the Support of Chelsea Hospital; but which are not yet delivered.

A considerable Part of tins Account is drawn and ingossed; but it is unnecessary to proceed farther in it, until the preceding Accounts are brought to Declaration, or nearly so.

1781. Half Pay 1769.

Ofitober 23d. Account delivered to Auditor.

1782.

January 7th.j Various Queries transmitted to to / Cashier of Half Pay; which were

April 2oth.J satisfafitorily answered by the 25th Day of April 1782.

26th. Auditor’s Certificate of Amount of Disbursements sent to Cashier this Day.

This Account quite complete, and only requires to be annexed to the Army Account for same Year.

1782. 1771.

January 4th. Account delivered to Auditor.

March 26thri Various Queries transmitted to to > Cashier, which were satisfafitorily an-

May 6th.J fwered by the 24th of June 1782.

June 24th. Auditor’s Certificate of Amount of Disbursements sent to Cashier this Day.

This Account in the same Situation as that for 1769, except that the ingossed Parts are not yet read.

1782. 1773.

June 19th. Account delivered to Auditor.

September 4th.) Various Queries transmitted to to > Cashier, which were satisfafitorily Ofitober 15th.J answered by the Second Day of December 1782.

December 3d. Auditor's Certificate of Amount of thele Disbursements sent to Cashier this Day.

This Account in the same Situation with that for 1771.

This Account called for by Auditor.

Account delivered to Auditor.

The Vouchers of this Account are under Examination, and will be completed in lets than a Month from this Day.

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital 1773. 1769.

November 18th. The Account delivered to Auditor.

1777-

March 27th. Auditor’s Certificate of State of this Account sent to the Honourable Mr. Vane, Deputy Treasurer.

1777-

1782.

Ofitober 15th.

November 7th.

66o

Tenth Report on Public Accounts*

2° Julii.

A. 1785.

1777. 1771.

April 9th. This Account delivered to Auditor.

1779-

December 15th. Auditor’s Certificate of State of this Account sent to the Honourable Mr. Vane, Deputy Treasurer.

This Account nearly ready for Declaration.

1781. 1773.

January 9th. The Account delivered to Auditor.

1782.

July 12th. Examined, and various Queries and Observations transmitted to the Deputy Treasurer, to which no Reply has been yet made; the Account cannot be further proceeded on till the Observations are answered.

1781. 1775.

April 9th. The Account delivered to Auditor, and is under Examination.

1782. 1777.

October 16th. The Account delivered to Auditor, and is under Examination.

Auditor of Imprest's Office,

January 31st, 1783.

r»i; r» f Deputies to Lord

sd vL«.

L stuart. Auditor.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 35.

The Examination of Joseph , Esquire;

> taken upon* Oath, the 27th, 28th, and 30th May 1783.

This Examinant faith, That Lord Holland's final Account is not yet closed, nor is the Balance (truck; no Additions have been made to the Charge since the Three Articles added by Mr. Colbome, 12th last; one Article was added to the Discharge last Week, upon Production of a Tally for Twenty thoii-sand Pounds paid into the Exchequer by Mr. Powell in March last: In the Copy of the Additions made to the final Account of Lord Holland, transmitted from Lord Sondes’s Office to this Board, dated the 11th of February, the Two last Articles, amounting to One thousand Three hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, are those which the Auditor pointed out as Errors in the Account to be added to the Charge.

I.ord Holland is charged in his final Account, with a Sum of Twenty-nine thousand Six hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny, of Profit on Exchange of Money, made by Peter Taylor, his Deputy in Gennany. In order to enable the Auditor

to examine this Sum of Profit, a Book was produced to him some Time about Christmas last, as he believes, by Mr. Colbome, dated the 12th of May 1764, and ligned, as it appears, by P. Taylor, intituled, Account of Profit and Lois to the Public in all " Payments made by P. Taylor, Deputy Paymaster " in Germany," Lpon examining that Book, the

Auditor has discovered various Errors, to the Amount of Eight thousand Five hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, in Favour of the Public; which Sum remains yet to be added to the Charge of Loid Holland. The Auditor’s Observations

on this Account were lent to Mr. Powell 23d of February; some of the Articles have been examined by Mr. Colbome on the Part of Mr. Powell, and found to agree with the Auditor’s Computation; the others have not yet been checked by the Pay Office; until that is done, which the Auditor waits for, he cannot add it to the Charge against Lord Holland.

In the Pay Office Book of Account sent to the Auditor, there are frequently Blanks left in the Body of the Account, for Sums not then ascertained, which Blanks are afterwards filled up from' Time to Time, when the Book is returned to the Pay Office.

Lord Holland's final Account being ready to be closed, and waiting only for Mr. Powell's striking the Balance and attesting the Account, the Deputy Auditors, upon the 27th of November last, wrote to him, to inform him that they had Lord Sondes’s Direction to acquaint the Treasury with it; and upon the 30th of November they wrote to the Secretary of the Treasury, informing him, that it was ready for Declaration, if the Book of Account was closed and attested; and that the Balance due to the Public from the Estate of Lord Holland, was then Sixty-eight thousand and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence TVr- This Balance includes the Two Articles, amounting to One thousand Three hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, pointed out by the Auditor as Errors in the Account. The Book of Account was taken from the Auditor’s Office about Christmas, in order to have those Two Articles inserted. The Book was returned soon after Christmas to the Auditor, with Additions inserted in the Charge, amounting to Forty-eight thousand Seven hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence, without the Privity of the Auditor, and the Two Articles directed to be inserted by the Auditor were entered the last in the Charge; at the same Time a Receipt for Two thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence, was produced to the Auditor, to be allowed as an Article in the Discharge. The Allowance of this Sum is now under the Consideration of the Treasury, Three Articles, amounting to Seven hundred Seventy-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, have been since added to the Charge, in consequence of Lord Sondes's Letter to Mr. Powell, dated 10th February 1783, which makes the Balance now due from the Estate of Lord Holland < to the Public Ninety-seven thousand Five hundred Eighty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence; and if the Article under the Consideration of the Treasury is allowed, it will reduce this Balance to Ninety-four thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence ,* and if the Errors discovered in the Profit and Loss Account are just, it will increase this Balance to One hundred and Three thousand Three hundred and Fourteen Pounds and Eight Pence.

Jos. Hughes.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 36.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Gibbes , taken upon Oath, the 12th February 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is a Clerk in Lord Sonds’s Office. To the heft of his Knowledge and Belief, the Book of Account, containing the final Account of Lord Holland as Paymaster General of the Forces, was delivered into the Pay Office some

Time

23 Geo. III. a’ Julti.

661

Time before Christmas last, for the Purpose of adding Two Articles to the Charge: That upon Saturday the 4th of January last, to the heft of his Remembrance, this fiook of Account was brought back to Lord Sondes's Office by Mr. Colbome, one of the Clerks of the Pay Office, after the Office Hours, and delivered to him by Mr. Colbome, who desired him to acquaint the Deputy Auditor with it; but made no Mention to him, as he recollefts, of any Additions having been made either to the Charge or Discharge. On the Monday following he informed one of the Deputy Auditors, that the Book was returned.

Several Accounts in the Office were at that Time preparing for Declaration, the Day for Declaration being fixed for the nth of January.

Thai Gibbes.

T- Anguish,

Rich*Neave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 37-

The Examination of Mr. John taken

upon Oath, /2th February 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is an Assistant in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces, and has been almost the foie Person employed in making up the Accounts of Lord Holland. That, to the bell of his Recollection and Belief, about the latter End of November or the Beginning of December last, he took from the Office of Lord Sondes, by the Direction either of Mr. Powell or Mr. the final Book

of Account of Lord HolLind, as Paymaster General of the Forces, in order to add certain Articles to the Charge. Some Time after he had brought this Book to the Pay Office, he entered in the Charge several additional Articles; these Articles he had himself some Years before selected from the Ledger Accounts of Ixtrd Holland, and by the same Direction lie then inserted them in the Charge. He has, at several Periods, entered Additions to the Charge in this Account Book: He was governed, as to the Articles he entered at each Time, by the Directions he received. He several Years ago shewed to Mr. Powell all the Articles he had collected as Charges upon Lord Holland, except Two Articles of Profits on Remittances; all these have since, at different Times, been inserted in the Account. Three more Articles were this Morning added to the Charge, and he believes the Charge is now complete.

He does not recollect, nor did he make any Minutes or Memorandums of, the particular Times when he inserted the Additions in this Book of Account.

Discharge of the final Account of the late Lord Holland, Tenth now depending in my Office. Report

I am. Sir, your humble Servant, on Plll)lic

Sondes. AccounU-

John Powell, Esquire,

Only acting Executor of the late Lord Holland.

Pay Office, 11th February 1783.

My Lord,

I am honoured with your Lordship’s Letter of Yesterday's Date; and desire to inform your Lordship, that I lent this Morning Mr. Colbome, the Accountant of the Pay Office’s Clerk, to insert Three Articles to the Credit of the Publick, in the final Account of the late Henry Lord Holland.

I desire to allure your Lordship, that, to the heft of my Knowledge and Relief, the Three Articles sent this Morning for the Purpose above-mentioned, are the only outstanding ones, and that no other Additions will be made either to the Debtor or Creditor Side of the said Account

I have the Honour to be

Your Lordship's most obedient and most humble Servant,

Jri Powell.

The Right honourable Lord Sondes.

This Accountant surcharges himself with the following Sums; viz.

£. s. d.

« f'

OO

K

JD

V

A Sum paid by Mr. Mortier to the 46th Regiment of Foot, carried to the Debit of that Regiment twice, viz. in 1757 and 1758 A Sum taken Credit for on Account of Hospital Services, which was carried against the 15th Regiment of Foot in the Year 1759 -A Sum received by Mr. of

Major Graham of the 42d Regiment, being Stoppages for Sea Pay, made from the Three additional Companies of the said Regiment in their Passage to America -

loo-----

300

374 7 3

Amounting in all to - 774 7 3

Auditor’s Office, Lord Sondes, 'Scotland Yard, 12th February 1783.

Jos. Hughes,

Jtt fVigglesworth

In' Colbome. Commissioners of Public Accounts.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N*39- '

N* 38.

To the Commissioners of Public Accounts.

In pursuance of Lord Sondes' Letter to Mr. Powell, and his Answer thereto, of which the following are Copies, the under-mentioned Additions have this Day been made to the Charge of Lord Holland's final Account

Auditor of Imprest’s Office, Scotland Sir, Yard, 10th February 1783.

I desire you will immediately inform me, whether you have any further Additions to make to the Charge or VOL. 39.

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Receipt of Exchequer by John Powell, Esquire, as Executor of Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General of the Forces; pursuant to the Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty.

The Money paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, pursuant to the above Act, by John Powell, Esquire, as Executor of Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster

8 F General

Tenth Heport on Public Accounts

662

A. 1783.

General of the Forces, amounts to the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-two thousand Five hundred Fifteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence.

Exchequer, the 2d Day of June 1783.

November the 26th, 1781 29th,

March the 6th, 1783

£. d. 200,000 — 32,515 4 8

20,000-----

£ 252,515 4 8

N* 40.

" of the Additions made to the Charge and Discharge " of the final Account of Lord Holland, as Paymaster " General of the Forces, between the 27th September " 1780 and the 5th of October last

We have endeavoured to comply with the Requisition of the said Precept, but find it impracticable, there being no Dates to the Entries in the Book of Account, of either Receipts or Payments; and as it has been so many Years depending, the Persons under whose Directions it was originally, are either dead or gone from this Office; and no Memorandums are left by which we might ascertain the Time when the respective Entries were made.

Jos. Hughes,

Jit Wiggleswo

Deputies to the Right honourable Leans Lord Sondes, Auditor.

Auditor of Imprest’s Office, 13th March 1783. Commissioners of Public Accounts.

In pursuance of the Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 10th Instant, requiring " A Copy

N" 41.

STATE of the ADDITIONS made since the 5th of October 1782, to the Charge and Discharge of the final Account of Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General of the Forces, for Half a Year, ending the 24th of June 1765: Conformable to the Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 10th of February 1783.

Additional Charge made by Mr. Powell, without the Privity of the Auditor:

Received of Captain Jet Abercrombie, a Balance remaining in his Hands, of an Imprest for Expresses and other incidental Expences -Received of Sir John S Clcur, Deputy Quarter Master General, a Balance of Forage Money remaining ip his Hands -Received of Daniel Weir, for damaged Provisions sold by him -Received of Major General Stanwix, a Balance of Public Money in his Hands ——

Received of Brigadier General Mon a Sum issued to Major Horatio Gates ——

Received of Lieut Col. Robertson, being Money received by him from the Commanding Officers of several Posts, for the Sale of Spruce Beer, and in Part for lundry Sums for purchasing Molasses -Received of Major General Gage, being the Amount of Over-payments made for Subsistence and Recruiting the 80th Regiment of Foot, from the 25th of December 1757 to the 24th December 1761 Received of Anthony Wheeiock, Commissary for the French Prisoners of War, being Money recovered for the Crown out of sundry Sums advanced to the Officers, and other Canadian Prisoners, in the Years 1739 and 1760 -

Received back a Sum paid Joseph Choate, for Molasses for the Garrison of Quebec ——

Received of Major General Stanwix, a Surplus of Monies advanced for Payment of Waggons - - - '

Gained by the Difference of Value between the Johannes of New York and Canada ——

Gained by ditto, between ditto and ditto -Received back a Sum paid pursuant to General Warrant of the 14th of 06lober 1759, for recruiting the Royal Americans

£ d.;

243 19 9

446 5 —

158 9 7

1,566 14 —

4,000 — — .

1,705 1 10

912 — 11

386 19 8 1

627 8 8

1,019 10 [

956 1 2 '

326 13 7

1,000 — —

£. s. d.

Received

33 Geo. III. %° Julii.

Received back a Sum paid pursuant to Ditto’s Warrant of the 7th of December 1759, for recruiting D* - -

Rereived back a Sum paid pursuant to Ditto’s Warrant of the 5th of April 1760, for recruiting D° -

Received of Mr. Jw Porteiu Deputy Commissary of Provisions, for

damaged Provisions sold at public Auction....

Received from the Contractors, Sir Ja' Cqkbrook and Arnold

Esquire. on Account of the Contingencies of the Garrison of Louifbourg ——

Received from the Agents of the different Regiments at the Ha-vannab, a Sum paid Lieut Thct Fortye, of Otway’s Regiment of

Foot..... - -

Profit on Remittances made to Peter Taylor, Esquire, Deputy Pay-mafier of the Forces in Germany, for the Subfi^eqre of the Forces there. - - -

Profit on Remittances made to D% for the Extraordinaries of the Forces there ——

Stopped from the Third Battalion of the Royal American Regiment ——

Stopped for Provisions delivered to the Forces At Quebec -

At New York - -

At Nova Scotia -

At Louifbourg - -

At Montreal - -

In all

in North America, viz.

6,854

4,879

1,808

1,761

4,723

7

9

3

1

16

4-

61

9

8

61

£. s. <L 400 — —

500-----

*,1$7 fi -r

2,333 6 8

100 — —

3,136 17 2 7,38i 7 5 384 16 —

120,025 19 5$

£ i* 4,

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

48,79910 11

Auditor directed the Accountant to add the Two following Articles to

the Debit of the Account:

Received of John Adam Fred* Hesse, Esquire, in Reimbursement of an Advance made by John Cathcart, Esquire, to Five Hospital Officers in the Year 1764 -

This Accountant surcharges himself with the Difference of Computation of 5,514,636 Guilders, received by Robert Paris Taylor, Esquire, from Peter Taylor, Esquire -

Total of the additional Charge -

455 -’»

913 9 S-Afe

'....."r ‘ *,368 9 31 Vor

- £ 50,168 — 2-,^*

Additional Discharge:

Paid by Robert Paris Taylor, Esquire, to Philip Franked, far Forage delivered by him to General Elliot's Light Dragoons, being Part of the Sum of 12,052 /. 13 s. loirf. furenarged upon this Account, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant of the 18th of June 1769

£. s. d.

2,845 17 10

Auditor Lord Sondes Office, 1 ltb February 1783.

Jos. Hughes, \|WA.id" J* Wigglexwarth, P And *

.Vo L. 39.

N* 42-

664

a ° Julii. A. 1783.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 42.

An ACCOUNT of the Times when, and the Dates of the Authorities (where there are any) by which, the Sums contained in this Acfcount were paid into the Hands of the Deputies of the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, deceased, late Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces; together with sundry Profits arising on their respective Transactions.

Mr. MORTIE

1759. January 15th. Received back from Captain James , the Money remaining

in his Hands out of the Sum of 300 /. Sterling, received by virtue of Major General Abererombi Warrant, dated 31st of March 1758, for Expresses* and other incidental Expences that may be incurred for His Majesty’s Service -

June. Received back from Sir John S' Baronet, Deputy Quarter

Mailer General, by the Hands of Mr. William Bayard, being a Balance remaining in his Hands on a Payment made him pursuant to Major General Abercrombs Warrant, dated 26th March 1758, for Forage Money to the Staff of the Army in North America, from ill of May 1757 to 30th of April following, pursuant to Major General Abercrombie’s, Warrant, dated the 19th April 1759, directing the said Sir John S' Clair to pay, or cause the same to be paid, to me, as Deputy Paymaster -

Received from Mr. Daniel Wier, by the Hands of Rob’ Leake, Esquire, Commissary of Stores and Provisions, for damaged Provisions sold at Vendue by the said Mr. Wier, and directed by Lord Loudoun to be paid into my Hands, and for which I have given the said Mr. Wier my Receipt, 271/. 135. 7 Currency, equal to - -

1760. June 30th. Received of Major General Stamvix, being a Balance of Public Money

in his Hands, as per my Receipt to him of 25th Instant, for 2,517/. 18 s.Pensylvania Currency, equal to - -’ -

*761. February 12th. Received from the Honourable Brigadier General Monckton, by the *

Hands of Horatio Gates, Esquire, Major of Brigade, the same being issued to the said Major Gates, pursuant to the said Brigadier General Monckton's Warrant, dated the 31st May 1760; but the same being applied for various Services, which Services are included in other Warrants granted by the said Brigadier General Monckton, I have given the said Major Gates a Receipt of this Date for the feme October 13th. Received of Lieutenant Colonel James , Deputy Quarter Mailer

General, being Money received by him from the Commanding Officers of the several Polls and Garrisons, from the Sale of Spruce Beer, and in Part of sundry Sums for purebafing Molasses,. by virtue of General Amherst's Warrants on me, received the Sum pursuant to Major General Sir Jeffery Amherst's Warrant, dated the 25th Day of September 1761, 2,924/. 4s. 4d. Currency, is Dollars -

1762. May 31st. To the 80th Regiment of Foot, received from the Honourable Major General Gage, by the Hands of Lieutenant John , which by Two Accounts delivered in by the said Lieutenant Hall, in Behalf of the said General Gage, appear to be the Amount of Overpayments made in North America, on Account of Subsistence and recruiting the said Regiment, from its Establishment, being 25th December 1757, to 24th December 1761, both Days inclusive -

'764. January 31st. Received from AnthonyWheelock, late Commissary for the French Pri-

foners of War, being Money recovered for the Use of the Crown, out of sundry Sums advanced to the Officers and other Canadian Prisoners, in the Years 1759 and 1760, pursuant to General Gage's Order of this Date -

£. s. d.

243 19 9

446 5 —

158 9 7

1,566 14 ~

4,000-----

1,705 15 *0

912 — 11

386 19 8

Mr. PORTER.

1761. July 27th. Received from Major Paulus JEmilius Irving, Deputy Quarter Mailer

General, for the Re-payment of 5,042 Gallons of Molasses at 2 8

per Gallon Currency, furnished by Joseph Choate, for the Use of the

Garrison

23 Geo. III. 2° Julii.

1761.

July 27th. Garrison of Quebec, for which General Murray granted his Warrant to the said Joseph Choate, dated 17th of October 1760; for the said Sum gave my Receipts of this Date to Major Irci/ig, Deputy Quarter Matter General, on Account of the Right honourable Henry Fox, Esquire -

66 5

£. s. d.

627 8 8

'1760.

May 31st.

1761. January 10th.

14th. July 9th. September 24th. November 14th.

1764.

May 7th.

14th.

1765-February 23th.

26th. April 25th. May 18th.

1761.

January 9th.

Mr. BARROJV.

Received of Major General Stamviv, being an Overplus advanced for Payment of Waggons -

To (b much gained by the Difference between the Current Value of a Half Jolianr.es in Canada, and its Value in New York -

To so much gained by D® - - - - ,£.122 10' —

To so much gained by D° - - - 112 — —

To so much gained by D® - - - - 70 3 —

To so much gained by D® - - - - 22 — 7

1,019 10

956 1 2

326 13 7

Received for General Stamviv s Warrant, dated 14th October 1759, in favour of Captain Cochran, of the lit Battalion Royal Americans, on Account of recruiting the said Battalion -

To the Amount of General Stanwix's Warrant in favour of Captain Cochran, for recruiting the lit Battalion of the Royal American Regiment, dated April the 5th 1760, flopped for me by Mr. from the Subsistence of the said Regiment -

To D® of D°’s Warrant in favour of Captain Etherington, for D®, dated 7lh December 1759, stopped by D* from D® -

1,000 — —

500----

400-----

Received from Mr. James Porteus, Deputy Commissary of Provisions, on Account of damaged Provisions belonging to the Crown, sold at public Auction on the 13th November 1764 - - - 46 15 8

Received from D®, on Account of D®, sold at public Auction

on the 20th of February 1765 - - - 556 17 11

Received from D®, on Account of D®, sold at public Auction

at Montreal, 22d April 1765 ----- 954 18 3i

Received from D®, on Account of D®, sold at public Auction at La Chine, the 6th May 1765 - - - - 628 14 2 f

2,187 6 >4

Mr. NI COLL.

Received from Sir James Colebrook and A. Nesbitt, Esquire, on Account of the Contingencies of the Garrison of Louifbourg - -

2,333 6 8

Major

1763-

October 26th. Received from the Agents of the different Regiments that were at the Ha-vannah, on Account of the Money advanced Lieut Fortye by General Rufone'sWarrant, dated 30th January 1763 -

100 - -

1759-May 19th.

Mr. SAUL.

To be paid Lieutenant Campbell, for a Stoppage made from the Royal American Regiment, for Two Mutters, per Order of Major General

Abercrombie - -

384 16 —

1758.

February 9th.

November 26th.

Mr. MORTIER.

By the 46th Regiment, commanded by Major General Thomas,

paid Captain Forbes, for recruiting this Regiment, pursuant to Lord Loudoun's, Warrant of 8th February 1758 -

To the 42d Regiment received of Major Graham, being the Stoppages for Sea Pay, made from the Three additional Companies of said Regiment, in their Passage to America, at the Rate of 3 per Man per Diem, pursuant to General Abercrombie's Warrant dated 2d of November 1758, directing the said Major Graham to pay the same into my Hands ——

100----

374 7 3

VOL. 39.

8 G

Mr SAUL.

Teuth Report on Public Accounts*

a* Julii

A- 1783

Tenth

Report on Public Accounts.

„ *759-

February lotli.

Mr. SAUL.

£. d.

Paid the Honourable Colonel Murrey, for the Service of the Hospital of the 1 Jth Regiment -

Profit on Remittances made to Peter Taylor, Esquire, Deputy Pay-master of the Forces in Germany, for the Subsistence of the Forces there -

Profit on Remittances made to ditto, for the Extraordinaries of the Forces there -

Received of John Adam Frederick Hess, Esquire, in Reimbursement of an Advance made by John Cathcart, Esquire, to Five Hospital Officers in the Year 1764 ——

A Surcharge of the Difference of Computation of 5,5.14,636 Guilders, received by Robert Paris Ttylor, Esquire, from Peter,

Esquire ——

300 — *-

2,136 17 2 7,381 7 5

455 -

913 9 3t^t

Pay Office,

24th February ^783.

Jrt Pow

nri j

T

N* 43-

LIST of STOPPAGES made by the Deputies of Henry Lord Holland, deceased, late Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces: with the respective Authorities (where there are any) by virtue of which the said Stoppages were made.

When (lopped. Warrants. Regiments. By whom (lopped.

£. s d. £' $ dm

1763. October ift ..... 6otb, 2d Batt" Mr. Powell, Quebec 6 17 1

17th Gen. Murray, 15 th October 78th - - - Ditto 57 7 8*

November 19th - - Ditto - !2th, November 15th - - - r Ditto - 33 9 4*

23d - Ditto - 17fh - Ditto 60th, 2d Batt* mm r Ditto - 27 17 11

December 29 th - Ditto - 28th December 15th - r mm - Ditto - 217 1 8

1764. January 23d - - Ditto - - Ditto - - 27th - - - Ditto - 43 1 3

— - - Ditto - - Ditto - - D* - - - a Ditto - 202 8 4

February 20th - - Ditto - 18th February; both, Balt* 2d Ditto 211 11 3

March 3d - - Ditto - 28th - Ditto - 15th - - - - Ditto - 251 17 11

April 1 ijt,h. r m Piffo - 30th March 6otb, ?d Batt" - - Ditto - 264 1 — k %

May 5th r r Ditto - 30th April - 15th - 1- - - Ditto ~ 247 10 5

6th - - Ditto - 19th r Ditto - 27th - - - - Ditto - 202 17 11

24th - m Ditto - 21st - May - D* - - - - Ditto - 221 6 — i

— - ..... L* 7V Mills - m Ditto - 1 16 8

June 19th - w* Ditto - 11th June - 60th, 2d Batt' - - Ditto - 279 *9 7

29th - - Ditto - 27th - Ditto - 15th - - - Ditto - 267 7 3*

July 14th - Ditto t 3d July - - 27th r - - - - Disfo - 274 15 2f

September 5jh V - Ditto - 3 iff Aiiguff - 15th - - - Ditto - r 268 7 8f

loth - - Ditto - 25th Ditto - 60th, 2<1 Batt* j - m Ditto - 257 12 3i

- - - r Barrack tpasser - - Ditto - 3 11 3

October 8th - - Ditto - 29th September 27th - - - - Ditto - 261 5 7f

November 7th - - pittq - 31st October - 15th - - - Ditto - 258 9 9i

14th - - Ditto - 13th November 27th - - - T - Pitto - r 259 9 7

15th - - Ditto - 14th - Ditto - 60th, 2d Ball" - Ditto - - 287 12 1

— - - Ditto - - - Ditto - D* - - - Ditto r 258 2 8*

1765. January 24th - - Ditto - 23d January - D* - - - Ditto - - 164 7 6

February 4th - - Ditto - 18th - Ditto - 15th - - - Ditto - - 153 12 6

8th " Ditto - 17th - Ditto - 27th - - - r Ditto - - 241 17 3!

2 3 Geo. III. 2° Juki.

When flopped.

1765-

March 4th 6th

9th

June 8th

August 26th

3°th

Warrants.

1764. November 2 2tl December loth

1765. February 18th

1764. May 1 oth June 30th

May 21ft

July 16th August 20th June 16th July 16 th September 2 2d October 25th August 20th

1765. April 15th

16th May 10th '3th

si

AS

June 8th

22d

24th

July 26th May 13th

September 23d November 30 th

December 4th

1764. June 25th August 25th

October 25th

1765. February 16th

March 20th

Vox.. 59.

Gen. Murray,26th February

- - Ditto - - 6th March -

- - Ditto - - 4th Ditto -

- - Ditto - - 25th April -

- - Ditto - - 3d June

M- G. Burton, 3 lft July

- - Ditto - - 13th Ditto -

Regiments.

15th

27 th

28th

15th

28th

Ditto

44th

By whom flopped.

Mr Pmcell, Quebec

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

.* - Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

£. s. d 333 8 U 193 12 3f 204 18 6fr 242 17 8£ 218 5 7* 239 7 n

196 2 3t?

£. s. dm

Total Mr. Parnell, at Quebec - - «£.

M.

Gen. Gage, 3d August - 80th - Mr. Mortier 15 2

- Ditto - 20th October 55th - - - Ditto - 18

- Ditto 5th February D* - - - > - Ditto1 - - 348 10 10

- Ditto 16th Ditto - D* - - Ditto - - 31 2 8*

Ditto 3d March - 42d - - Ditto 27 19 2

- Ditto 7th June - D* - - Ditto - 23 .4 2

- Ditto 9th April - 55th - p* - Ditto - ’ 269 18 9

- Ditto 27th Ditto - D* - - Ditto m - 52 5

- Ditto 5*h Juue D* - . Ditto m - 55 14 7

- Ditto 17th July D* - - Ditto - - 49 7 3*

- Ditto 16th 'May 17th - - - Ditto - - 28 17 6 1

- Ditto 9th Ditto -1 46th - - Ditto - 1 5 12 3f

- Ditto 17th July iy - - Ditto - - 2 15 5

- Ditto 16th August - D- - - mm Ditto - — 6 5i

- Ditto 18th July 60th, lft Bait1 Ditto - - 76 1 ioi

- Ditto 5»h February 42d - Ditto - - ' 49 4 9i

- Ditto bth April - oth, ift Batt - Ditto - - 1 99 — 21

- Ditto - - Ditto - 42d - - - Ditto - 42 4 4*

- - - - 9th - - - - Ditto - - 116 13 4

- - - 35»h - - - Ditto - - 51 16 —

- - - 34th - - - - Ditto m - 153 13 9

- D* - - - - Ditto 335 16 €

- Ditto 14th June - 42d - - Ditto - 36 1 — 1

- Ditto 15th Ditto - 46th - - - Ditto m - 355 10 10

- Ditto 17th Ditto - D* - - 0 Ditto - 215 14 2

- Ditto 11th Ditto - 17th - - - Ditto - - 192 8 if

- Ditto 12th Ditto - D° - - - Ditto - - 217 4 4f

- Ditto 1 ith Ditto - D* - - Ditto - - ’ 212 18 9

- Ditto 20th July - 60th, ift Batt* - Ditto - - ' 85 13 nf

- Ditto 6th July 1764 9th - - - Ditto - 110 11 3

- Ditto - Ditto D* - - Ditto 87 3 nf

- Ditto - Ditto D° - - i - Ditto - 117 2 6

- Ditto - Ditto D* - - Ditto. m 110 15 7i

- Ditto March 1764 60th, ift Batt* - - Ditto - - 7i 13 4

- Ditto 10th Sep* 1765 D* - - - Ditto - 220 6 8

- Ditto 27th Ditto - 42d - - - Ditto - 409 8 4

- Ditto 10th November D* - - - - Ditto - 251 9 7

- Ditto 31st Dec. 1764 80th - - - - Ditto m - 3 11 3

Ditto 2d Oa. 1765 60th, ift Batt* «ft Ditto - 342 15 10

Total Mr. Mortier, New York - -

Major Hamilton, 25th June - 40th - Mr. Nicoll -

- - Ditto - 25th August- D# T - - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - 25thO&ober D* - - - Ditto - -

Gov’ Wilrnot, 16th February D° - - - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - 20th March - D* - - - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - 25th April - D* - - - Ditto - -

Total Mr. Nicoll, at Nova !

2 9 9

297 10 —

8*

2

2

6,854 7 6i

4,879 9 9

1,808 3 11

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

a* Julii. ^.1783.

When (topped. Warrants. Regiments* By whom (lopped. — —

1764. June 25th October 25th - - 45th -D° - Mr. Nicoll - - Ditto - - f s. d. a,5 >« 329 5 ll £. t. (1 [

29th December 26th 1765. February 27th April 25th mm w m _ mm D* - D* -D* -D# - - - Ditto - - - - Ditto - - - - Ditto - - - - Ditto - - 33> 118 13 4 420 >5 23* 14 &

May 11th D* -Total Mi - - Ditto - -. Nicoll, at Louiiboui ,13 8 9 g - ' 1,761 1 8

1764. June gth Gov' Burton, gth June- 44th - - Mr. Barrow - 245 10

— - - Ditto - 7th February - 28th - - - Ditto - - 109 267 16 J 253 1 0 16 10

August 21st - - Ditto - 13th July - - D* - - - Ditto - -

September lit - - Ditto - lft September 44th - - - Ditto -

— - - Ditto - - - Ditto - D° - - - Ditto - - 24 6 3

8th - - Ditto - 8th Ditto . - 28th - - - Ditto - - 23i 7 i

November igth - - Ditto - igth November 44*. - - - Ditto - - 238 7

nth 1 Received from Capt. Lieut. Johnsonoi the Artillery - - - - Ditto - - >3* 1

- - Ditto - 2d November 28th - - - Ditto - % >3 «'* fi iof

1765. January 10th - - Ditto - 10th January - D* - - - Ditto - -

February 17th - - Ditto - 17th February - 44th - - - Ditto - - 287 0 1 28/ *3 4 174 2 'I 1 A A

March 12th - - Ditto - 12th March - 60th, 2d Batt" - - Ditto - -

April 4th - - Ditto - 4th April - - 44th - . - - - Ditto - -

May 18th - - Ditto - 30th Ditto - - 60th, 2d Batt" - - Ditto - - 59 l9 4 178 12 1 22 12 9 24 8 4 89 8 9

2 2d Ditto. - 22d May - - 27 th - - - Ditto - -

1763.December 15th - - Ditto - 15th December 28th - - - Ditto - -

1764. January 25th - - Ditto - 25th January - D" - - - Ditto - -

April 2d - - Ditto - 2d April - - D* - - - - Ditto - -

14th - - Ditto - 14th Ditto - - 44th - - - Ditto - - 237 1 *

_ - - Ditto — Ditto - - D# - - - Ditto - -: 238 J9 21 248 12 3» 233 16 8 272 4 9* 165 3-

- - Ditto - - Ditto - - D* - - - Ditto - -:

1765* June 10th - - Ditto - 3d June - - D* - - Ditto

July lit - - Ditto - lft July - - 15th - - - Ditto -: \

11th - - Ditto - 11th June - - 27th - - Ditto - - 4,722 16 6J 20,025 »9 5i

Pay Office, 24th February 1783.

Jrr Powell.

N* 44-

23 Geo. Ill

2° Julii. 669

N* 44-

Gentlemen,

My Mind is extremely distressed, by having received Information that it is under Consideration, whether a criminal Prosecution shall not be commenced against me, on Account of my Examination upon Oath, taken in your Office on the 20th and 26th and the

9th, 12th, 15th, 19th, and 28th March 1781. In that Situation, I must entreat my further Examination may be deferred, until I shall be relieved, by Authority, from any Apprehension of such criminal Prosecution, left Questions should be put, the Answers to which may tend to accuse myself, which ought not to be done. If I can be affined that no such Prosecution is meditated, and that none such shall be commenced, I will readily submit fully to answer such Questions as you shall be pleased to put

I am, with great Respefit, Gentlemen,

Y our most obedient March 7th, 1783. and most humble Servant,

Jit Powell.

To the Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N° 45.

Extra6t of Minute of the Treasury, of the 22d of February 1783, on Mr. Powell's Examination -

My Lords are pleased to direct a full State of the same to be prepared by the Solicitor to this Board, from the Minutes of this Day, the 14th and the 15th Instant; and that the fame, with the several Accounts delivered in, be laid before the Attorney and Solicitor General as soon as possible, for their Opinions, to know whether any, and what further Proceedings ought to be had in this Business.

The above is a true Extract, Treasury Chambers,! John Martin Leake.

8th March 1783. J

And the Directions contained therein have been communicated to the Solicitor of the Treasury.

J. M. Leake.

N*46.

The Examination ef Mr. John taken upon

Oath, 17th March 1783.

This Examinant faith, That the Deputy Paymasters Abroad return from Time to Time to the Pay Office

in London, as Opportunities offer, generally within a few Tenth Months, an Account of their Receipts and Payments, Report made up to the Date of their Account, and usually with °n Publ'c their Vouchers. These Accounts are immediately exa- ecou* mined in the Office with the Vouchers, and then entered in the Books of the Accounts of the several Deputies:

The Parts of the Account that relate to the SubsistencC, are posted soon afterwards into the Ledger, to the separate Accounts of the Regiments; the Parts that consist of Extraordinaries, are entered in a Book containing the American Extraordinaries only; these Articles are entered in this Book of Extraordinaries at different Times, as the Business of the Office will permit; they must be entered before the Account of the Year, in which the Warrants bear Date, is made out for the ' Auditor. The Sum Total of the Year’s Extraordinaries is then carried to the Account of the Deputy Paymaster in the Ledger.

He has examined the Articles stated in the Account of the Additions made to the final Account of the late Lord Holland, since the 5th of October last, with the Books of the Deputy Paymaster in the Office; and he finds that all the Articles, importing to be Sums received and gained by the Deputy Paymasters therein mentioned, are severally entered as Charges upon them in the respective Books of those Deputies; and, as he believes, they were entered soon after the Accounts themselves were received at the Office. These Articles are posted separately to the Account of each Deputy in the Ledger, when the Account is made up for the Auditor.

He believes the Deputy Paymasters, Mr. Mortier, Mr.

Porter, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Nicolls, and Major Wrightson, are dead, and all their Accounts, except Mr. Barrow's, have been long since made up. He assisted in making out the Two Articles of Profit on Remittances; that on Subsistence, as he believes, about the Year 1764, under the Direction of Mr. Nicolls, the then Accountant of the Pay Office; and that on the Extraordinaries, about Five or Six Years ago, under the Direction of Mr. Powell.

The Articles that compose the Lift of the Stoppages, are taken from the Accounts of the Deputies, as they are returned to the Pay Office, and entered in their separate Books of Account, and were posted into the Ledger previous to the Year 1772, when the final Account of Lord Holland was sent to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

Jit Colbome.

T. Anguish,

RichfNeave,

Sam> Beachcrofi,

Geo. Drummond.

N«47-

Air ACCOUNT of the Balances due from the Deputy Paymasters of Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General, to the Account of the said Lord Holland, on the 14th of March 1783.

Balance due from John Luke Nicoll, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia Balance due from Peter Taylor, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster in Germany Balance due from Robert Paris Jay lor, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster in Ditto Balance due from Ditto, Deputy Paymaster on Two Expeditions

£. s. d.

8,371 9 4

7,915 18 2

24,880 19 10| 458 n 9

Bennet Street, 17th March 1783.

£. 41,626 19 i|

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

Jrt Powell.

You

8 H N* 48.

6-jo

a' Ju

A. 1783.

Tenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 48.

LIST of Paymaster General’s Accounts, delivered into the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; spedfying

the Times of Delivery, and when they were attested.

The Right honourable Cha' s'!

Account, for Half a Year, to 24th December 1765 -J

D*, Half a Year, to 24th June 1766 The Right honourable Lord North, and! George Cooke, Esquire, Half a Year, to 24th of December 1766 - -J

D°, One Year, to 24th December 1767 -George Cooke, and the Right honourable] Thd Townshend, Half a Year, to 24th of June 1768 - - - -J

The Right honourable Half‘s

a Year, to 24th December 1768 -J

D\ One Year, to 24th December 1769 -D°, One Year, to 24th December 1770 -D% One Year, to 24th December 1771 -D*, One Year, to 24th December 1772 -D°, One Year, to 24th December 1773 -

When delivered.

Mr. Aislabie’s, 8th of February 1776

Lord Sondes, 7th July 1777 "

Mr. Aislabie, the 30th of October 1779 Lord Sondes, 30th October 1779 Mr. Aislabie, 15th of November 1779

Lord Sondes, 16th of November 1779

Mr. Aislabie, - - D° -Lord Sondes, 17th November 1780 - Mr. Aislabie, 21st December 1780 -Lord Sondes, 25th February 1782 -

Lord Mouutstuart,26th February 1782

Wb«n attested.

20th June 1781. .

lft March 1782.

/Lord North, 12th Novr 1781. /Mr. Cooke, 22d January 1782.

4th September 1782.

/Mr. Cooke, 22d January 1782. /Mr. Townshend, 29th D#.

25th November 1782.

- - D#.

Not yet attested.

Pay Office, 3d March 1783.

Chd Bembridge.

N* 49-

ANNE R.

Whereas by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, lately passed, We have erected the Office of Comptroller of all Accounts relating to Our Forces (those Forces in Ireland excepted) with Directions therein, amongst other Things, That the said Comptrollers shall observe such Instructions as they shall from Time to Time receive from Us, under Our Royal Sign Manual: Our Will and Pleasure now is, and We do hereby direct and command, That the following Instructions be duly observed by the Comptrollers of the said Accounts, now and for the Time being, until We signify Our Pleasure to the contrary; that is to say,

lit. The said Comptrollers are to take and keep an Account of all the Monies which shall be issued at the Exchequer, or otherwise, to the respective Paymasters for the said Forces, and to take Care that they be duly charged therewith; for which Purpose all Orders for issuing Monies to the said Paymasters, are to be entered with the said Comptrollers.

2. The said Comptrollers are to take and keep an Account of all Arms, Provisions, Tents, and other Things, which shall be delivered out of Her Majesty’s Stores to the Use of any of the Regiments, Troops, or Companies; and (in Cafes where any Deduction is to be made for them, or any of them) they are to take Care that the Value thereof be duly charged to the Account of such Regiment, Troop, or Company.

3. The General having approved and sealed the Patterns for Clothing, the Colonels are to contract for the said Clothing, and then exhibit to the Comptrollers the said Contracts; which are to specify the Quantities, Qualities, and Prices of each Particular. The said Colonels, or their Agents, are like wife to exhibit to the Comptrollers the Debt owing on the Off-reckonings the 24th of February 1703; from which Day this Rule shall commence. The Comptrollers are likewise to take Care that the Clothes for the Army in England be furnished according to the Contracts and Patterns (for which, as to the Troops Abroad, the Certificate of the Captain General, or of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him, is to suffice); and that the Clothing do not exceed the Off-reckonings: And if any Regiment is in Debt, the Debt is to be funk Annually as much as the Service will bear; and the Observations how the Debt decreales are to be represented from Time to Time, by the Comptrollers, to the General and Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Tune being. The Comptrollers being satisfied that the Contracts have been performed according to the Patterns, shall certify the feme respectively to the Pay -masters; without which they are not to comply with any Assignment for the Payment thereof.

4th. Iney are, by themselves or their Agents, to in-spe€t all the Mutters and Mutter Rolls to be taken of the said Forces, or any of them, and the Computations of Pay made thereupon; and to settle Methods in relation thereunto, as may best obviate all Frauds and Abuses concerning the Mutters; and on every Mutter to certify the Respites and Causes thereof to the General or Commander in Chief of Our Forces, and to Our High Treasurer, or Commissioners of our Treasury, for the Time being.

5th. They are to inspefit the Regimental Accounts kept by the respective Paymasters of Our Forces, and

to

i^-

33 Geo. III. a0 Julii. 671

to take Care that there be no Error therein, either to the Prejudice of Us, or any of Our Officers or Soldiers.

6th. They are to keep an exact Account of all Deductions from Our Forces for Poundage, and for One Day’s Pay in the Year, and of all other Matters and Things, which ought to compose the voluntary Charge in the Account of the said Paymasters, to be Annually passed in the Exchequer; so that they may be able to attest the same before the said Account be declared.

7th. They are to take and keep an Account of all Payments which shall be made by the Paymasters to the Colonels, Agents, Clothiers, -or others, and to examine the Vouchers for the fame; and also to esquire, from Time to Time, whether the Money received by the Colonels, or their Agents, for Subsistence and Clearings, be justly and duly paid over to the Captains; for which the Colonels, or their Agents, shall produce Certificates, or Efficient Vouchers, from the respective Captains, to the Comptrollers, Once every Year for the Troops Abroad.

8th. They are likewise to enquire and satisfy thera-selves, from Time to Time, concerning the Performance of all Matters and Things required to be performed by the respective Paymasters and Muster-malters, or any other Officers, by the late Act, intituled, "An Act for " punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or

" desert Her Majesty’s Service in or Ireland;

" and for punishing false Musters; and for better Payment of Quarters in England; " and to take particular Care that the Muster Rolls be immediately closed at the Quarters or Garrisons; and that the Parchment Roll be transmitted by the Deputy Cominiflary directly to the Paymasters Office, to prevent any Alteration after such Clonng.

9th. They are, from Time to Time, to exhibit to Us, and to Our General and Commander in Chief of Our Forces, and to Our High Treasurer of , or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, ail Defaults which shall occur to them in Relation to Our said Forces, or any of them.

10th, and lastly. The said Comptrollers are to observe all such farther Orders, Rules, and Instructions, as they shall or may from Time to Time receive from Us, or from the General or Commander in Chief of Our Forces, or from Our Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, in relation to their Office, and for the better Government in the fame. Dated at St. James's, the 28th Day of April 1704, in the Third Year of Our Reign.

By Her Majesty’s Command,

Godolphin.

N* 50.

STATE of the Fees payable on making up and passing the final Account of the Right honourable Lord North and Geo. Cooke, as Joint Paymaster General of the Forces, for One Year, ended the 24th December 1767; with the Rates at which such Fees are payable: Pursuant to the Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 11th of February 1783.

Auditor’s Fee. . Troops and Companies, at ioj. per Annum each, on the Establishment of Great Britain: lft and 2d Troops of Horle and Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and 13 Regiments of Dragoons, consisting in all of 94 Troops, for a £. s. d. £. s. d.

Year, to 24th December 1767 - - - - Regiments of Foot; viz. lft Regiment of Foot Guards, contifting of 28 Companies, the Coldstream and 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, contifting of 18 Companies each, in all 64 Com- 47

panies, for the same Time ----- The 2d Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot, the King’s own Regiment of Foot, and 10 other Regiments of Foot, Fuzileers, &c. consisting of 9 Companies each, being in all 108 Companies, for the same Time - - - - -One Regiment of Invalids, and 6 other Regiments, consisting in all of 46 Com- 32 — 1

54,) 109

panies, for the same Time - -- On the Establishments of Minorca and Gibraltar: One Regiment of Foot, commanded by Major General Burton, and 7 other Regiments of Foot, consisting of 9 Companies each, in all 72 Companies, for 123 J

the same Time ------- On the Plantation Establishment: One Regiment of Foot, commanded by Deut General Whitmore, and 18 other Regiments of Foot, consisting of 9 Companies each, being 171 Companies; Sir Jeffry Amherst's Regiment, consisting of 18 Companies, and O'Hara's Corps, consisting of 3 Companies, in all 192 Companies, for the same Time -Vot. 39. 36

96 Oi

Tenth

Report <mi I'tj»>!ic Accounts.

Tenth Report on Public Account*.

671

20 JuUi

On the Trill) EstablHhment:

One Regiment of Foot, commanded by General Lambert, and 5 other Regiments, consisting of 9 Companies each, in all 54 Companies, for the same Time

On Additional Establishment:

One Regiment of Foot, commanded by General Sand ford, consisting of 9 Companies, for 141 Days, at ioj. each per Annum -

One Regiment, commanded by Col. Gisborne, consisting of 9 Companies, for 168 Days, at the same Rate each ——

One Regiment of Foot, commanded by Sir John consisting of 9 Companies, for 167 Days, at the same Rate each -

One Regiment of Foot, commanded by Col. Scott, consisting of 9 Companies, for 165 Days, at the same Rate each -

Major General Tovey, and Col. Parslow's additional Private Men, 12 Companies, of 28 Men in each Company, for 243 Days, at the same Rate each The additional Fee for the Account of the Paymaster General of the Forces, per Annum -

The Fee for the Account of the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, per Annum -

Auditor’s Fee -

Deputy Auditor’s Fee -

Clerk’s examining the Account - -

D* on passing Army Account ——

Chelsea Hospital Account -

Gratuity to Person attending the passing the Accounts through the different Offices ——

Total Fees payable to the Auditor’s Office - -

Fees payable on passing the Accounts through the different Offices; viz.

On Declaration, Chancellor of Exchequer, Army - - -Chelsea Hospital I-- 6 - 6 s. d.

Treasury, Army -Chelsea Hospital 5 - 5

King’s Remembrancer, Army -Chelsea Hospital Clerk - - 10 2 1

Treasurcr’s Remembrancer, Army -Chelsea Hospital Clerk - 1 1 1 1 f H M V| 9 6] rij

Pipe Office, Army - Chelsea Hospital - - 81 - 10

Total Amount of the Fees

Auditor’s Office, Lord Sondes, Scotland Yard, 15th February 1783.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

A \ 1783

jr. s. d.

42 — 5 5 5 5

2 —

- -

12 12 —

10 10 —

13 1 —

10 15 —

91 11 —

-L

27

1

2

2

2

4

150

70

s. d.

*4 9 1 4 1 1

— 8

546

105

17 10

54 12 —

706 9 10

138 9 —

844 18 10

} Depr Auditore*

N* 51.

673

23 Geo. III. 20 Julii

K*5i.

Tenth

Av ACCOUNT of the Pay of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Secretary and Clerks, oiH°ubli* &c. and of Fees and Gratuities paid to the Secretary and Clerks in their Office, on Contracts and Commission Account*' Business, on Assignments, and for Invalid Clothing, for the Year 1781; viz.

Henry Bunbury, Esquire, 365 Days Pay from the Paymaster General’s Office

Deductions at the Pay Office:

Additional Poundage, at 12 per Poundage - - at 12 d.- D*

Ditto - - at 6d.- D#

One Day’s Pay to Chelsea Hospital -

£. s. d.

- 37 10 —

- 37 JO —

J8 15 —

212

The Year’s Land Tax - - - - ->

Nett Salary -

Sir John Dick, the other Comptroller - -

Thomas Fauquier, Esquire, Secretary, his Pay for 365 Days -

Deductions at the Pay Office, from Ditto - - - J. 38 6 si

The Year s Laud Tax..... c —

Nett Salary

Fees and Gratuities on Contracts and Commission Business -Ditto - Ditto - on Alignments and Invalid Clothing -

Nett Receipt

VICTUALLING BRANCH:

David Crow's Salary - - - So----

The Year’s Land Tax deducted - -- - 5162

Fees and Gratuities on Contracts and Commission Business -

Nett Receipt -

William White's Salary - - £. 55----

The Year’s Land Tax deducted - - - - £-5 3 4l

For Writing Establishments, D° - - - 6 6 — j 11 ®

Fees and Gratuities on Contracts and Commission Business -

Nett Receipt -

CLOTHING BRANCH:

jt. s. d. 749 J9 1

95 16 *

654 211 95 6 3

558 16 8

558 16 8

299 19 Si

79 ii 5$

220 8 3 821 15 — 328 13 6

1,370 16 9

74 3 »<* 759 1 —

833 4 10

43 J® 8

390 19 —

434 9 8

Robert Quorate'$ Salary -

The Year’s Land Tax deducted -

Fees and Gratuities on Alignments and Invalid Clothing

£. ga----

10 6 8

69 »3 4 164 6 6

Nett Receipt - *

William Walmsleys Salary - - £. 40----

The Year’s Land Tax deducted - 534

Fees and Gratuities on Alignments and Invalid Clothing

233 19 10

34 16 8

95 83

Vo L. 39.

Nett Receipt -

130 4 11

8 I

John

Accounts from Customs in Scotland —

Fees, &c.

Incidents.

Establish-

ment.

Salt OtTice.

Ditto, Inci* dents.

Ditto, F.rta* blishment.

Brass exported.

Excise in Scotland.

674

a9 JuhL

John Brmens Salary, as Messenger,

The Year’s Land Tax deducted

£. 45----

5 16 2

Fees and Gratuities on Contracts and Commission Business -

Nett Receipt -

Ditto - Ditto - on Alignments

Mary Brou'i/'s Salary, as Necessary Woman -

Fees and Gratuities on Contrafts and Commission Business -

Ditto - Ditto - on Alignments

Nett Receipt -

Allowance to Samuel Hayes, who is superannuated, and lives in the Country -

Comptroller’s Office, 21 ft May 1783.

John Dick.

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

39 3 »o 46 8 — 41 5 —

- 126 16 10

20 — —

- 23 4 —

20 12 6

- 63 16 6

£ 20

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Uoufe.

The Honfp being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Dpor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their-Orders,

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Department of the several Custom Houses in Scotland: And also,

An Account of the incidental Charges of the Customs for Scotland, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1782: And allb, !

A Copy of the Establishment of the Customs in St otlaml, as the same stood at Michaelmas 1782, shewing the Number of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each: And also,

An Account of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Department of the Salt Office in Scotland: And also,

An Account of the incidental Charges of the Salt Duty for Scotland, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1782: And allb,

A Copy of the Establishment of the Salt Duties in Scotland, as the same stood at Michaelmas 1782; shewing the Number of the several Officers and Clerks employed therein, with the Salaries and Allowances paid to each: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Brals in the Ingot entered for Exportation, between the lft Day of January 17.55 and the lft Day of January 1781; distinguishing each Port and each \ ear: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Brass in the Ingot entered for Exportation in any Port- of Scotland, from lit January 1781 to lft January 1783; being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Port and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And Uie Titles 01 the said Accounts and Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Copies do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the I iouic.

The said Accounts and Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Ilmife being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at

04

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Annual incidental Expences in the Revenue of Excise: And allb,

A Copy of the Establishinent of the Excise Office at Michaelmas 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Copy were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Copy are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional and new- Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, so'r repairing the Highways between Sheppards and

Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdmn Hill, in the County of H ilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint James, and certain Places adjoining

thereto, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; with ' some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wills, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power, Esquire, de-ceaied; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for the more lafe and

convenient

Supply Bill; StauipDui.es.

Sheppard* Shord, tie. Itoads.

St. Jame?,

Westminiicr,

Paving.

Power’s Partition of Lands.

Land taken for fecuirng the Dock Yards.

I And taken for ft-curing the Dock Yards.

Supply Rill;

Exchequer Bills.

Supply Rill;

Sinking

fund.

23 Geo. III. 20 Julii* 675

convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of was

read the Third Time.

lie-solved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for the more fete and convenient carrying on of His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham,

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Suin of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan £f-

quire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the llland of Dominica, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made tathe Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;. and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil Litton the 5th Day of April 1783, with the Monies applicable towards Payment of the fame.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39.

Ax

Power's Partition of I^audb.

Jamaica, &c. Free Ports.

Regulating the Receipt of the Exchequer.

Civil List Debt.

A. 1783.

Civil List f>ebL

675

2° Julil

An E S TI M A T E of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, on the 5th Day of April 1783 J with the Monie*

applicable towards Payment of the same ,* viz.

To Her Majesty the Queen - - . - - - *

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales - -

More for the incidental Expences of His Royal Highness

For the Princes Frederick, William, Edward, Ernest Augustus, and Adolphus -

More for incidental Expences of their Royal Highnesses -

For his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -

To the Lord Steward, to defray the Expences of His Majesty’s Household -

To the Lord Chamberlain, for Expences within his Department -

To the Master of the Horse, for Expences of the Stables, &c.

To the Master of the Robes to His Majesty, for Expences in that Office

To the Debt in the late Office of Works.....-

To Foreign Ministers on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances -

Fo pay sundry Fees and Salaries at the Exchequer - -

To sundry Pensions and Annuities ——

For D*, formerly paid by Lord Viscount Gage -

For D°, formerly paid by sundry Persons -

For D\ to the Ihte Queen’s Servants -

For 1)*, to the late Princess Dowager of Wales's Servants -

For Charities, formerly paid by the Paymaster of the Pensions for French Protestant Clergy and Laity ——

For His Majesty Bounty and Gate Alms ——

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners ——

For Compensations to sundry Persons whose Offices are suppressed -For His Majesty’s Secret Service -

To Charles Ambler, Esquire, for Law Charges -

To the Uther of the Receipt of Exchequer (by the Usher’s Account 6th June 1783) -More for Pay of Watchmen ——

To the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

To Benedict Schuller, for Necefl'aries supplied the Treasury -

To John Elly, for watering the Road from Hyde Park to Kensington Palace - -

To Sir Henry Clinton, late Commissioner to treat for Peace in America - -

To Admiral Digby, Commissioner for D° - -

To Sir Guy Carleton, another -

To the Under Clerks of the Council -

To the Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer -

To the Tally Court Officers ——

To the Messengers of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer -

To the Printers on their Bills, and for Stationary -

To Thomas Sanby, for Wages, and Works done in Windsor Forest - -

To William Pollock, for late Officers of the Board of Trade, &c. -To D*, for Money advanced to enable Messengers to perform Journeys -To Jeremiah Sneyd, for Money advanced for the same Service -To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for the Vaudois Churches, &c.

To Sir Sampson /Fright, for an Horse Patrol -

To D°, for the Expence of the Petty Sessions in Westminster....

To David Wilmot, Esquire, for the Expence of the Petty Sessions in Worship Street:

For Rent of the Privy Seal Office - - -/

For the Hqufe Tax, for D* and Signet Office, for Four Years -

For Rent of the Office for the Secretary of State -

For 1)* of Cumberland House -

lor Chelsea Water ——

’l'o George Rcse, Esquire, for taking care of the Journals of the House of Lords, &c.

For the Lx|»ence of Swanimote Courts in Windsor Forest -

To Richard Hutson. Esquire, Chief Bailiff of the Tower -

'l'o Evan Nepean, Esquire, for the Expence of the Two Joumies of Henry Strachey,

Flqtiire, to Paris -

To Henry Straduy, Esquire, for his Expences -

9. d.

12,500 —

5/>5» 3 li

4,112 2 —

2,750 — —

581 14 11

2,250 — —

21,435 6 11

25,925 3 2

17,710 — 5i

1,523 8 9i

5,539 1 9

40,018 6 6i

52,647 13 iof

8,775 17 3t

n,357 19 9

7,368 18 6

320 — 8 i

3,088 — lot

12,886 10 —

1,369 5 —

1,500 — —

761 14 lot

2,755 3 6

504 10 8

20,670 6 6i

108 — —

253 4 3

120 — —

65 — —

39i 2 2t

6,157 15 6

5,795 4 9

75 — — -

170 13 — .

117 10 —

802 15 2i

15.014 3 6t

3,oi5 16 1

3,482 9 8

3,133 9 —

1,293 4 —

978 4 8

323 10 6

165 17 6

242 8 6

154 — - 3

46 3

155 12 6

79 4 7t

26 7 —

177 13 6

32 6 2

375 M 6

55 5 11 6

546 — —

To

i!

1

23 Geo. III.

2* Julii.

To Meflirs. Gabbott, for their Report of the State of the -Mint, &c.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

To Ditto, for certain Female Objects in Distress -

For Rent of Mote Park ——

To Jeremiah Sneyd, for the Incident Expences in the Office of Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

To William Pollock, the like for the Home Department -

Towards satisfying the above Sums, there remained in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1783, of the Civil List />

Revenues, exclusive of 12,500l. taken to cancel Exchequer Bills ------ 201,302 4 lii

677

£. s- d-

546-----

969 1 lOf

1,200 -

l6l 15 —

284 — 2 *79 9 1

310,696 13 9t

To which mud be added the following Sums granted by Parliament out of the Aids for the Year 1783viz.

To replace the like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses -

To replace the like Sum issued to Mitward Rose, Esquire, to be paid over to American Sufferers -

To replace Payments to Duncan

Esquire, for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the Thames

j£. s. d. 11,236 4 —

45,286 17 —

11,744 16 9

68,267 17 9

Besides the above Sums, the following Monies remained applicable to the Payment of the Civil List Expences ,* viz.

Imprest Money repaid by Lord Viscount Beauchamp, late Cofferer of the House-

hold....

Ditto by Lord Viscount Gage, late Pay-master of Pensions and Bounties Money received from Antigua by Milward Rince, Esquire, and by him paid into the Exchequer -

£. d. 900----

11,213 18 2 600 — —

Estimated Debt of the Civil List on the 5th of April 1783

12,713 18 2

282,284 — loj 28,412 12 lii

Mem. As complete Accompts of the Fees on the Civil List Payments, directed to be taken at the several Offices to the 5th of April 1783, have not been transmitted to the Treasury, no Credit can be here taken for the fame.

2d July 1783.

Duties on *lait for Private Use.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration lo much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December lait, as relates to the Civil List Debt.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for repaying the Money Vox.. 39.

to such Persons as shall have already paid the Composition.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to 'by the House to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

8 K Mr.

1

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Duties on Smalts.

Ld. Rodney's Annuity.

78 2° Julii.1783.

Mr. Burke, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment wap made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of fq much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 1‘ An Act for extending the Provisions of " Three Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of " his late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth " Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting " a Bounty on ceftaip Species of British and Irish " Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens, British " Callicoes and Cottoas, or Cotton mixed with Linen, " printed, painted, or fiained in Great , and

" to Buckrams and Tillettings exported during the " Time therein limited, and for taking off the Duties " payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts," as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That l’o much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts, be repealed.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Captain Johnstone, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Monday last, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum to Lord Rodney, and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall defeend; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of Two thousand Pounds be

06

granted to His Majesty, out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the Twelfth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the present Lord Rodney, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Rodney, to w hom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Captain Johnstone and Lord Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fr. Secretary at War, according to Order, re- Annuity t« ported from the Committee of the whole House, to £jrio<j^A' whom it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message of Monday last, relating to His Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum to the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annual Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the Thirteenth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott,

Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, during his Life, and the Life of his Son Francis Augustus Eliott.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Lord John Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Captain Johnstone, according to Order, reported F.aft India from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Affairs, it was referred to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the ~

Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies was referred j the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, be indemnified and discharged from all Damages, Interest, and Lofi’es, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public; and that further Time be allowed for making such Payments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it may be expedient for the Public to advance, towards the Relief of the East India Company, in their present Circmustances, the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and be advanced by the Public towards the Relief of the said Company, the said Loans or Exchequer Bills to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That until the said postponed Debt due from the Company to the Public shall be paid, and the Company’s

Bond

Civil List Debt.

Duties on Cotlee, &c.

Importation uf loreign Spirits, &c.

23 Geo. III. 20 Juki. 679

Bond Debt, reduced to One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, the Surplus Profits beyond a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, ought to be applied to those Purposes.

The laid Rciblutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, lhat a Bill be brought in upon the said Rciblutions: And that Captain Johnstone, Lord John Cavendish, and Sir Henry Fletcher, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, proceed in the further Consideration of the Matters contained in the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December' last, as relates to the Civil List Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

3

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Duties now payable on Cocoa and Coffee imported, and of the Duties and Drawbacks on Mullins, Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloth, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblvcd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come tofeveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rclbbe itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation, of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining such Part of the Act impoling a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Miftuke in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excite

O

acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excile Stalu.es, be now read.

And the said Ol der being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that Tea, not in the original Package, may be carried in larger Quantities, tliau are now allowed by Vox.. 39.

Law, from one Place to another, without tire Bills of Mortality;

The House divided.

The Yeas w'ent forth.

Tellers for t„e Yea {& }

Tellers for the Noes, Mn’ 1

12.

51.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Alotion was made, and the Question was proposed. Levying a That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Regiment m that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, w,tzeran -that Enquiry be made into the Facts respeCHng the levying of a Regiment on the Borders of by Colonel Erskine, during the last War, and humbly to beseech His Majesty to order such Relief to the Officers concerned in the said Levy as the Circumstances of their same shall, on due Investigation, appear to merit.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put T^hat the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the East India Company do forthwith lay before this House, Copies of all Orders and other Papers relating to the railing a Regiment on the Borders of Switzerland, during the late War.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duty on upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Bunnl Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, gltlnei’’ c-and Christenings;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alomitig, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Allowing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Adjutant upon the Bill to enable the Adjutant General of His Letters Alajefiy’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the better preventing Frauds in the landing Frauds in the and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent landing, &c. the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation olVuint. to obtain the Drawback or Bounty, was read a Second Time.

Resedvcd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire American into the Circumstances of such Persons as are reducea Doyulifts. to DHtrels by the late unhappy Distentions in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

68o 2° — 30 . ^.1783.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And be moved the House accordingly.

Exportation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of Corn, &c. for preventing the Exportation of Com, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Com at the Low Duties: And that Mr. Dempster and Sir Adam gusson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, S* die Julii

Anno 23* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

PttAYERS.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Gaols. to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King the Third,

intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace to " build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties;" with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans Exchequer or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sam of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Fund. Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the Island of Dominica.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Exoortation Order, a Bill for preventing the Exportation of Corn, of Corn, Ac. Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn at the Low Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Captain Johnstone presented to the House, according Ld. Rodney's to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity Annuity, on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Duties on a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Smalts. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took olf the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henrg Fletcher presented to the House, according East ln<ii» to Order, a Bill for granting Relief to the United Company Company. of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Flax and Order, a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of Cott"n -'ls* the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain: uu urei‘ And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jamaica, Ac. An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue so much of Free lVrts. Two Acts, made in the Sixth'and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, as relates to the Island of Dominica, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported firom the Civil Lin Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Deferred to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December last, as relates to the Civil List Debt; the Resoluuon which the Committee had directed him to report to the

House;

St, James, Westminster, Paving.

Duties on Coffee, &c.

23 Geo. III. 30 Julii..681

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Great delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Britain.

read; and is as followeth; viz. The said Refdutions being severally read a Second

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

That His Majesty be enabled to raise a further Sum, agreed to by the House.

not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to pay off Ordet'ed, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John

Lift, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu,

hundred and Eighty-three; and that the said Sum be Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

charged upon such Part of the Duties and Revenues General, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in,

of the Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, the fame.

as were made applicable to the Payment of the Sums

of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Annuity to

thousand Pounds, respectively, granted by Two Acts, cording to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a s.ir.G- A. made in the First and Seventeenth Years of the Reign certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable of His present Majesty, and after the Demise of His Sir Georg Knight of the MoftHonour- Majesty to be charged upon the hereditary Revenues able Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent of the Crown. Services performed by him to His Majesty and this

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, Country: And the same was received; and read the was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by First Time.

the House. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Resolution: And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl Tomorrow Morning, of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Regulating

Sheridan, and Air. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the Reading of the Bill for establishing certain Regula-

feme. tions in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, be ci, tqUer. "

now read.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords And the said Order being read accordingly; to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, The said Bill was read a Second Time,

and lighting the Parish of Saint James, and certain Resolved, That the Bill committed.

Places adjoining thereto, within the Liberty of West - Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee minster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances of the whole House.

and Annoyances therein, be taken into Consideration Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning,

Tomorrow Morning. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Limitation of referred to consider of the Duties now payable on into further Consideration the Report from the Committee Cocoa and Coffee imported, and of the Duties and of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further 1 's Drawbacks on Mullins, Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloth; Limitation of Writs 6f Right, and for the further Amend-the Resolutions which the Committee had directed ment of the Law, was re-committed, him to report to the House; which he read in his And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Ainend-t'is. ments to several of them, agreed to by the House;

.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and several Amendments were made, by the House, to That the present Rates or Duties payable upon the the Bill.

Importation of Plain Mullins, Unrated Muslins and Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths, do cease, determine, Report be adjourned till this Day Two Months, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Allowing the That, in lieu of the said Rates or Duties, a Duty be to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, charged after the Rate of Eighteen Pounds per Centum upon the Bill to enable the Adjutant General of His fraukLeiters. upon the Gross Price at the Sale at Candle of all Plain Majesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Packets Alullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin free from the Duty of Postage, be now read.

Cloths, imported into this Kingdom. And the said Order, being read accordingly;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-That a Drawback, after the Rate of Ten Pounds per mittee. That they have Power to extend the Provi-Centum, be allowed upon the Exportation from this fions of the said Bill to the Comptrollers of the Army Kingdom of such Plain Alullins, Unrated Alullins and Accounts.

Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths. Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee.

That the Inland Duties now payable upon Coffee and Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth of the British Colonies and Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Plantations, do ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, or payable. Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments That an Inland Duty of Six Pence per Pound Weight thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when be laid upon all such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts. the House will please to receive the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow That the said Duties be charged with the several ad- Alorning. ditional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum imposed

by Three Acts, made in the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoqfe, Duty on Majesty, upon the Produce of the Duties under the upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty ^l'-1 ’

Vo l. 39. 8 L on8 ’

Importation of foreign Spirits*

Highland Roads and Bridges.

East India Affairs.

682 3® — 4

00 the Registry of Burials, Marriages Births, and Christenings, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining such Part of the A 6kimpofing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingvoffed.

Juiii. A. 1783.

N° 6. Copy of Colonel James Francis Erskims's Release to Sir William James, and Lawrence Esquire, Chairman and Deputy, dated 27th June 1783:

And also,

N° 7. Copy of Colonel James Francis Erslcitte'3 Receipt for 2,013 Lin full of all Demands 00 tlte East India Company, as per Award, dated 27th June 1783:

And also,

N° 8. A. and B. Two Books, containing Proceedings of the Secret Committee, from 27th March 1781 to 15th April 1782.

Together with a List of the said Papers an d Bocks.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Commission-Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twentieth, e.rs of Ptuble Tw’enty-first, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign ccouns-of His present Majesty, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Pub-'lic Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 14. To leave out " Fifth " and insert " Twelfth " instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 40. To leave out " Fifth " and insert " Twelfth " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the several Sums of Money granted on Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, from Midsummer 17.60 to Midsummer 1783; together with an Account how the same has been expended; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

N° 1. Copy of the Case relative to Colonel James Francis Erskine's Demands on the East India Company,

with the Opinions of Mr. Mansjicld and Mr. Rous thereon: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Award of Thomas Bates Rous, Alexander Blair, and John Elwes, Esquires, Arbitrators between the East India Company and Colonel James Francis Erskine, dated 19th June 1783: And also,

N° 3. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, the 20th and 25th June 1783: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Note from Colonel James Francis Erskine, read in the Court of Directors the 20th June 1783: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, and Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, to the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Fox, dated India House, 24th June 1783: And also,

A Motion was -made, and the Question being pro- Army Lifts, posed, that there be laid before this House printed Lists of the Army, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1783;

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, American resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lo7a,'ft* upon the Bill lor appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Circumstances of Rich Per Ions as are reduced to Distrefi by the late unhappy Dissentions in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Julii;

Anno 23® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

"DESO LVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjoum-of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- nunt. ing next

A Bill for preventing the Exportation of Corn, £xportat;on Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during tbs Operation

of Com, &c.

of

23 Geo. III. 40 Julii. 683

of Two AS s of Parliament, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn at the Low Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ld. Rodney’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second.

Annuity. Reading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two. next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Annuity to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Elliot A* Reading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable George Augustus Elliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House according civil List to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according, to Order, Duties on a Bill for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Mu(*ln8>&c-Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morton Pitt presented to the House, according Preservation to Order, a Bill for the Increase and Preservation of of k‘ds’s His Majesty’s Wood and Timber, and Supply of the Tun er" Royal Navy therewith; and for the better Regulation of certain Forests, Chaces, Parks, Wastes, Woods, and Wood Grounds, belonging to His Majesty:-And tile same was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion being made, That the Bill be read a Second Time; v

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Report of the Sur- Report on veyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, of Woods and the State of the Inclosures in His Majesty’s Forests, Forest*-which was prefeuted to the House upon the 16th Day of June last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Duties on

Flax and Cotton Manufacture*.

Encouraging the Growth Coffee, Arc.

A Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s Islands and Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply Bill; mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Duty on to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, was com- gl nes> c* mitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilb with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmnts, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, According to Order, reported from the Allowing the Committee of the whole House, to whom' the Bill to Adjutant enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces ^t"e^fran to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message

4° Julii. A. 1783.

Supply Bill; Stage Coach Duty.

Supply Bill; Medicine Du tie*.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hare agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 18. After " only" to insert " nor for " more than Three such Carriages, employed for any other Purpose."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners. of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Rill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House g£"l~ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by ' Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday Morning next

Frauds in the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a landing, &c. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the o# Wine. better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing -of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Dumbarton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Shire Writ. the Qer|( of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumbarton, in the room of the Honourable George Keith Elphinstone, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Chamberlain and Secretary of the Principality - of Scotland.

Supply Bill; An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Waggons. other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1.16. To leave out the Words " more than " One,"

And the Question being put, That those Words (land Part of the Bill;

Jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Regulating House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Receipt House, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations the Ev in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer be now c e<luer-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Lord John Cavendish by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty. having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committtee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had- directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ld.Thurlow's Copy of the Patent under the Great Seal, granting the Annuity. Annuity or Yearly Sum of 2,680/. to Edward Lord Thurlow.

A Bill for granting Relief to the United Company East India of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, Company, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing Importation the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for Forel§" putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British S*>ints’ c‘ made Spirituous Liquors; for promoting and encouraging the making of Spirits from Foreign Materials; for explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of

Parliament,

St. James,

Wetiniiufter,

Paving.

Amerciin

Lojahus.

levying

Regiment in fcwiUtrl&nd

.23 GeovIII.

40 — 70

685

Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of - this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing. vexatious Actions against Officers of Excite acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excite Statutes, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more efli ftual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private I)iftillHtion of British made Spirituous Liquors; lor explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upot> XIale Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the JOffices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Ex-cife acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

Ordered, That Mr.'Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint , and certain Places adjoining thereto, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole FJoufe, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Circurnstances of such Persons as are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Dilfentions in America.

9

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the State of the Fasts relating to the levying of the Regiment on the Borders of Switzerland by Colonel

Erskine, in the Service of the East India Company, and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dempster, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Fraser, Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir James Erskine, Mr. Elwts, Mr. Daubeny, Mr. Johnstone, Sir George Shuckburgh, Mr. , the Mar-

quis of Graham, Sir Henry Fletcher, Sir William James, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Rous, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Parry, Mr. Scott, Mr. Brett, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Adam, Mr. Strahan, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hussey, Mr. D'Oyley, Sir Hat kin Lewes, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Ewer, Mr.

Mr. Byng, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Grey Cooper, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Eliot, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Keene, the Karl of Surrey, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Tau'nshend, Sir Joseph Mnwbey, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Secretary Mr. St. John, Mr. Conway, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

'Mr. Ord, Mr. Arden, Mr. Burke, Mr. North, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Janies Cockburne, Mr. Alderman Bull: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Papers and Books, which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vo i. 39.

Luna, 7° die Julii;

Anno 23" Georgii IIP1' Regis* 1783.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Great Marlow rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrrt’

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to fefve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlene, in the County of Bucks, in the room of William Clayton, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Supply Bill« Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Duty on Christenings, was read the Third Time. rifhilL Ac

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 8 ’

be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Adjutant General of Allowing the His Majesty’s Forces to send and receive Letters and Adjutant Packets free from the Duty of Pottage, was read the 9en' *° ThirdTime. Lette"*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty s Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Power’* to effectuate a Partition or Div.fion of certain Messuages,

- Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Watkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Lancaster, from Ld.Thurlow’* the Clerk of the Patents, attended at the Door; he was Annuity, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Patent, granting the Annuity or Yearly Sum of 2,680/. to Edward Lord

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Duties on Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins, and Callicoes, and Muffins, Ac. Nanquin Cloths, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the further encouraging the Growth of Encouregujs

o »t 00 Uie Growth

8 M Coffee #fCoffeo,*e.

<!>8 6 7* Julii.A. 1785.

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s Islands and Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Civil List A Bill to enable His Majesty to raise a further Surti Debt. of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

3ett*rRetum Sir Uratkih Lewes presented to the House, according

of Juries, &c. to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Return of Juries, within the County of Middlesex, and particularly the Bills of Mortality, and the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke's at Chelsea, and to settle the Fees to be taken by the Officers belonging to the Sheriffs of the City of Lbridori, and the Sheriff of Middlesex, on Bail Bonds, ttod tb regulate the Sale of Goods taken in Execution by the Sheriffs of the said City of London, and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exportation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Com, ice. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts of Parliament^ passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Coro at tlib Low Duties, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Otd, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for faffing a further Sum of Money, by Loan's or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed.; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ’ he ingrossed.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, oii the 5th of April 1783, with the Monies applicable towards Payment of the lame.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate was also read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

M

Supply Bill.

Exchequer Bills.

Civil* L$ Debt.

Geo. III.

?’ Jute,

887

A» ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Civil List, on the 5th of April 1783, with the Monies CivO

Debt*

applicable towards Payment of the fame; viz.

£ 8. d.

12,500 — —

5,051 3 J*

4,112 2 —

2,750 — —

5$* *4 11

2,250 —

21,435 6 it

*5,9$5 3, 2

17,710 — 51

1,523 8 94

5,539 1 f

40,018 . 6 6t

52,647 »3 8,775 17 22,740 19 ioi t

14,775 7 —

640 1 5

6,142 13 3

12,886 l6

5,369 5

L500 — —

761 14 lot

2,755 3 6

504 10 8

20,670 6 61

108 — —

253 4 3

120 65 - .

39' 2 2i

6,157 15 6

5,795 4 9

75 — —

170 '3 —

,117 10 —

802 15 2i

15,014 3 6i

3,015 16 1

3,482 9 8

3,133 9 —

1,293 978 4 —

4 8

323 10 6

165 17 6

242 8 6

*54 — 3

46 3 —

*55 12 6

79 4 74

26 7 — ,

177 13 6

32 6 %

375 11 6

555 11 6

546 — —

54b —

99 1 I0f

1,200

To Her Majesty the Queen ——

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales - - - - - ' *

More for the incidental Expences of His Royal Highness r *

For the Princes Frederick, William, Edward, Ernest Augustus, and Adolphus

More for incidental Expences of their Royal Highheffes - - .- -

For his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland

To the Lora Steward, to defray the Expences of His Majesty’s Hoofehold -

To the Lord Chamberlain, for Expences withinhk Department - ' 1 -

To the Master of the Horse, for Expences of the Stables, &c.

To the Master of the globes to His Majesty, for Expences in that Office - -

To the Debt in the late Office of Works ‘ -

.To Foreign Ministers, on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances -To pay sundry Fees apd Salaries at the Exchequer -

To sundry Pensions and Annuities - - - -. -

For D*, formerly paid by Lord Viscount Gage " »

For D*, formerly paid by sundry Persons - -

For D°, to the late Queen’s Servants ——

For D*, to the late Princefe Dowager of Waless Servants - -

For Charities formerly paid by the Paymaster of the Pensions for French Protestant Clergy and Laity - 1 -

For His Majesty’s Bounty and Gate Alms - - - ’ - - r

To the Band of Gentlpmen Pensioners -

For Compensations to sundry persons whole Offices are suppressed -

For His Majesty’s Secret Service - - - -

Ta Charles Ambler, Esquire, for Law Charges -

To the Uther of the Receipt of Exchequer - ,- - - - T

More for Pay of Watchmen - - '- - - . -

To the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

to Benedict Schaller, for Necessaries supplied the Treasury -

To John Elly, for watering the Road from Hyde Park to Kensington Palace -

To Sir Henry Clinton, late Commissioner to treat for Peace in Afoerfca To Admiral Dighy, Cotnmifljooer for D* - - , - <

To Sir Guy Carleton, another - ‘ - - - - _ -

To the Under Clerks of the Council -To the Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer -To the Tally Court Officers -

To the Messengers of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer -To the Printers, on their Bills, and for Stationary -

To Thomas Sandby, for Wages, and Works done in Windsor Forest To William Pollock, for late Officers of the Board p.f T/ade, ike. -To D°, for Money advanced, to enable Messengers to perform Joumies To Jeremiah Sneyd, for Money advanced for the same Service To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for the Vaudois Churches, &c. -To Sir Sampson Wright, for an Horse Patrole - -

To D\ for die Expence of the Petty Seffiooa ia Westminster - -

To David WiUmt, Esquire, for Expence of Petty Saffions in Worship Street

To the Rent of the Privy Seal Office - . ——

For the.House Tax for D°, and Signet Office, for Years -

For Rent of the Office for the Secretary of State - *>

For i>* of Cumberland House

For Qiellea Water ——

To George Bose, Esquire, for taking care ,of Journals of the House of Lords, &c. -For the Expence of Swahimote Courts in Windsor Forest -

To Richard Emtson, Esquire,.Chief, Bailiff of the Tower -

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, fiX)foeExpenee aftheTwo Journiesof H. Straahey, Esquire, to Paris - - - - - *

To Henry Strachey, Esquike, for his Expences t- - - - .

To Melfrs. GerAeM, for. their Report of foe State of the Mint, Ac. - - - *

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Special Service -

Tp D^forcertafoFcwaleOhje^sinLhltrels.

1. Vot. 39-

For

688

7* >/«

For the Rent of Mote Park - - " - -

To Jeremiah Sneyd, for the Incident Expences in the Office of Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ——

To fVtUtam Pollock, the like for the Home Department -

A. 1783.

£. s. d. 161 15 —

284 — 2 279 9 1

332,860 15 11

Towards satisfying the above Sums, there remained in the Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1783, of the Civil List Revenues, exclusive of 12,500l. taken to cancel Exchequer Bills - - 201,302 4 11J

To which must be added the following Sums granted by Parliament out of the Aids for the Year 1783; viz.

s. d.

To replace the like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses 11,236 4 —

To replace the like Sum issued to Miheard Rowe,

Esquire, to be paid over to American Sufferers - 45,286 17 —

To replace Payments to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on thie Thames ---- 11,744 16 9

" 68,267 *7 9

Besides the above Sums, the following Monies, remained applicable to the Payment of the Civil List Expencesj viz.

Imprest Money repaid by Lord Viscount Beauchamp, £. s. d.

late Cofferer of the Household - 900 — —

D° by Lord Viscount Gage, late Paymaster of Pensions and Bounties - - -- - -11,213182

Money received from Antigua by Milward Razee,

Esquire, and by him paid into the Exchequer - 600 — —

-------- 12,713 18 2

*-------- 282,284 — io|

Eftitnated Debt of the Civil List on the 5th of April 1783 - - £. 50,576 14 3$

Mem*". As complete Accounts of the Fees on the Civil List Payments, directed to be taken at the several Offices to the 5th of April 1783, have not been tran(hutted to the Treasury, no Credit can be here taken for the fame.

Jth Jujy 1783.

Civil List Debt.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole -House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December last, as relates to the Civil Lilt Debt, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That His Majesty be enabled to raise " a further Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand <r Pounds, to pav off and discharge the Debts due and " owing on the Civil List, on the Fifth Day of April, " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and " that the said Sum be charged upon such Part of the 04

" Dudes and Revenues of the Fund commonly called " The Aggregate Fund, as were made applicable to " the Payment of the Sums of Eight hundred thousand " Pounds, and One hundred thousand Pounds, respectively, granted by Two Acts, made in the First "-and Seventeenth-Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and, after the Demise of His Majesty, to " be charged upon the Hereditary Revenues of the " Crown."

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-fblve itself -into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December last, as relates to the Civil List Debt.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’*

23 Geo. III. f JuB. 68a

Majesty *s Civil List on the 5th of April 1783. with the M onies applicable towards Payment of the same (which was this Day presented to the House) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had conic to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the iloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Flax mid Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

wi ac'turesT to rc^ve into a Committee of the whole House, *U"K ures* upon the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ftipply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House s wkin^Fund. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious S(>eech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1A. Rodney’* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into, a -Annuity. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, end the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pet'ceval reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuuto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a AnnuitytoSii Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for set- G-A-tlloU< tling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Osborne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Osborne reported from the Committee,.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The Hpufe, according to Order, resolved itself into Duties on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Smalts, repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the left Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East Indi» to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, upon the Bill for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend; of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that Debentures for Drawbacks on East India Goods shall be received at the Custom House from the East India Company, in Payment of any kind of Duties of Customs payable by the said Company on East India Goods.

Then the House resolved itself into the feud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

8 N ments

7° Julii. 1783.

merits thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloufe will plcate to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

African Fort* and Settlements.

Duties on Malt for Private Use.

l*and taken lor freuring the Dock Yard*,

Whitechapel Paving, &c.

Land taken for securing the Dock Yards.

Lambeth Poor, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prel'cnt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting the Fort " of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company " of Merchants trading to Africa and to vest, as well " the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the " British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of " Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape " Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and " Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and " their Dependencies, in His Majesty, and for securing, " extending, and improving the Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating die Trade to without any Amendment: And aUb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Compenl'ation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church; without any Amendment: And also,

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at and for the more safe and convenient carrying on His Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Eavcrsham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rate, and for better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

RrpuUtins Mr. Orel, according to Order, reported from the Kect t|»tot the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

LxchLtjucr.

establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the First Amendment in Fo. 5.

1. 2. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The First Amendment in Fo. 5. 1. 2. which was, after " Extortion" to insert " Provided that nothing herein " contained shall extend to or affect the Office of Teller " of the Exchequer, which His Majesty hath signified " His gracious Intention to grant to Lord

" Thurlaw, during his Estate therein, but that he shall " hold and enjoy the same in as large and beneficial " Manner and Form as any of the present Tellers hereafter may hold and enjoy their several Offices respectively," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House was moved, That the Copy of the Patent granting the Annuity or Yearly Sum of 2,680/. to Edward Lord Thurlaw (which was this Day presented

to the House) might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Tenth of the Resolutions which, upon the 19th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the several Reports which had been presented to the House from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to affect any Grant which may be made to Edzcard Lord Thurlaw, of the Reversion of a Tellership of the Exchequer.: ’ 1

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided. 1

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^; . } 49-

Tellers for the Noes,[^; \ . } 57-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Officers of the Exchequer shall receive no greater Emoluments in Time of War than in Time of Peace.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Fraud* in t»e the w hole House, to whom the Bill for the better &c-

, of \\ me.

23 Geo. III. f — 8°

preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback cr Eounty, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

s>. jame«, Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to Westminster, jjle Uii|? intituled, An A fit for better paving, cleansing, avl"8' and lighting the Parish of , and certain Places

adjoining thereto, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuifences and Annoyances therein, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Amariaan Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Loyaiuis. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Circumstances of such Persons as are reduced to Diltrels by the late unhappy Diifentions in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis. 8° Julii;

Anno 23° Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Supply Bill; AN iugrofied Bill for raifrng a further Sum of ] xrhequer /\ Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Id. Rodney’s Mr. Perceval, according to Order, reported from Annuity. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direfiled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A nrmiiyto Sir Sir George Osborne, according to Order, reported <J. A. l.liott. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus F.liott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Vol. 39.

Julii. 6yi

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Duties o* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Smalts, repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direfiled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported Flax and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Cotton Ma-the Bill for the more effefitual Encouragement of the nufa<-‘ures-Manufafitures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for SinkmgFuui granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direfiled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Civil List Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Debt referred to consider further of lo much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 5th Day of December lall, as relates to the Civil List Debt; the Resolution which the Committee had direfiled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in Addition to the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds, His Majesty be enabled to raise a further Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to pay off and dil’charge the Debts due and owing on the

Civil

692 8 ° JuliA. 1783.

Civil List, on the Fifth Day of One thou fund

Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and that the said Sum be charged upon such Part of the Duties and Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as were made applicable to the Payment of the Sums of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred thousand Pounds, respectively, granted by Two Acts, made in the First and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and, after the Demise of His Majesty, to he charged upon the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Rftuhting An ingrossed Bill for establishing certain Regulations Receipt of the in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was read the

lixtheqier. Tjme>

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That (Mr. Sheridan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Power’* Mr. Elites reported from the Committee, to whom

Eiiate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to eifeftuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of , heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power, Esquire, deceased, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Standard of A Petition of several Merchants, Freeholders, and We^hu and others, rclident in the County of ,was presented >l*«mres. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Weights and Measures used in the County of Sussex not being ascertained by any fixed Standard, is so great an Evil, and tends so much to the Disadvantage of the Public, that the Petitioners think that at this Juncture, when Taxes are to be laid on the Public towards defraying the Expence of Government, it is well worth the Consideration of the House; and that the Petitioners are induced to believe this Grievance exilis not only in the County of Sussex, but generally throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain-, and they are of Opinion, if an Act of Parliament was to pass, by which all Weights and Measures were to be ascertained and fixed by a particular Standard, and to be stamped, and no Person whatever fuft'ered to fell by any other than stamped Weights and Measures, such Evils would be effectually remedied, and the Public in general much benefitted: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and adopt such Measures therein as to them shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Sir Adam Fergusson, according to Order, reported Exportation

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom of L'orn, &c. the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Com,

Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Com at the Low Duties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Duncannon reported from the Committee, Victualling to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose °!1 ce-Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred (which Committee was revived upon Monday the 16th of June last) and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Officers and Clerks now or late in His Majesty’s Victualling Office at Portsmouth; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, were severally referred;

That the Committee had proceeded to examine the Matters of the Two last mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report aTranscript of the Evidence, f > for as they had gone, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Com- Lacam’sKcw mittee, to whom the Petition of Benjamin Lacam, foie llarbuur m Proprietor of New Harbour in Bengal, wa3 referred; BenSttl* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he rqad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was . read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B: A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of the Council and Assembly of Antigua, Antigua fre« was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Port*. That the llland of Antigua has been visited for many Years past, by the Hand of Providence, with a most alarming Continuance of dry Seasons,- whereby the Industry of the Sugar Planters has met with few or no Returns, and the Interests of the Merchants in the said Island, and also in Great Britain, have been equally affected; and that the Fire which happened in the Town of Saint John in the Year 1769, and the Hurricane of the Year 1772, occasioned the Destruction of a very considerable Part of the Buildings in the said Island, which were only in a finall Degree repaired when the unhappy Rupture took Place between Great Britain and Ama-ica, and totally deprived the Petitioners of the Means of completing such Repairs; and that the Interruption of Commerce between the West India Islands and the Continent of North America, during the Continuance of o 1 the

23 Geo. III. 8° Julii.

the late War, has in a great Measure contributed to the general Distress, in as much as such a Separation from the great Source of Supplies rendered, from the great Scarcity of Provisions and Necessaries, and the exorbitant Prices consequent thereto, the Purchase of such Provisions and Necessaries almost as ruinous as the Want of them; and that the Inhabitants of the said Island had not repaired the Devastation of the dreadful Fire of 1769, and the Hurricane of 1772, when a second Fire broke out in the said Town of Saint John, in the Month of April 1782, which consumed One-half of the most valuable Buildings and ' Warehouses, with the Stores and Merchandizes therein; and that the Petitioners have borne this Repetition of Misfortune with Fortitude and Perseverance, but at length constrained by their Apprehensions that the said Colony will experience, as it were, a general Bankruptcy, from its Poverty and general Loss of Credit, they have ventured by their Representatives to petition the House to extend the Freedom of Trade to the several Ports of Saint John and Parham, as one of the Means of saving the Colony from Ruin: And therefore praying the House to take their distressed Condition into Consideration, and to pass a Bill for making Saint John and Parham free Ports, with an express Prohibition nevertheless of the Importation of all Sugar, Rum, and Molasses, from any Foreign Country, and under such other Rcitriftious as to the House may l'cem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

littter Return A Bill for the more effectual Return of Juries

of June?, &c. wjj, in the County of and particularly the

Bills of Mortality, and the several Puriihes of Saint Man/ lc Bone, Paddington, Saint and

Luke's at Chelsea, and to settle the Fees to Ire taken by tire Officers belonging to the Sheriffs of the City of London, and the Sheriff of Middlesex, on Bail Bonds, and to regulate the Sale of Goods taken in Execution by the Sheriffs of the said City of Loiulon, and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, w as read aSccond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Leu es, the Lord Mayor of London, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dutie* on The House, according to Older, resolved itself into Muslins, 4c. a (jomrnittce of the whole House, upon the Bill for nltering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Plaiu Mullins, Unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Encouraging The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the Growth a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for Oi Cotlee, Ac. furj|,er encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s lllands and Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Vol. 39.

to report, when the House will please to receive the . lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Civil List Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Debt* His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House American-to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Loyalist* upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Circutnstances of such Persons a6 are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Dissentions in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking St. James, into Consideration the Amendments made by the Westminster, Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, Pav,nE-cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James, and certain Plaees adjoining thereto, within the Liberty of Westminster, and for removing and preventing Nuifences and Annoyances therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 33. Leave out " June " and insert " "

Pr. 3. I.21. Leave out " June " and iufert " July"

Pr. 4. 1. 35. Leave out u Twelve " and insert Twenty-five "

1. 36. Leave out " Two " and insert

" Five "

1. 38. Leave out " Four " and insert

" Five"

Pr. 5. I. 3. Leave out " Members of"

1. 6. Leave out from the first " the " to

" Annual in Prels 6. line 3.

Pr. 6. 1. 4. Leave out " Inhabitants " and insert

" Vestrymen "

1. 7. Leave out from " appointed " to

the End of the Clause in Press 8. line t.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pored, That the said Bill, with die Amendments, be rejected;

8 O Th«

1

694

8° — 9*

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of 1772, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn and also to the Bill, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for better Preservation of the Game " within that Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be rejected.

A. 1783.

Additions were made, and also, an Estimate of the Sums which will be required to complete the same, respectively, and an Estimate of what will complete the whole Buildings at Somerset House, with a Particular of the Purposes for which each Building is intended, and by whom respectively authorized to be undertaken; and also, an Account of the Sums received and paid; with the Dates when received, and when disbursed; and to whom disbursed; and also, an Account of the Sums due on Account of the said Buildings at Midsummer last.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Frauds in the Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the landing, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of Win*. for better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom, and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 7. 1. 8, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

F.aft India Mr. Ehces reported from the Committee of the Company. whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Relief to the United- Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, wa9 committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cicrk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Mult Com- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, in the positions. Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, a Lilt of the Karnes of the Persons who compounded for the Duty on Malt in the Year 1782; distinguishing the several Counties in which they reside, and the Amount of their respective Compositions.

Somerset Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be House. laid before this House in the Beginning of the next

O "

Session of Parliament, a Copy of the Plans formerly laid before this House, of the several Buildings to be parried on at Somerset House, with the Additions since made thereto, and the Authority under which such

Mercurii, 9* die Julii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Cirencester rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of James Whit-shed, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Encourage- Flax and ment of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Cotton Ma-Britain, was read the Third Time. nufactures.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and securing a certain Ro(jney.s Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Annuity. Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuityto Sir Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George G. A. Eliott. Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

Ordered, That General Burgoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, Duties on

made Sma, ts-

23 Geo. III. 90 Ju 95

made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for grartting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a SinkiugFund. certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for grunting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Encouraging Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from ‘k* ('lowl,j* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ortee, c. j-Qr further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and

n O

Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty s Islands and Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from

, Muilms, ke. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Plain - Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Civil List Mr. Ord according to Order, reported from the

Debt. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List, was com’-. Vo l. 39-

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he r£ad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Loyalists. appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Circumstances of such Persons as are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Difientions in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing the Exportation of Exportation Corn, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the of Corn>&c-Operation of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn at the Low Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Frauds in the the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the landing, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Wine, the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Relief to the United East India Company of Merchants of England trading to The Company, East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred' and Eighty-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be.

Importing and Export* ing Corn, &c.

Accounts, Ac. to be printed.

Coro ami Grain.

Ditto.

Deputy Lieutenants.

696 90 — 10

be, An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due and to become due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Ex-M portation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and " Places therein mentioned and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called was committed,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be tuflicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Prices of Corn and Grain, certified to the Collectors of Cul'toms in the Ports of Chichester, Cowes, Portsmouth, Southampton, Poole, Bristol, Lixcr-poule, Chester, Hull, Great Yarmouth, and by the Justicos of Peace from their several Quarter Sessions, between the lit of January 1775 and the 30th of January 1783, inclusive; and also, the Return

of the Quantities of each several Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into, and exported from, the said Ports or Places, during the same Period, with the particular Dates when such Corn, Grain, and Flour were imported or exported (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of March lait) be printed, as shall be futiicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be prepared and laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Corn, Meal, and Grain, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ill of August 1782 to the ill of September 1783, (either from Abroad, or Coastways.

Ordered, That there be prepared and laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Corn, Meal, and Grain, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the lft of August 1782 to the lft of September 1783.

Mr. North presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants, and Militia Officers, which have been tranlinitted to the Secretary of State for the Home Department since those presented to the House of Commons upon the 14th Day of June 1782.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

0 Julii. A. 1783.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Julii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Hett and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Duty on Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings; without any Amendment: And also, nes’ c'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties on Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Wa66ont-Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Commission-Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further ers of Public to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Accounts-Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Importation Act for the more elieftual preventing the illegal Im- «f foreign portation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop [Jinb’ &c‘ to the private Difiillation of British made Spirituous Liquors; and for explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace} to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise aft ing in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Allowing the Act to enable the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s Adjutant Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to ^en-10 fra, lk send and receive Letters and Packets free from the ljetterE‘ Duty of Postage} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Regulating Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Re- Receipt of the ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; without any Amend- Exelie<luer* ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap- £aft India pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Affairs, ndininistration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make

~ a Report

23 Geo. III.

io° Julii.

hi

a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be fuHicient.for the life of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.Bi‘ A printed Copy is with the Original.

Encnuragb’ff

the G row tli

An ingrossed Bill, for the further encouraging the of Coffee Ac Growth of Cdflee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty s o o ct, < islands and Plantations in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s Blands and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Civil List Debts.

T>uties on Muilms, Scc.

American

loyalists.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay olf and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil Lilt.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nunquin Cloths.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Circumstances of such Persons as are reduced to Distress by the late unhappy Dissentions in America, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to tire Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 34. After " Professions " to insert " during " the late unhappy Dissentions in " America."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lolfes and Services of all such Persons who have fulFered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during tire late unhappy Dilfentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

f raods in the landing, Ac. T Wine.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Vo L. .‘39.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " removed " in I. 38 of the same Prels, and to insert " in any Hogshead or other Calk " whatsoever Hiall be " instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 20. To fill the Blank with " forfeited and " loft.*’

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, Nemirie coniradicente, That an humble Address — Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be the Chaplain. graciously pleased to confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Folliot Comewall,

Chaplain to this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address —

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to ^rj"tl"8 give Directions for defraying the Expences attending 1 s' the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His \

Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal to b« End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this printed, present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment and under the Direction of John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Addresses Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the Expences of Sum of Nine hundred Pounds to be advanced to John *>nntin8 Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the feme.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be prefehted to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved\That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Parliamen-order the further Sum of Three thousand Pounds to ^’r^* be advanced towards defraying the Expence of print- c ing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty

8 P shall

698 10° Julii. 1783.

shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fume.

Ordered \That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

AdHrcfs — Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to itnllm cVan- ^'s Majesty, tlnit lie will be graciously pleased to uiiitoek on order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced, E. i. Ailairs. upon Account, to George White, Esquire, Clerk to the Committees of Secrecy appointed in the Years 1781 and 1782, to enquire into the Causes of the War in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British PofiVflions in those Parts, and to report the same to the IJoufe, with their Observations thereupon; and who were inltrufted to enquire into the Rife, Progress, Condu6t, and present Stats of the War, and all other

Hostilities in which the Presidency of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War,

anil of the Effects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, and the other Settlements

and PofieHions of the India Company; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Four hundred Pounds to be issued to the Chairman of the said Committees of Secrecy, to be by him paid in equal Proportions to Mr. Thomas Morton and Mr. William Ramsay, Two of the Clerks of the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committees; and to assure llis Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He wi.l be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. William Evatt, towards further defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Juliice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and

/ 'issa; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to llis Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to he advanced to Mr. Robert William Fdzhugh, one of the Clerks at the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Juliice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. James Cobb, one of the Clerks at the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Juliice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by l’uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Public Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, pursuant

-Accountants. to t|lCjr (in|er,

A Lift of the Public Accountants who have received Public Money by way of Imprest, and upon Account, and who have not yet accounted for the fame, and of those l ei Ions from whom Balances of declared Accounts are full due.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Lift, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloule.

The laid Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that the said Lift might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion w-as made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty,.that it appears that large Sums of Money which have at different Times, and many of them very long fihee, been issued for public Services to Sub-Accountants, amounting in the Whole to above Forty-four Millions, have not yet been accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprest; and that, although many of them may have been otherwise accounted for in the Course of Office, yet others, to a very large Amount, have not been accounted for at all: That it appears to this House to be of the utmost Importance, that all public Accounts should be brought forward with as little 'Delay as possible; and that therefore they do humbly beseech His Majesty, to be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the most effectual Measures should be taken to enquire concerning the Persons to whom the said Sums have been issued, or their legal Reprc-fentatives, and particularly those to whom Money has been issued in the Course of the late expensive War, and to take Measures, in all Cases \yhere there shall appear to be sufficient Ground, to compel them, in due Course of Law, to account for the fame; and that this House will, in due Time, co-operate in such Measures as may, on full Deliberation, appear to be proper, in order to prevent the like Delays for the future.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " it appears" and inlerting the Words " this House having Reason to " believe" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "it appears " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this House having Reason to believe" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " amounting in the " Whole to above Forty-four Millions."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty, that thi9 House having Reason to believe that large Sums of Money which have, at different Times, and many of them very long since, been issued for Public Services to Sub-Accountants, have not yet been accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprest; and that, although many of them may have been otherwise accounted for in the Course of Office, yet others, to a very large Amount, have not been accounted for at all: That it appears to this House to be of the utmost Importance, that all Public Accounts should be brought forward with as little Delay as possible; and that therefore they do humbly beseech His Majesty, to be graciously pleased to give Directions that the most effectual Measures should be taken to enquire concerning the Persons to whom the said Sums have been issued, or their legal Representatives, and particularly those to whom Money has been issued in the Course of the late expensive War, and to

04 take

23 geo. III. 10° %lii.

take Measures, in all Cases where there shall appear to be sufficient Ground, to compel them, in due Course of Law’, to account for the fame: and that this House will, in due Time, co-operate in such Measures as may, on full Delibera'ion, appear to be proper, in order to prevent the like Delays for the future.

Ordered, That the faitl Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Levying Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee who were

Ueguneot in appointed to consider of the State of the Fucts relating Switzerland. levying of the Regiment on the Borders of

Switzerland by Colonel in the Service of the

East India Company, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Facts respecting the levying of the said Regiment, and had directed him to report a State thereof, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j riz.

Your Committee apprehending the most important Point for their Enquiry was, Whether Colonel Ershine's Regiment was to be raised as a Corps belonging , lolcly to the East India Company, or as a Corps to be taken, when raised, into His Majesty’s Service, and to be lent by His Majesty to the said Company, did, on this SubjtCt, hope to obtain satisfactory Information from the Right honourable Lord and for that Purpose directed his Lordship to be w aited on, and reqm fti-d to attend your Committee; but his Lordship exuding himself on account of his Attendance on his Majesty, your Committee had then Rccourse to the Evidence of Leonard Morse, Secretary to his Lordship at the Tune the levying of Colonel Ershine?)Regiment was under the Consideration of the Cabinet; who, attending according to Order, produced a Correspondence between his Lordship and Colonel Ershine, by which it appeared, that before the 12th of January 1781, Colonel Ershine had made Propofuls unto His Majesty, for raising a Corps of SwissChalfeurs, for the general Purposes of the War. — On these Proposals certain Difficulties having aril’cn, they were difcull'ed in His Majesty’s Cabinet, at divers Times, till the 12th of following; the

Result of which was, transferring the Matter to the East India Company, with whom they find, from

Sruling certain Papers produced from the East India oule, as well as from the said Correljtondence, that Colonel Ershine, on the 27th of April, signed the identical Proposals lie had made to Government, according to the Desire of Lord Amherst, the then Commander in Chief.

In Colonel ErLine's Letter to Lord , dated April the 30th, he desired his Lordship hunihly to thank His Majesty for deigning to take him into His Service, to which he should be devoted for the rest of his Life.

And Mr. Morse being examined, said, That he uiuicrstood, at the Time, that the Troops which were to be raised by Colonel Ershine, agreeably to his Proposals, were intended to be lent by Government to the East India Company; that he understood so from Conversdtions that hap|>cned at the Time, and from Arrangements that took place, both before and since, reljncting Troops lent by Government to the East India Company; and he was the more confirmed in this Opinion from his Knowledge of the Footing on which the other German Troops stand, those Mr. Morse informed your Committee were raised at the Expence of the East India Company, but are understood to be in His Majesty s Service, and only lent by His Majesty to the said Company.

Y’oi- Jl).

And in further Confirmation of the Evidence given by the said Leonard Morse, your Committee find, from a Letter entered upon the Proceedings of the Committee of Secrecy of the East Indict Company, 'written by General Calllaud, of Date 7th September 1781; and

also, from the Articles of Agreement, that the German Regiments raised about the same Time, and now lerv-ing in the East Indies, are actually in His Majesty’s Service, and only lent by His Majesty to the East India Company.

And your Committee, from a Minute of the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated April the 4th, 1781, find, that the East India Company made Application to Government for 2,000 Foreign Troops; and from the Evidence of William Decaynes, Esquire, who was examined to this Point, they also find that Government offered to supply the Company either with the Troops proposed to be raised by Colonel Ershine, or with the Troops of German Princes.

They also find, from the Minutes of the said Secret -Committee, That a Note was received by Laurence Sulivan, Esquire, the then Chairman of the

Court of - Directors, requiring him to attend His Majesty’s' Servants at Lord Hillsborough's Office the next Morning, being the 23d of April 1781; and the said Mr. Sulivan being examined, said, That he had attended accordingly, in confluence of that Note, and that he then, for the First Time, heard of the Troops that were proposed by Colonel Ershine; that Colonel Ershine had waited on him by the Defiie of Lord Amherst, about Two Hours after his Return Home; and that he had said to Colonel Ershine, at that First Meeting with him, that as it was not he who had dilculfed the Business with him, he supposed it was Lord Amherst who would sign with Colonel Ershine; that when he received Colonel Letter, lay-

ing, that Lord Amherst, for Reasons that Colonel-Ershine had explained to him (Mr. Sulivan) the Day before, he understood the Meaning thereof to be, that Ibme political Reasons rendered it improper for Lord Amherst to sign the Propofuls — That, upon the Receipt of this Letter, he came out to Colonel and

told him, that though he had no Doubt of his Authority to write that Letter, he could not sign with him until either he or Sir William James, the tiien Deputy Chairman, had seen Lord Amherst; and that Sir William James having seen his Lordship, he (Mr. Sulivan) had signed the Proposals the next Day, being the 27th of April 1781, without any further Discussion.

Your Committee were also desirous of examining Sir William James; but, upon Enquiry, they found he had let out for Portsmouth, and was not to return to London for some time.

And your Committee found that Colonel Erskine left a Copy of the Letter he was authorized to write by Lord Amherst with Mr. Morse, his Lordship’s Secretary; and it does not appear that his Lordship said or wrote any Thing in Contradiction to it, or to diminish it’s intended Effect.

William Frazer, Esquire, being then examined, Your Committee found from his Evidence, that Colonel Erskine bad been furnished with Letters by Lord Stoj'mont, the then Secretary of State, to Sir Robert Murray Keith, His Majesty’s Minister at Vienna, and Mr. Heathcote, His Majesty’s Minister at Bonne, which he carried with him; but that Copies of them were not to be found among the Papers in the Office; and he produced the Copies of a subsequent Letter wrote by Lord so Sir Robert

Murray Keith, and of that Minister’s Answer; From the said last mentioned Letters it appeared, that His Majesty’s Orders were lent to Sir Robert Murray Keith, to aflt Passage for Colonel s Regiment,

when

700 10° Juki-^.1783.

when raised, the same as for any other Troops of His Majesty.

And yonr Committee having examined Lieutenant Curtat, they found from his Evidence that he was induced to accept a Commission in this Regiment by Colonel Erskine's telling him, and other Officers, that though his Agreement was signed with the East India Company, it was to be in the Service of His Majesty, as soon as raised, and he produced a Letter fioin Colonel Erskinehiinself in proof thereof.

Lieutenant Colonel Stopford being then examined, said, That he always understood from Colonel Erskine, during tiic Course of this Business, with which he was acquainted nearly from the Beginning, that the Troops he proposed to raise were to be for the Service of His Majesty; and that he understood, when tlrefe Proposals were accepted, that though the Regiment was to be raised in the Name of the East India Company, it was, when raised, to be in the Service of His Majesty; and he was thereby induced to give a larger Sum for his Commission than he would have done if he had supposed the Regiment was only to be in the Service of the East India Company.

Tire Honourable Captain John Cunningham being tljen examined, said. That he was Captain in His Majesty’s 14th Regiment of Dragoons, when Colonel s

Proposals ter railing a Regiment were accepted; that he quitted that Regiment in order to become eldest Captain in Colonel Erskine's Regiment, not imagining he could thereby be luppoled to have quitted His Majesty’s Service.

Colonel Erskine then produced a Copy of a Paper which had been distributed by him throughout land, and on the Borders thereof, whereby it appeared, that the Officers were allured of their being entitled to Half Pay in case the Regiment should be broke.

And it appearing also material to your Committee, to be informed how far Colonel Erskine had l'ucceeded in tailing the Regiment agreeable to his Proposals, your Committee find that Colonel Erskine agreed to have the Men ready to be tendered for Muster on the 27th Day of August: that his Agreement was signed 27th 1781.

That unforefren Delays, after signing his Agreement, retarded Colonel Erskine's Departure for Germany for a full Month — That those Delays proceeded from the forms Colonel Erskine had to go through at the India House.

That, from the Proceedings of the Secret Committee of Directors, it appears, That Major Tonne was sent by the India Company to muster the said Regiment — That he did not arrive at Shaffhausen till the 16th of August', that Colonel Erskine, then at Studgard, did not receive Intelligence of Major Toone's Arrival till the 23d, and had it not in his Power to join Major Toone till the 30th, but that he had written to Major Toone the 25th August — That he had 850 Men ready for Muster — That Colonel Erskine, on his joining Major Toone on the 30th August, proposed to him immediately to muster the 850 Men — Thai to his inexpressible Surprize, as well as Mortification, Major Toone informed him, that his Orders were positive not to muster a Angle Man after the 27th August.

That these Instiuctions and Orders to Major Toone appeared the more extraordinary to your Committee, as they are informed it is seldom or never customary to keep Officers so strictly to a Day, who are engaged in fuel) Service, and industriously employed in the Pro-feention of it; and yet the Instructions which Major Toone carried with him from the Company, bear, " You are not to muster or receive any Men which shall not " be raised and ready for mustering at on or

" before tiic said 271I1 Day of Augustand in the

Letter which the Company wrote Mr. Erskine, dated 4th August 1781, and which Major Toone carried with him, there is this remarkable Paragraph, " Conformable " to the Contract on our Parts, we have appointed " Captain SwinneyToone, the Bearer of this Letter,

" to examine the Men, and have given him full " Directions thereon, with a Copy of the Contract; we " trust and hope that the whole Battalion will be " complete and ready to be mustered by the 27th of " this Month, agreeable to the Contract, but no Men " can be received after that Time."

And your Committee find from the said Proceedings of the said Secret Committee, dated the 14th September 1781, that Major Toone wrote for further Instructions, to know whether he should accept and muster these Men, which the Secret Committee ordered him not to do; and that on the 17th of September, though they w’ould not accept the Men Colonel Erskine had already raised, they gave an additional Bounty of 40 Shillings per Man for the railing of a Regiment of Hanoverians, whom it was represented to them could not be raised without such additional Bounty.

Colonel Erskine then exhibited authenticated Copies of his Regimental Books, which were seized at Rhineau, his principal Rendezvous; whereby it appeared, that 47.5 Recruits had joined him there, out of and that Lieutenant Alt, and all the Papers belonging to the Regiment, had been seized by the AbbC of Rhineau, Sovereign of that Place, upon various Pretences; and that the said Lieutenant Alt remained in Custody, and the Papers were detained until Colonel Erskine should pay the Sum of 500l.

Lieutenant Curtat being again examined, said, That of these 475 Men that had joined at Rhineau, 216 had been seized by the Cantons of Zurich and Berne, in the Free and Imperial Town of St200 by the Regency of Stockart, belonging to Austria; but it did not appear what became of the rest.

Colonel Erskine produced to your Committee, a Translation of a Treaty or Convention with the Duke of IVirtemberg, certified to be conformable to the Original by Mr. De Moshiem, His Majesty’s Electoral Minister at the Court of that Prince; whereby it appeared, that 650 Men were made over unto Colonel Erskine, and entered into the Pay of the East India Company, on the . 23d of August 1781.

And your Committee found, from the Answers given in Writing by Major Toone, now gone to the East Indies, to certain Queries put to him by Colonel Erskine, that the Duke of IVion the 18th of September, seized and dispersed the Men his Serene Highness had furnished Colonel Erskine with, many of whom Major Toone had seen wandering in the Country. — And it appears, from a Letter in the Proceedings of the Secret Committee, from Captain who was sent

to muster the Hanoverians, that the First Battalion of that Regiment had been negotiating with the Duke of IVirtemberg for the same Troops, but w’ould only pay Five Pounds per Man for them; and from the Treaty between the Duke of IVirtemberg and Colonel Erskine, it appears, that Colonel Erskine paid Ten Guineas per Man.

Colonel Erskine then informed the Committee, That his Papers being seized at Rhineau, he could not give so exa Gta State of his Expences as he wished; but he produced to your Committee certain Accounts and Papers, by which, and the Testimony of different Officers, who were examined, it appears, that he had expended in the Service ,£,6,187. 4- which he had

received from the East India Company; 5,100l. which he had received for the Commissions of different Officers; and 2,700l. of his own; — and that he ltands engaged for the Payment of 500l. for the Liberation

Geo. lit* io6 — i

of Lieutenant Alt; 575 I to Colonel for

Pay advanced to his Officers Abroad; and 751, on Account of Major Muller: And he allured your Committee, that he was considerably in Debt besides, on Account of the Regiment.

Lieutenant Curtat being again examined, said, That it conlifted with his Knowledge, that all such of the Officers of this Corps as were Subjects to the Canton of Berne, and were discovered, were banished their Country, and fined to considerable Amounts, for having entered into the Service of Great Britain — That he himl'clf was banished Six Years, and fined, both upon his own Account, and upon that of Lieutenant Muret, whom he was falsely alledged to have enticed into the Service — That he, the Witness, was, at the Time he entered into His Majesty’s Service, Adjutant of the Militia at Lausanne, and enjoyed Civil Employments, which brought him an Income of considerable Amount.

Captain Muller being then examined said, That his Father, who was Major of Department in the Service of the Canton of Berne, loft his Employment, was banished for Ten Years, and fined 425 Guineas, on Account of his having alfifted Colonel in the

railing of his Corps — That be understood his Father engaged in that llufiness, not only because it was to procure the Witness his Commission, but also because lie w as to receive 1,500l. from Colonel Erskine, if it succeeded — That the State of Berne seized his Father’s Estate for the Payment of the Fine; upon which some Creditors came upon him, and the Estate was fold for One Third less than the Value — That since his Father’s Lois of his Estate and his Employment, neither he nor his Family, consisting of himself, a Wife, and Three Daughters, have any Means of Support — That he himself was lent over by his Family to Colonel Erskine, to take Charge of his Education until he should go to India, the East India Company having, in confi-

deration of the Lofics his Family had sustained in their Service, appointed him a Cadet, instead of confirming his First Commission. — And Captain Muller produced several original Letters, written by Colonel Erskine to his Father, on thcle Matters.

Lieutenant Colonel SlopJ'ordbeing again examined, said, That though he is 1,470/. in Disburse in the Business, he is satisfied that Colonel Erskine has expended it in the Service of the Regiment, and has taken as much Care of his Interest as of his own,

The Honourable Captain Cunningham being again examined, said, He had paid Colonel Erskine 500 /. for his Commission, which, he is satisfied, was expended in the Service of the Regiment; and that he has, at various Times, advanced Colonpl Erskine different Sums of Money, knowing him to be in great Distress; and he is satisfied that the Sum he had received from the East India Company, by Award, is very inadequate to relieve him from the Distress in which he has been involved, in consequence of having raised this Regiment.

And it appears, from the Tcliimony of the Foreign Officers-w ho were examined by your Committee, That Colonel Erskine has discharged his Duty to them, by flip porting them by every Means in his Power. And all the Officers examined concurred in declaring, that Colonel Erskine had behaved to them in the most honourable Manner.

EvanXejH.au, Esquire, produced to your Committee a Memorial, presented to General Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Troops, on the 11th o \ Marchlaft, on Behalf of the Officers of this Corps; and a Letter from General Conway, dated 15th June 17S3, addressed to L-ord North, inclosing the above-mentioned Memorial; which Letter has the following Paragraph:

" Flic East India Company having, as I understand, refuted to make good to Colonel Erskine, Vo l. 3y.

0 Jklii. 701

" and to the Foreign Officers concerned in the Levy " of this Corps, the actual Expences they have incurred; and many of the latter having fullered by " Exile and Prison, in consequence of the Part they " had taken in this Business; I have had reasons to " know, that the utmost Distress has thereby fallen " upon them. How far they are to be considered a3 " under the immediate Protection, or appertaining " properly to the Government here, is not for me to " decide; but their Losses and Sufferings, from their " having forfeited their Fortunes, and, in many Cales,

" their Liberties, by Engagements taken for the National Ufc and Service, seem to render them, in Point " of Humanity, as well as of the Honour of this " Country, highly entitled to Favour and Retribution.

" Whether the Circumstances authorize the putting " them on the Establishment of Half Pay, having formally taken their Engagements with the East India " Company, I cannot say; but, in some Shape, the " Government here seem to me to be strongly called " upon to save them from the absolute Ruin they appear " to be threatened with."

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were Adjoum-not present} the House was told, by Mr. Speaker, and ">ent» For,y Forty Members not being present, and it being then pr*sent*rS after Four of the Clock,

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Jnlii;

Anno 23" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

P K A Y E R S.

AM E S S A G E by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Assent Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several 10 Ribs. Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, w-ent up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De^ fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Prelidcut of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Portland, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afleut to the said Bids; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Prelidcut of the Council, and the Earl of Mansfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare mid notify the Royal A flint to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Pei finis uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty s Letters Patent.

‘8 Q Aa

702 110 Julii. A. 1783.

Rov»i Assent An A£1 for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty

upon Stage Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British made Spirituous Liquors j for explaining such Part of the Act imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

An Act to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty s Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to lend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported within a limited Time.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further Iccuring His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of his Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, "An Act for vesting the " Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to vest " as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all " other the British Forts and Settlements upon the " Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee " and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property,

" Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Setdements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty,

" and for securing, extending, and improving the " Trade to Africa-, and for vesting James Fort, in die River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other t!»e British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants

trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of

public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices ot Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diffolu-tion of Parliament.

An Act for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter ring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a " limited Time, and for discovering their Estates and " Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame," as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respect.he Real Estates.

An Act for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, to raile Money to defray the Expences incurred in repairing the Parish Church.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Shephards Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdoam Hill, in the County of Wilis, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

An Act for confirming, establishitlg, and making effectual, the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of -well, in the County of Oxford.

An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East in<r» the United Company of Merchants of England trading Affair*, to the East Indies, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of an Agreement between Laurence Sulivan, Esquire, and Sir William James, Baronet, on the Behalf of the East India Company, and Mr. for raising Swiss Troops to be lent to the East Indies, dated 28th May 1781: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Leonard Morse,

Esquire, to Mr. Peter Michell, dated 211t September 1781; inclosing Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stopford to Lord Amherst, dated 17th September 1781, with Copy of his Lordship’s Answer thereto, dated 1 pth September 1781: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Captuin Toone, to Mr.

Samuel Wilks, dated the 2d October 1781, at Brussels:

And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Colonel James Francis Erskine to Sweney Toone, Esquire, dated 26th August 1781, at Stutgard: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Captain Tconc to Mr. Wilks, dated 12th October 1781, at Basle And also,

N" G.

3 Geo. III.

11* — 150 Juliit

7°3

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Colonel Erskine, dated 5th April 1782: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated ift August 1782: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 8th August 1782: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Colonel

Erskine, dated 9th August 1782: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to the Right honourable Lord Porch ester, dated the 9 th August 1782: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Charles Mcdous, Esquire, dated the 9th August 1782:

And also*

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable

Hemy SeymourCorruay to Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, dated the 9th August 1782, with a Copy of Sir Henry's Answer thereto, dated the 10th of the same Month: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Charles Medcrws, Esquire, to Mr. Michell, dated 19th August 1782:. And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 19th August 1782: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell, to Laurence Sulitan, Esquire, and Sir William James, Baronet, dated the 22d August 1782: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Laurence Esquire, and Sir William , Baronet, to Mr. Michel, dated the 22d August 1782: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine to the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Townshend, dated the 2d September 1782: inclosing Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine to General Conway, dated the 19th August 1782: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 6th September 1782: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 15th October 1782: And also,

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 16th October 1782: And also,

N® 21. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 17th October 1782: And also,

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Co-onel Erskine, dated 17th October 1782: And also,

N® 23. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 19th October 1782: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine to the Court of Directors, dated 23d October 1782: And also,

N® 25. Copy of a Note from Colonel Erskine to Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, dated 24th October 1782: And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Note from Colonel Erskine to Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Colonel Erskine, dated 23d October 1782: And also,

N* 28. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 24th October 1782: And also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine to the Court of Directors, dated 24th 1782: And

also,

N® 30. Copy of a Letter from Mr. J. V. Schzoarts to the Court of Directors, dated 11th November 1782, at Schaffhouse: And also,

N® 31. Copy of a Letter from Captain Toone to Colonel Erskine: And also,

N* 32. Copy of an Affidavit of Captain Toone,

dated 18th November 1782: And also,

N" 33. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Thomas Bates liuus, Esquire, dated 11th December 1782: And also,

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to Colonel Erskine, dated 12th December 1782: And also,

Vol. 3<k

N* 35. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell to J. V. East India Schwartz, Esquire, dated 19th 1782: And Affair*

also,

N® 36. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Blair,

Esquire, to Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, dated 21st December 1782: And also,

N® 37. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Erskine, dated 2d January 1783: And also,

N® 38. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Richard Holt to Colonel Erskine, dated 7th January 1783: And also,

N® 39. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Charles Thomas Coggan, to Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, transinitting Papers respecting the Difoute between the East India Company and Colonel Erskine, with a List thereof dated 19th February 1783: And also,

N® 40. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Coggan to Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, dated 27th February 1783,-trans-mitting Papers respecting the Dil'pute between the East India Company and Colonel Erskine, with a List thereof: Ancf also,

N° 41. Extract of a Note from Colonel Erskine, read in the Court of Directors the 20th June 1783:

And also,

N® 42. Copy of Observations on the Matters in Dispute between Colonel Erskine and the East India Company, on Behalf of the Company: And also,

N* 43. Copy of the State of Transactions between the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company and James Francis Erskine, Esquire, relative to the raffing a Regiment of Swiss Troops: And also,

N® 44. Copy of References to Proceedings relative to Swiss Troops: And also,

N® 45 Copies of Minutes of the Court of Directors* and Reports of the Committee of Shipping and Law Suits relative to Colonel Erskine.

Together with a List of the said Papers,

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock,

Martis, 15* die Julii;

Anno 23® Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

Prate rs.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford E\. and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An American Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Loyalist*. Losses and, Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; without any Amendment!

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Flax and Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manu- Cotton Ma-factures of Flax and Cotton in Great without nufa<a"rt*’

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fraud* in the Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and landing, &c, removing of Wipe in this Kingdom; and to prevent of " l"e*

the

Exportation ot* Corn, &c.

Encouraging the Growth of Coffee, &c.

Civil List Debt.

Duties on Smalts.

East India Company.

Duties on Mullins, &c.

Renfrew

Writ.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

704 156

the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s Islands and Plantations in America; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to rail'e a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pav off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil Lilt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in- the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called,

which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East by

allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public; and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Renfrew, in the room of John Shaw Stewart, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff of his Majesty *s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Deslforough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham. t

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal

Julii. . 1783*

Assent to the several public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Portland, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of,

the Earl of Mansfield, and the Lord;

named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public; and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures or Drawbacks on East India Goods.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Grow th of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

An Act for altering the Duties and Draw backs upon Plain Mullins, Unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have l'uffered in their Rights, Properlies, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wine in this Kingdom; and to prevent the re-landing of refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Draw back or Bounty.

An Act for preventing the Exportation of Com,

Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn.

An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty’s Islands and Plantations in America.

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Answerio Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would be Atldreiles. graciously plealed to confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Fol/iot Chaplain to

to this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Folliot Cornewall, as is deli red.

The Earl Ludlow also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Thursday lait (that His Majesty would be graciously plealed' to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Nine

hundred

23 Geo. III. *5 6 Juki.

hundred Pounds to he advanced tb John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this prefect Session, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been or shall be incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Re|>om of this House; and alto, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Earl Ludlow also reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would be graciously plcal'cd to order the further Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good foe lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Earl Ludlow also reported to foe House, That their Addresses of Thursday lait (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order foe Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced, upon Account, to George While, Esquire, Clerk to the Committees of

Secrecy, appointed in the Years 1781 and 1782, to inquire into the Causes of the War in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be issued to the Chairman of foe said Committees of Secrecy, to be by him paid, in equal Proportions, to Mr. Thomas Morton and Mr.

Ramsay, Two of the Clerks at the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending foe said Committees; and also, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. William Evatt, towards further defraying the Expences incurred by him in Bufinest done under the Direction of the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and also, the several Sums of Two hundred Pounds, and One hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be advanced to Mr. Robert William Fitzhugh and Mr. James Cobb, Two of the Clerks at the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending foe said Select Committee j and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The £arl Ludlonv likewise reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last (representing to His Majesty, that this House, having Real'on to believe that large Sums of Money which have, at different Times, and many of them very long since, been ifl’ued for Public Services to Sub-Accountants, have not yet been accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprest, and that although many of them may have been otherwise accounted for in the Course of Office, yet others, to a very large Amount, have not been accounted for at all: That it appears to this House to be of the utmost Importance, that all Public Accounts should be brought forward with as little Delay as possible; and therefore bcfocching His Majesty, to give Directions that the uioft effectual Measures should be taken to inquire concerning the Persons to whom the said Sums have been issued, or their legal Representatives, and particularly those to w hom Money has been issued in the Course of the late expeutive War; and to take Measures, in all Cases wh.erc there shall appear to be sufficient Ground, to

Vo 1.. oik

compel them, in due Course of Law, to account for the lame; and that this House, will, in due Time, co-operate in lbch Measures as may, on full Deliberation, appear to be proper, in order to prevent the like Delays for the future) had been presented to his Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Message ljom the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money punnjl's out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ld. Rodney'* for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George AnnuuJ'-Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in Confederation of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Annuity to for settling and securing a certain Annuity for foe Use G- A-of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus l0tt*

Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, to entreat that His Majesty will be gra- Col. Erflcme, ciously pleased to take into His Royal Consideration &c* the same of Colonel Erskine, and the Foreign Officers, and such ^British Officers as have purchased their Cora-

missions in a Regiment which was raised by Colonel Erskine on the Borders of Switzerland during the last War; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to order them such Relief as to His Majesty, in His great Goodnels and Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Sir WatkinLewes reported from the Committee, to Better Return

whom the Bill for the more effectual Return of Juries, of Juries, &c. within the County of Middlesex', and particularly the Bills of Mortality, and the several Parishes of Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke's, at Chelsea, and to settle the Fees to be taken by the Officers belonging to the Sheriffs of the City of London, and foe Sheriff of Middlesex', on Bail Bonds, and to regulate the Sale of Goods taken in Execution by the Sheriffs of foe said City of London, and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex', was committed; That the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lrle of foe Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of foe Clock.

SR

Fees, &c. of Public Offices.

Diito.

Anlwtr to Add refits.

16° JutiL 1783*

Mercurii, 16° die Julii Anno 23* Georgii III*U Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

/~\ RDERED, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House early in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities taken by any and every Person or Persons serving in the Department of each of the several Custom Houses in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, namely, the Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities taken upon each Cocket, Bond, Sufferance, Survey, Warrant, Cleamnce, and on every other Document for official Service done to any Merchant, Trader, or Ship Master, at the shipping or landing of Goods, specifying the Items of Fees taken, and for what, both at the Entry Inwards, and Clearing Outwards, of each Sort, Class or Kind of Merchandize; and also, the Items of Fees charged at the Entry Inwards and Clearing Outwards of all Ships and Vessels at)drafted from their Cargoes, -at each of the several Custom Houses, Creeks, or Havens, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as like wife, an Account of the Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities, with their several Items, taken in the Year 1730, at the* several Custom Houses in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The House being informed that Mr. Gazeley, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Vol. 1. a Book containing an Account of all Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by the several Officers of the Customs in the Port of London, not being Patentees, with the Salaries paid to the fame, so as to shew the Total Gross Produce of the Employment; together with their respective Payments for Taxes, and other Charges, and for Deputies and Clerks, so as to shew the Total Net Value of the Employments Annually, on an Average of the Years 1772, 1773, and 1774: And also,

Vol. 2. a Book containing Returns from the Officers of the Customs in the Port of , not being Patentees, of the Fees and Perquisites acknowledged to have been received by them, on an Average of the Years 1772,

1773, and 1774, the Amount whereof is comprised in Vol. 1.: And also,

A Book containing Accounts of the Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites, received and taken by any Person or Persons in the Custom House, as they stood at -

mas 1782: And alto,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the incident Accounts " paid out of the Revenue of the Customs, by Order " of the Commissioners, froth Christmas 1776 to mas 1782 And allb,

A Book containing a List of the Commissioners and Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in England and H ales, with their respective established Salaries, as they stood at Michaelmas 1782.

Together with a Schedule of the said Books and Paper.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Paper do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Books and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to entreat His Majesty to take

into His Royal Consideration the same of Colonel

Erskine, and the Foreign Officers* and such British Officers as have purchased their Commissions in a Regiment which was raised by Colonel Erskine on the Borders of Switzerland during the last War; and that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to order them such Relief as to His Majesty in His great Goodness and Wisdom shall seem meet) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pteased to say, that He will take the same into His Royal Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir William Gordon, Knight of the Moll Honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted of a Pension from the Crown during Pleasure.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be- East India fore this House, Copies of the several Papers relating Affairs, to Alunny Begum; and also, of the Papers relating to

the Ranny of Burdwan; and also, of the Papers relating to Nundcomar'e, Charges against the Governor General; and also, of the Papers relating to the Ranny of Amboa; and also, of the Papers relating to the Dif-

mission of KMnJehan Kftdn , Phouzdar of Hughley.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be- Ditto, fore this House, Copies of the Proceedings relative to Mr. Middleton’s Refufat to deliver up his Correspondence; and also, Copies of the Proceedings relative to the Recall of MefTieurs Middleton and Johnson from Oude, and to the Appointment of Mr. Bristow, as Resident at the Vizier’s Court; and also, Translation of & Letter from the Vizier to the Resident, dated in December 1779; and also, Copy of a Letter from Canton to the Court of Directors, dated 28th December 1782; and also, Extracts from Bengal public Consultations of 1782, as to the Disturbances in the Vizier’s Country; and also, Extract of Bengal Secret Persian Correspondence for 1779; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to the Court of Directors, dated 29th November 1780; and also, Extract from Bengal Secret Consultations of 9th January 1781; and also, an Account of Bonds granted to the Governor General, from lft January 1779 to 31st May 1782; and also, Extract from Bengal Secret Persian Correspondence for 1780; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to the Secret Committee, dated 22d May 1782; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to the Secret Committee, dated 16th December 1782, with its Inclosures; and also, Extract of the General Letter to Bengal, dated 25th January 1782; and also, Copy of the Minutes from the Governor General, dated the 8th and 15th of November 1782; and also, Copy of the Proceedings against Persons in India, for Malversation in Office; and also, Copy of the General Letter from Bengal, dated 7th December 1782, and Extract of the Consultation of 28th of October 1782; and also, Copies of the several Papers respecting Mr. Auriol's Agency.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be- Qilt(>-fore this House, Copies of all Papers relative to tl*e Revenues of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and respecting those of the Nabob of Oude, received by the Lively Packet.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis - Royal AQ>nt neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House lo attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly

The King'* Speech.

23 Geo. III. 16° yuliu — 90 Sep — 16° 707

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

And afterwards the Earl of Mansfield, by His Parliament Majesty’s Command, said, prorgued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

tt is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the yth Day of September next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 9th Day of September next.

Martis, 9° die Septembris;

Anno 23® Georgii IIItu Regis, 1783.

Praters.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further pro-Country; rogue

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The advanced Season of the Year requires some Remission front your long and laborious Attention to the Public Service. The Exigencies of that Service may oblige Me to call you together again at an early Period; and 1 persuade Myself, from My uniform Experience of your Affection to Me, and your Zeal for the Public Good, that you will chearfully submit to a temporary Inconvenience, for the permanent Advantage of your Country.

The Consideration of the Affairs of the East Indies will require to be resumed as early as possible; and to be pursued with a serious and unremitting Attention.

I expected to have had the Satisfaction of acquainting you, before the End of the Session, that the Terms of Pacification were definitively settled: But the complicated State of the Business in Difeuflion has unavoidably protracted the Negociation. I have, however, every Reason to believe, from the Dispositions shewn by the several Powers concerned, that they are perfectly well inclined to such a Conclusion as may secure the Blessings of Peace, so much and so equally to be desired by all Parties.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the Supplies you have so liberally granted for the Public Service; for facilitating My Arrangements towards a separate Establishment for the Prince of Wales; and for enabling Me, without any new Burthen on My People, to discharge the Debt which remained on My Civii Lift.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I earnestly recommend to you an Attention towards promoting among My People, in your several Countries, that Spirit of Order, Regularity, and Industry, which is the true Source of Revenue and Power in this Nation; and without which, all Regulations for the Improvement of the one, or the Increase of the other, will have no Effect

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until' Thursday the 16th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday he 16th Day of October next

Jovis, 16° die Octobris;

Anno 23* Georgii III. Regis, 1783.

Praters.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; anid Mr. Speaker being in the further pro-Country; rogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to ,the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 1 ith Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 1 ith Day of November next.

Vol. 3‘J.

Message to attend the King.

Writs issued in Recess.

A Member takes Oaths/

Clandcstine

Outlawries.

7°9

JOURNALS

OF THfe

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martin, 11* die Novembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

AM E S S A G E from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentlemen Usher of the Clack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, paded in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable tire Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the room of such Members as shall die during " the Recefe of Parliament," he had ifl'ued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of ,in the County of Southampton, in the room of Stanhope, Esquire.

A Member present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made lor those Purposes.

A Dill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Dill be read a Second Time.

Vo l. 39.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended The King’s His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty re" was pleated to make a most Gracious Speech from the porle Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have the Satisfaction to inform you that Definitive Treaties of Peace have been concluded with the Courts of France and Spain, and with the United States of America. Preliminary Articles have been also ratified with the States General of the United Provinces. I have ordered these several Treaties to be laid before you; and I am happy to add, that I have no Cause to doubt but that all those Powers agree with Me in My sincefe Inclination to keep the Calamities of War at a great Distance.

The Objects which are to be brought under your Deliberation, will sufficiently explain My Realbns for calling you together after so short a Recess. Enquiries of the utmost Importance have been long and diligently pursued, and the Fruit of them will be expected. The Situation of the East India Company will require the utmost Exertions of your Wisdom to maintain and improve the valuable Advantages derived from Our Indian Possessions, and to promote and secure the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants of those Provinces.

The Season of Peace will call upon you for an Attention to every Thing which can recruit the Strength of the Nation, after so long and so expensive a War.

The Security and increase of the Revenue, in the Manner least burthensome to My Subjects, will be amongst your First Objects. In many essential Parts it has fullered: Dangerous Frauds have prevailed) and alarming Outrages have been committed. Exertions have not been wanting to repress this daring Spirit, nor Pains to enquire into its true Causes. In any Instances in which the Powers of Government may not be equal to its utmost Care and Vigilance, I have no Doubt that the Wisdom of My Parliament will provide such Remedies as may be found wauting for the Accomplishment of Purposes, in which the material Interests of this Nation are so deeply concerned.

8 S Gentlemen

Members take Oaths.

Address on the King*s Speech.

7 to

ii® Novembris.

A. 1783.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates of the Expences for the Year to be laid before you. From those you will perceive the Reduction which 1 have made in all the Establishments, which appear to Me to be brought as low as Prudence will admit; and you will participate with Me in the Satisfaction which I feel in this Step towards the Refief 4f My Subjects. At the End of a W&rfome Part of fts height mim inevitably He borne frira Time. I fed for the Burthen's of My People: But I rely on that Fortitude which has hitherto supported this Nation under many Difficulties, for their bearing those, which the present Exigencies require, and which are so necessary for the full Support of the National Credit.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In many Respects our Situation is new. Your Counsels will provide what is called for by that Situation; and your Wisdom will give Permanence to whatever has been found beneficial by The ’Experience of Aflft. In your Deliberating you will prderve that Tdnpfer and Moderation wffich the Ifiipbrtance of their Objects demands, and will, I have no Doubt, produce; and I am sure that you are unanimous in your Desire to direct all those Deliberations to the Honour of My Crown, the Safety of My Dominions, and the Prosperity of My People.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken arid subscribed the Oath of Abjutation, according to the Laws made for thdfe Purposes; arid finch of the said Members as are by LaW required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House tin Account of their Qualification, and to take arid subscribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in IbCh Account, and taken and subscribed the said Oath accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

To allure His Majesty, that, affectionately and duti-fiilly interested in whatever concerns His Majesty’s Domestic Happiness, we sincerely offer our Congratulations on the Birth of another Princess, and unfeignedly rejoice at the happy Recovery of the Queen.

That we are gratefully sensible of the paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, which has induced His Majesty to conclude Definitive Treaties of Peace with the Courts of France and Spain, and the United States of America, and to ratify Preliminary Articles with the States General of the United,

To present our most humble Thanks to His Majesty, for having graciously ordered those several Treaties to be laid before us.

To express our great Satisfaction in learning that there is no Cause to doubt but that all those Powers agree with His Majesty in His sincere Inclination to keep the Calamities 6f War at a great Distance.

To declare that we entertain a just Sense of the Importance of the Objects which demand oar Attention; and that we acknowledge, with Thanks, the anxious Solicitude for the Public Good, which has induced His Majesty to give us, thus early, an Opportunity of taking them into Consideration.

That we are sensible that the Fruits of those Enquiries which we have so long pursued are now justly expected; and that the Situation of the East India Company claims our utmost Exertions to provide, in the most effectual Manner, for the Maintenance and Improvement of the valuable Advantages derived from our Indian Possessions, and to promote and secure the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants in those Provinces.

03

That the Scalbn of Peace will call for our Attention to every Tiring which can recruit the Strength of the Nation, after so long and lb expensive a War.

That we gratefully acknowledge His Majesty’s paternal Goodnels in recommending such Means of increasing and securing the Public Revenue as may be lealt burthensome -To His Subjects; that the Frauds which fiive prevailed in h"iany of Its most essential Parts, as w$l %s the Outrages which have been committed, are tfrtily Alarming'; a riel that wc 'have the fullest Confidence that no Exertions have been wanting to reprels this daring Spirit, nor Pains to enquire into its true Causes.

To assure His Majesty, that, in those Instances in which the Powers of Government may not be found Oqual to its utmost Care and Vigilance, we shall ule our utmost Endeavours to provide such Remedies as may apply to this Evil, and such Means as may be found wanting to the Accomplishment of Purposes in which our material Interests are so deeply concerned.

That His faithful Cdmftions will chearfblly grant such Supplies. As ofay be found neceflkry 'for the Service of the YdaV, acknowledging, with the utmost Gratitude,

His Majesty’s immediate Attention to the Relief of His Subjects, in the Reduction of all the Establishments to as low a State as His Majesty, in His Royal Wisdom, has thought Prudence would admit; that we take a sincere Part in the Satisfaction which His Majesty feels in this Step towards the Relief of His Subjects.

That we have no Doubt that His People will justify His Majesty’s Gracious Reliance on the Fortitude of this Nation, by willingly bearing those Burthens which are the inevitable Consequences of the War, which the present Exigencies require, and which are so necessary for the full Support of the National Credit.

That We feel that our Situation is in many Respects new; and that we shall use our utmost Diligence to provide what is called for by that Situation, at the same Time giving, to the Extent of our Power, Permanence to whatever has been found beneficial by The Experience of Ages.

That we are sensible the Objects of our Deliberations fully Demahd that Temper arid Moderation winch His Majesty so graciously recommends; and that we intreat His Majesty to accept our most humble Thanks for the Confidence w'hich he has been pleased to express in our unanimous Desire to direct all those Deliberations to the Honour of His Crown, the Safety of His Dominions, and the Prosperity of His People; and that we will use our best and utmost Endeavours to denionstrate, by our Conduct, that a Confidence so honourable to us has been well founded.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Addrds, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl of Upper Ossory, Sir Francis Basset, Mr. Secretary Fox,

Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Burke, Admiral Pigot, Mr. Charles shend, General Conway, Mr. Eden, Mr. Mr.

Ord, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Sheridan; or any Five of them:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to y0,k city the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the room of Sir Charles Turner, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered,

Surrey Writ.

Malt Com-politions.

Accounts reflecting —

Com anti tirain.

Whale

Fuhery.

Malt Corn-plunders.

24 Geo. III. i i° — 12° 711

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of the Right honourable George John Spencer, commonly called Lord Viscount Althorpe, now Earl Spencer, called up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Comfit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Mercurii, 12° die Novembris; Anno 24* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Marriott, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 8th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

A Lift of the Names of the Persons who compounded for the Duty on Malt in the Year 1782; distinguishing the several Counties in which they relidc, and the Amount of their respective Compositions.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotla/ul, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 9th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, and Grain, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the lft of August 1782 to the lft of September 1783, either from Abroad or Coastwise.

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery 10 Davis's Streights and 7 he Greenland Seas, with their respective

Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were dil’charged; and also, what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the loth of October 1782 to the 10th of October 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 8th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

A Lilt of the Names of Malt Compounders, with the Amount of their Compositions, and the several Counties in which they reside, for the Year ended Midsummer 1782.

Vol. 39.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee of pointed. Privileges.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Frederick Montagu, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary Fox, the Lord North, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Dempster, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Ro/le, Mr. Moysey, Mr.

Hartley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townshend, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Arden, Sir George Yonge, the Earl of Upper Ossory, Sir Francis Basset, Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Brett, Mr. Eliot,

Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Baker, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Sheridan, Mr. Burke, Mr. Long, Mr. Beau/oy, Mr*

Adam, Mr. Eden, Mr. Strahan, Sir James Cockburne,

Mr. Rumbold, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sfr

William Cunynghame, Lord Robert Spencer, Mr. John;

and all the Gentlemeu of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all w ho come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Usual Orders. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this Hoyfe shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious,

tire

7ia

12° Novembris. . A. 1783.

IRn) Onkre. the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Peri'oo petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or direfitly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved,. That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Peti-

tioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the feme against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the feme Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westmin do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon,

during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do^ give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of ^Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster;and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to dil'obey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the feme to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the feme.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof;’ and that no Person

but

24 Geo. III. 12° Novembris. 713

but such as lie shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

Borrows- A Petition of the Most Noble Douglass Hamilton,

tounness Duke of Hamilton und and the Right ho-

Mavigation. nourable James Earl of and die humble

Petition of the Honourable Charles Hope of

Craigiehall,l'.lquiie, Sir Robert of Bums,

Baronet, /Fill tain Maxof Curidden, Esquire, Doctor , John Roebuck, James Addison, and Charles Addison, Merchants, iu Borrowstounness, John Barrel, Gentleman,' John Conan, Merchant, in mss, and Andrexv Cowan, Merchant, in Kirkaldy, James Dalgleish, Merchant, in James

Drummond, and James Grind lay, Shipmalters, in Bor-rmestounness, Robert Hart, Merchant, in -

stnunness, John Short, Surgeon, in Botrowstounness, James Tod, Merchant, in and John

Bain, Vintner, in Borrtru'slounness, being the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstounness Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting firth, That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut,

" " p 9

" or Canal, from die Firth of Forth, at or near the " Mouth of the River of Catron, in the County of " Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near " a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County " of Dumbarton; and allb a Collateral Cut from " the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making " a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication,

" from the Port and Harbour of Borroustounness, to " join the said Canal at or near the Place where it " will full into the Firth of Forth," it was enacted, that the Petitioners, and certain other Persons therein named, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should be united into a Company, for the better carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions expressed in the said Act, and (liould for that Purpose be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the " Borrowstounness Canal Navigation and that the £iid Company of Proprietors might be further enabled to carry on lb useful an Undertaking, it was enacted, that it (liould be lawful for them to raise and contribute among themselves a Sum not exceeding 5,000l. Sterling, with a Provilb, that, in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, it should be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in like Manner to raise amongst themselves a further Sum, not exceeding 3,000l. Sterling; and that, since the puffing of the said Act, considerable Progress has been made in making the said Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Borroustounness Canal Navigation, and others who are desirous of being admitted as Proprietors, have subscribed for the first-mentioned Sum of 5,000 /., and the Second-mentioned Suin of 3,000 /., for the Purpose of making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, and other Works authorized by the the said Act to be made; but the feme cannot be completed, unless the Petitioners, and the other Persons who are desirous to become Proprietors in the said Company, be permitted to raise and contribute, by themselves, or by Subscription, a further and additional Sum of Money for carrying the useful and necelliiry Purposes in the said Act mentioned into full and complete Execution; and that, unless Power is granted to the Petitioners to raise l'uch additional Sum, the Money they have already expended, and the Work which is now done, will be loft to the Petitioners, and ulclcfs to the Public, and the bene-Vol. 39.

ficial Purposes intended by the before-mentioned Act totally defeated' And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in u Bill for the Purpose of railing such an additional Sum of Money as shall appear necessary for making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, and other Works by the above-mentioned Act authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relative thereto, under the same Powers,

Regulations, Rules, Orders, Directions, and Authorities, as in the aforesaid Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are mentioned and contained.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Cunynghame, Mr.

Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Christian Splitgand Sebastian Splitgerber*, Fridag, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, &c. Nat.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hartley and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, shillingford passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Road.

Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through JVal~ lingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in order to amend the said Road, and for the Purpose of purchasing the Ferry at Shillingford aforesaid, and building a Bridge there, several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road and Bridge be sufficiently kept in Repair and supported, unless the said Act be continued, with feme additional Powers; And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. Neville,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Earl of Upper Ossory reported from the Com- Address on mittee, appointed Yesterday, to draw up an Address the King’* to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee Sp c,« had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your Majesty’s most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

Affectionately and dutifully interested in whatever 8 T concerns

714 i a* Novembrii. 1783*

concerns Your Majesty's domestic Happiness, we beg Leave to offer our most sincere Congratulations on the Birth of another Princess, and to express our unfeigned Joy at the happy Recovery of the Queen.

We are gratefully sensible of the paternal Regard for the Welfare of Your People, which has induced Your Majesty to conclude Definitive Treaties of Peace with the Courts of France and , and the United States of America, and to ratify Preliminary Articles with the States General of the United Provinces; and we beg Your Majesty to accept our most humble Thanks for having graciously ordered those several Treaties to be laid before us. We have great Satisfaction in learning that Your Majesty has no Cause to doubt but that all those Powers agree in (incere Inclination with Your Majesty to keep the Calamities of War at a great Distance.

We entertain a just Sense of the Importance of the Obje6b which demand our Attention; and we acknowledge, with Thanks, the anxious Solicitude for the Public Good, which has induced Your Majesty to give us, thus early, an Opportunity of taking them into Consideration. Your faithful Commons are sensible that the Fruits of those Enquiries which they have so long pursued are now justly expected, and that the Situation of the East India Company claims our utmost Exertions to provide, in the most effectual Manner, for the Maintenance and Improvement of the valuable Advantages derived from our Indian Possessions, and to promote and secure the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants in those Provinces.

The Season of Peace will call for our Attention to every Thing which can recruit the Strength of the Nation, after so long and so expensive a War.

We acknowledge Your Majesty’s Paternal Goodness in recommending such Means of increasing and securing the Public Revenue, as may be least bur-thenibme to Your Subjects. The Frauds which have prevailed in many of its most essential Parts, as well as the Outrages which have been committed, are truly alarming; and we have the fullest Confidence, that no Exertions have been wanting to reprefe this daring Spirit, nor Pains to enquire into its true causea. In those Instances in which the Powers of Government may not be found equal to its utmost Care and Vigilance, we shall use our utmost Endeavours to provide such Remedies as may apply to this Evil, and such Means as may be found wanting to the Accomplishment of Purposes in which our material Interests are lb deeply concerned.

We beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that Your Faithful Commons will chearfully grant Your Majesty such Supplies as may be found necessary for the Service of the Year; acknowledging, with the utmost Gratitude, Your Majesty’s immediate Attention to the Relief of Your Subjects, in the Reduction of all the EstablHh-ments to as low a State as Your Majesty, in Your Royal Wisdom, thought Prudence would admit. We take a sincere Part in the Satisfaction which Your Majesty feels in this Step towards the Relief of Your Subjects; and we have no Doubt, that Your People will justify Your Majesty’s Gracious Reliance on the Fortitude of this Nation, by willingly bearing those Burthens, which are the inevitable Consequences of the War, which the present Exigencies require, and which are so necessary for the full Support of the National Credit

We feel that our Situation is, in many Respects, new; and we beg Your Majesty to be assured, that we shall use our utmost Diligence to provide what is called for by that Situation; at the same Time, to the Extent of our Power, giving Permanence to whatever has been found beneficial by the Experience of Ages.

The Objects of our Deliberations fully demand that Temper and Moderation which Your Majesty so gra-cioully recommends; and we entreat Your Majesty to accept our most humble Thanks for the Confidence Your Majesty has been pleased to express in our unanimous Delire to direct all those Deliberations to the Honour of Your Majesty’s Crown, the Safety of Your Dominions, and the Prolperity of Your People: And we assure Your Majesty, that we will use our belt and utmost Endeavours to demonttratd by our Conduct, that a Confidence so honourable to us has been well founded.%

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, NemineContradicente,. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be pre-feoted toTIis Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleafore, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Message be sent to the Queen, with the sincere and hearty Congratulations of this House on the joyful Event of the Birth of another Princess, and on Her Majesty’s happy Recovery; and to assure Her Majesty of the zealous and dutiful Attachment of this House.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Colonel Stanhope, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. North, Mr. Fitzwilliam, Mr. Johnand the Lord Viscount Duncannon, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 20th Day of December in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, relative to the Appointment of a Committee to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of December in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order for adding the Lord Viscount Maitland and Mr. St. Andrew St. John to the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Ordered, That Richard. Smith, Esquire, Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esquire, Robert Gregory, Esquire, Thomas Farrer, Esquire, the Right Honourable Edmund Burke, Dudley Long, Esquire, the Honourable John Townshend, John Ehves, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Lewisham, the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, William Pulteney, Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Sir William James, Baronet, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Fairford, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Midlelon, Sir Charlton Leighton, Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Pelham, the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Maitland, and the Honourable St.

St. John, be the Committee now appointed.

04 Ordered,

The Kings Speech to be cotifuiered.

The Queen

congratulated on the Birth of a Princess.

AdministrationofJuU.ee,

Address —

Sir fc. Impt’y.

The King appoints to be St tended,

Supply.

Answer to Address.

24 GeO. III. 12* — 13d — 14* 71 £

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Charnl>er.

Ordered, That the said Committee have the same Powers, and do aft under the like Instructions, as were given to the Committee appointed in the last Sessioti of Parliament, to take into Consideration the State of tire Administration of Justice in the Provinces of lieiigal, B ihar, and Orissa.

Ordered, That the l’everal Petitions, Books, Papers* and Accounts, which were reterred to the said Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, together with the Reports made from the said Committee, be reterred to the Committee row appointed.

Resolved, That an hutuble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders that have been lent to the Indies,

or to the East India Company, relating to the Recall of Sir ElijahImpey, Cmet Justice of the Supreme

Court of Judicature in Calcutta.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 13* dieNovembris Anno 240 Georgii III'1* Regis, 1783.

Praters.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty‘s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolxed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die ‘Novembris Anno 24* Georgii III'* Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Vol. 39.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very dutiful and affectionate Address, and for the ffelh Mark you give of your Ate tachment to Me and My Family, in your Congratulations On the happy Recovery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Priocels.

1 receive, with the utmost Satisfaction, your Assurance9 of promoting such Measures as may tend to the Support of the National Credit, and to the Welfare of My People; and I consider the Unanimity with which they are offered as a happy Earneit of the Success of your Endeavours.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Com- Borrow*,

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble tounes* Douglass Hamilton, Duke of Hamilton and , NavlUat'on*

and the Right honourable James Earl of Hopetmm, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Charles Hope flier, of Craigiehall, Esquire, Sir Robert Daly ell, of Bums., Baronet, IVdliam Maxwell, of Caridden, Esquire,

Doctor John Roebuck, James Addison, and Charles dison, Merchants, in Borrowstounness, John Gentleman, John Cowan, Merchant, in ness, and Andrew Cowan, Merchant, in,

James Dalgleish, Merchant, in Borrowstounness, James Drummond, and James. Griiullay, Shipmasters, in Boi'-rmvstounness, Robert Hart, Merchant, in Borrowstounness, John Short, Surgeon, in Borrowstounness, JameS Tod, Merchant, in Borrowstounness, and John Bain,

Vintner, in Borrmcstounness, being the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstounness Canal Navigation, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the said Petition is not within the Stands ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relating to Navigation Bills; it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition*

An Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from " the Firth or River of the Forth, at or near the " Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of M Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near " a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of " Dumbarton; and also, a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a " navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from " the Port and Harbour of Borrowsloutmess, to join the " laid Canal, at or near the Place where it will fell " into the Firth of Forth," was read, whereby certain Powers were given for making the said Canal; and by the said Act it was Enacted, that certain Persons therein named were united into a Company* for the better carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining, the said navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, according to the Rules, Orders, add Directions mentioned in the said Act; and the said Company were impowered to raise and Contribute among themselves a Sum not exceeding 5,000l. with a Proviso, that in case the said Sum should be iii-sufficient for that Purpose, then the said Company might, in like Manner, raise among themselves a further Sum of 3,000 /.

Mr. Robert Brown being examined, said, That considerable Progress has been made in making the said navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication; and the said Company and others, who are desirous of

being

Adjourn*

ment.

Corn, Sic, imported.

Fail India Adairs.

716 140 Novembris. 1783.

being admitting Proprietors, have subscribed the said First-mentioned Sum of 5,000l. and the Second-mentioned Sum of 3,000l. for the Purposes of making, completing, and maintaining, the said navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, and other Works authorized by the said Act to be made; but the same cannot be completed or finithed, unless the said Company be permitted to raile among theml'elves, or by Subscription, a further Sum of Money for carrying the useful and hecelfary Purposes of the said Act into full and complete Execution — And the Witness added, that unless such Power is given to raile such additional Sum, the Money they have already expended, and the Work which i‘ now done, will be loft to the Proprietors, and useless to the Public.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the -

stounness Navigable Cut or Canal more effectually to complete and maintain the fame: And that Sir William Cunynghame, and Sir Thomas Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 9th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Meal, and Grain, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the tit of August, 1782, to the lftof September,

1783-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the I tith Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

N° 1. Papers relative to Munny Begum: And also, N° 2. Papers relative to the Ranny of Burdwan: And also,

N° 3. Nundcomar'sCharges against the Governor

General: And also,

N° 4. Papers relative to the Ranny of Amboa: And also,

N° 5. Papers relative to the Dismission of the Phouzdar of Iloughly: And also,

N° 6. Pupers relative to Mr. Middleton's Refusal to deliver up his Corref|>ondence: And also,

N° 7. Proceedings relative to the Recall of Melfieurs Middleton and Johnson from Oude in 1782, and to the Appointment of Mr. Bristow, to be Resident at the Vizier's Court: And also,

N° 8. Translation of a Letter from the Vizier to the Kelident at his Court, dated in December, 1779: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Supra Cargoes at Canton to the Court of Directors, dated the 28th December, 1782: And also,

N° 10. Extracts from Bengal Secret Consultations of 1782, received per Lively, relative to Disturbances in the Vizier’s Country, &c. &c.: And allb,

N° 11. Extracts from Bengal Public Consultations of 1782, received per Lively, relative to Disturbances in the Vizier’s Country, to the Nabob’s Account Current with the Company, &c. &c,: And also,

N° 12. Extract of Bengal Persian Correspondence for 1779: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to the Court of Directors, dated 29th November,

1780: And also,

N° 14. Extract of Bengal Secret Consultations, 9th January, 1781: And also,

N° 15. An Account of Bonds granted to the Governor General, from the lftof January, 1779, to the 31st of May, 1782, with Interest paid or credited thereon: And also,

N° 16. Extract of Bengal Persian Correspondence, received for the Year 1780: And also,

N° 17. Letter from the Governor General to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, 22d May, 1782, with two Inclosures: Also,

Letter from the Governor General to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated 16th December,

1782: And allb,

N° 18. Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated 25th January, 1782: And also,

N° 19. Copy of the Governor General’s Minutes, dated 8th and 15th November, 1782: And also,

N® 20. Proceedings against Persons in India for Malverlation in Office: And also,

N® 21. Copy of Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Public Department, to the Court of Directors, dated 7th December, 1782: And allb,

N® 22. Extract of Bengal General Consultations, of 28th October, 1782: And also,

N* 23. Papers respecting Mr. s Agency:

And also,

N* 24. Papers relative to the Revenues of Bengal,

&c. received per Lively Packet.

Together with a List of the Books containing the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Books be referred to the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. JVigglesworth, Highland Deputy Auditor of the Imprest, attended at the Door; Roads and he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Bnd8e»-House, pursuant to their Order of the 3d Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Auditor of Imprest’s Return " to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d of July, 1783, for an Account " of the several Sums of Money granted on Account " of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of " North Britain; together with an Account of the " Expenditure thereof, for a Period of Twenty Years,

" from 1760 to 1779, both inclusive."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session,

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of the Preliminary Articles of Peace between TreatiM of His Britannick Majesty and the States General of the Peace.

United Provinces, signed at Paris, the 2d of September,

1783; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friend-ship between His Britannick Majesty and the Molt

Christian

24 Geo. III. 140 Novembris.

717

Christian King, signed at Versailles the 3d of September 1783; and TraDilution: And also.

Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friend-ship between His Britanmek Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at Versailles the 3d of September 1783; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friend-ship between His Britanmek Majesty and the United States of America, ligned at the 3d of September

1783.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said I.ili was read.

The Copies of the said Preliminary Articles and Definitive Treaties with the States General, the Molt Christian King, and the King of Spain, are preferred among!! the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, and the Copy of the said Definitive Treaty of Peace with the United States of are as follow-

cth; viz.

TRANSLATION of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, between His Majesty and the States General of the I'/litedProvinces. Signed at Paris the 2d of September 1783.

In the Name of the Most Holy Trinity.

The King of Great Britain, and the States General of the I mted Prtrcinces, animated with an equal Desire

to put an End to the Calamities of War, have already authorized their respective Ministers Plenipotentiary to sign mutual Declarations for a Sulpension of Arms; and being willing to re-establish Union and good I ndn(landing between the Two Nations, as neer liary for the Iicnclit of Humanity in general, as for that of their respretive Dominions and Subjects, have named for this Purport?; to wit, ori the Part of His Britan-inch MajtTtv, the most Illufirions and most Excellent Lord 6 corge Duke and Karl of VII’count

JUam/ivil/c, Iiaron of K imho/to His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and on the Part of their High Mightiness the said States General, the most Excellent Lords Mat luxe Lestcvenontie Berkenroode, and Gerard

Brantsen, respectively their Ambassador, and AmhalTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries: Who, after

having duly communicated their full Powers in good Form, have agreed upon the following Preliminary Articles.

Article 1.

As soon as the Preliminaries shall be signed and ratified, sincere and constant Friendship shall be re-established between His Britannick Majesty, His Kingdoms, Dominions, and Subjects, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces, their Dominions, and Subjects, of what Quality or Condition Ibcver they be, without Exception either of Places or Persons; lo that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatest Attention to the maintaining between themselves, and their said Dominions and Subjects, this reciprocal Friendship and Intercourse, w ithout permitting hereafter, on either Part, any Kind of lloftilitics to be committed, either by Sea or by Land, for any Cause or under any Pretence whatsoever: And they shall carefully avoid, for the future, every tiling which might prejudice the Union happily re-el'tablished; endeavouring on the contrary, to procure reciprocally for each other, on every Occasion, whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interests, and Advantage, without giving any Assistance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who w'ould do any Injury to either of the High Contracting Parties. There shall be a general Oblivion of every Thing which may have been done or committed, before or since the Commencement of the War which is just ended.

Vo l. 39.

Article 2.

With respect to the Honours of the Flag, and the Treaties Salute at Sea, by the Ships of the Republick to- l’«ace. wards those of His Britannick Majesty, the same Custom shall be respectively followed, as was practised before the Commencement of the War which is just Concluded.

Article 3.

All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land as by Sea, and the Hostages carried away or given during the War, and to this Day, shall be restored, without Ranforn, in Six Weeks at latest, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of thele Preliminary Articles; each Power respectively discharging the Advances which shall have been made, for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts, attested Accounts, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall be furnished on each Side: And Sureties shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners may have contracted in the Countries where they may have been detained until their entire Release.

And all Ships, as well Men of War as Merchant Ships, which may have been taken since the Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Cessation of Hostilities by Sea, shall likewise be restored, bona Fide, with all their Crews and Cargoes: And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Preliminary Treaty.

Article 4.

The States General of the United Provinces cede and guaranty, in full Right, to His Britannick Majesty, the Town of Negapatnam, with the Dependencies thereof;

but in Consideration of the Importance which the States General of the United Provinces annex to the Possession of the aforesaid Town, the King of Great Britain, as a Proof of His Good-will towards the said States, promilts, notwithstanding this Cession, to receive and treat with them for the Restitution of the said Town, in case the States shall hereafter have an Equivalent to offer Him.

Article 5.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to the States General of the United Provinces, as allb

all the other Towns, Forts, Harbours, and Settlements, which, in the Course of the present War, have been conquered in any Part of the World whatever, by the Arms of His Britannick Majesty, or by those of the English East India Company, and of which He might be in Possession; the Whole in the Condition in which the)’ shall be found.

Article 6.

The States General of the United Provinces promise and engage not to obstru£k the Navigation of the British Subjects in the Eastern Seas.

Article 7.

Whereas Differences have arisen between the English African Company, and the Dutch West India Company, relative to the Navigation on the Coasts of Africa, as also on the Subject of Cape Ap; for preventing all Caule of Complaint between the Subjects of the Two Nations upon those Coasts, it is agreed that Commis-faries shall be named, on each Side, to make suitable Arrangements on these Points.

Article 8.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been, or which may be, conquered in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannick Majesty, as well as by those of the States which are not included in the present Treaty, neither under the Head of Cefiions, por under the Heads of

8 U Restitution*

Treaties of Peace.

718 Novembris. A. 1783.

Refutations, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article 9.

As it is necessary to appoint a certain Period for the Refutations and Evacuations to be made, it is agreed that the King of Great Britain shall cause Trin-quanale to be evacuated, as well as all the Towns, Ports, and Territories which have been taken by His Arms, and of which He may be in Possession, excepting what is ceded to His Britannick Majesty by these Articles, at the same Periods as the Refutations and Evacuations shall be made between Great Britain and France. The Slates General shall restore at the same Period the Towns and Territories which their Arms may have taken from the English in the East Indies. In consequence of which, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the High Contracting Parties, with reciprocal Pall ports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratilication of these Preliminary Articles.

Article 10.

His Britannick Majesty, and Their High Mighti-nefies the aforesaid States Gepromise to observe sincerely, and bona Fide, all the Articles contained and established in this present Preliminary Treaty; and They will not suffer the same to be infringed, di-rectly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects: And the said High Contracting Parties guaranty to each other, generally and reciprocally, all the Stipulations of the present Articles.

Article 11.

The Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles, prepared in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Paris, between the High Contracting Parties, in the Space of One Month, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Articles.

In Witness whereof, We the underwritten, their Ambassadors and Plenipotentiaries, have signed with our Hands, in their Names, and by Virtue of our full Powers, the present Preliminary Articles, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Paris, the Second Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Lesteven van Berkenroode.

Manchester. (L. S.)

(L. S.) Brantse

(L. S.)

T R A N S L A TI O N of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friendship, between His Britannick Majesty, and the Most Christian King. Signed at Versailles the 3d of September, 1783.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So be it.

RE it known to all those whom it shall or may in any Manner concern. The Most Serene and Most Potent Prince George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Duke of Brunswick

and Lunenburgh, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, &>c. and the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince Leeds the Sixteenth, by the Grace of God, Most Christian King, being equally desirous to put an End to the War, which for several Years pall afflicted their respective Dominions, accepted the Offer, which their Majesties the Emperor of the Romans, and the Emprels of All the Russias, made to them, of their Interpofttion, and of their Mediation: Rut their Britannick and Most Christian Majesties, animated with a mutual Desire of accelerating the Re-estabUlhment of Peace, communicated to each other

their laudable Intention; which Heaven so far blessed, that they proceeded to lay the Foundations of Peace, by signing Preliminary Articles at , the 20th

of January, in the present Year. Their said Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, thinking it incumbent upon them to give their Imperial Majesties a signal Proof of their Gratitude for the generous Offer of their Mediation, invited them, in Concert, to concur in the Completion of the great and salutary Work of Peace, by taking Part, as Mediators, in the Definitive Treaty to be concluded between their Britannick and Most Christian Majesties. Their said Imperial Majesties having readily accepted that Invitation, they have named, as their Representatives, viz. His Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, the most: Illustrrions and most Excellent Lord -mond. Count Mercy-Argenteau, Viscount of Loo, Baron

of Chrichegnie, Knight of the Golden Fleece, Chamberlain, actual Privy Councillor of State to His Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty, and His Ambassador to His Most Christian Majesty; and Her Majesty the Emprels of All the Russias, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord, Prince Iwan Lieu-

tenant General of the Forces of Her Imperial Majesty of All the Russias, Knight of the Orders of St. Anne, and of the Swedish Sword, and Her Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty, and the Lord Arcadi de Marcoff, Councillor of State to Her

Imperial Majesty of All the Russias, and Her Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty. In Consequence, their said Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the Most Christum King, have named and constituted for their Plenipotentiaries, charged with the concluding and signing of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, viz. the King of Great Britain, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord George, Duke and Earl of Manchester, Viscount Mandeoille, Baron of Kimbolion, Lord Lieutenant and Custos Roiulorum of the County of Huntingdon, actual Privy Councillor to His Britannick Majesty, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and the Most Christian King, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Charles Groover, Count de Vergennes, Baron of ICelferding, &;c. the King's Councillor in all His Councils, Commander in His Orders, President of the Royal Council of Finances, Councillor of State Military, Minister and Secretary of State, and of His Commands and Finances: Who, after having exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article 1.

There shall be a Christian, Universal, and Perpetual Peace, as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and constant Friendship shall be re-established between their Britannick and Most Christum Majesties, and between their Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, Countries, Subjects, and Vassals, of what Quality or Condition soever they be, without Exception either of Places or Persons; so that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatest Attention to the maintaining between themselves, and their said Dominions and Subjects, this reciprocal Friendship and Intercourse, without permitting hereafter, on either Part, any Kind of Hostilities to be committed, either by Sea or by Land, for any Cause or under any Pretence whatsoever: And they shall carefully avoid, for the future, every Thing which might prejudice the Union happily re-established, endeavouring, on the contrary, to procure reciprocally for each other, on every Occasion, whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interests, and Advantage, without giving any Assistance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who would do any Injury to either of the High Contracting Parties.

03 There

24 Geo. IN. 140 Novembris.

7*9

There shall be a general Oblivion and Amnesty of every Thing which may have been done or committed, before or since the Commencement of the War which is just ended.

Article 2.

The Treaties of Westphalia of 1648; the Treaties of Peace of Nimeguenof 1678, and 1679; of of

1697; those of Peace and of Commerce of Utrecht of 1713; that of Baden of 1714; that of the Triple Allinace of the Hague of 1717; that of the Quadruple Alliance of London of 1718; the Treaty of Peace of Vienna of 1738; the Definitive Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle of 1748; and that of Paris of 1763, serve as a Bulls and Foundation to the Peace, and to the present Treaty; and for this Purpose they are all renewed and confirmed in the heft Form, as well as all the Treaties in general which subsisted between the High Contracting Parties before the War, as if they w'ere herein inserted Word for Word; so that they are to be exactly observed for the future in their full Tenor, and religioully executed by both Parties, in all the Points which shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty of Peace.

Article 3.

All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land as by Sea, and the Iloftages carried away or given during the War, and to this Day, shall he re-ltored, without Kanfotn, in Six Weeks at latest, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; each Crown respectively discharging the Advances which shall have been made, for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts and attested Accounts, and other authentic Vouchers, which fluill be furnished on each Side: And Sureties shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners may have contracted in the Countries where they may have been detained, until their entire Release. And all Ships, as well Men of War as Merchant Ships, which may have been taken since the Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Collation of Hostilities by Sea, shall likewise be restored, bona Fide, with all their Crews and Cargoes. And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty.

Article 4.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain is maintained in His Right to the Island of and to the adjacent Islands, as the Whole were allured to Him by the Thirteenth Article of the Treaty of

Utrecht; excepting the Islands of and

quelon, which are ceded in full Right, by the present Treaty, to His Most Christian Majesty.

Article 5.

His Majesty the Most Ch King, in order to prevent the Quarrels which have hitherto arisen between the Two Nations of England and con-

tents to renounce the Right of Fishing, which belongs to Him in Virtue of the aforesaid Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, from Cape to Cape St.

John, situated on the Eafiern Coalt of Newfoundland, in Fifty Degrees North Latitude: and His Majesty the King of Great Britain consents, on His Part, that the Fishery assigned to the Subjects of His Molt Christian Majesty, beginning at the said Cape John, passing o the North, and defeending by the Western Coast of the Island of shall extend to the Place called Cape Rape, situated in Forty-seven Degrees, Fifty Minutes, Latitude. The French Fishermen shall enjoy the Fishery which is Vol. 39.

assigned to them by the present Article, as they had Treaties of the Right to enjoy that which was assigned to them *>eace* by the Treaty of Utrecht.

Article 6.

With Regard to the Fishery in the Gulph of St.

Laurence, the French shall continue to exercise it conformably to the Fifth Article of the Treaty of Paris.

Article 7.

The King of Great Britain restores to France the Island of St.Lucia, in the Condition it was in when it was conquered by the British Arms: And His tannick Majesty cedes and guaranties to His Molt Christian Majesty the Island of Tobago. The Protestant Inhabitants of the said Island, as well as those of the same Religion who shall have settled at St.

Lucia, whilst that Island was occupied by the British Arms, shall not be molested in the Exercise of their Worfiiip: And the British Inhabitants, or others who may have been Subjects of the King of Great Britain in the aforesaid Islands, shall retain their Possessions upon the same Titles and Conditions by which they have acquired them; or else they may retire in full Security and Liberty, where they shall think fit, and shall have the Power of felling their Estates, provided it be to Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty, and of removing their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except on Account of Debts, or of Criminal Prol’ecutions. The Term limited for this Emigration is fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty. And for the better securing the Possessions of the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Island of Tobago, the Most Christian King shall issue Letters Patent, containing an Abolition of the Droit in the said Island.

Article 8.

The Most Christian King restores to Great Britain the Islands of Grenada, and the Grenadines, St. Vincent’s, Dominica, St Christopher’s, Nevis, and Montserrat; and the Fortrefies of thele Islands shall be delivered up in the Condition they were in when the Conquest of them was made. The same Stipulations inserted in the preceding Article shall take Place iu Favour of the French Subjects, with respect to the Islands enumerated in the present Article.

Article 9.

The ]King of Great Britain cedes, in full Right, and guaranties to His Molt Christian Majesty, the River Senegal, and its Dependencies, with the Forts of St. Louis, Podor, Galam, Arguin and and His Britannick Majesty restores to France the Island of Goree, which shall be delivered up in the Condition it was in when the Conquest of it was made.

Article 10.

The Most Christian King, on His Part, guaranties to the King of Great Britain the Possession of Fort James, and of the River Gambia.

Article 11.

For preventing all Discussion in that Part of the World, the Two High Contracting Parties shall, withia Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, name Cominiffaries, who shall be charged with the settling and fixing of the Boundaries of the respective Possessions. As to the Gum Trade, the English, shall have the Liberty of carrying it on, from the Mouth of the River St. John, to the Bay and Fort of Portendic inclulively. Provided that they shall not form any permanent Settlement, of what Nature

soever,

Treaties of

Peace.

720 14 0 Novetnbris.1783.

soever, in the said River St. John, upon the Coast, or in

the Bay of Portendic.

Article 12.

As to the Residue of the Coast of Africa, the English and French Subjects shall continue to resort thereto according to the Usage which has hitherto prevailed.

Article 13.

The King of Great Britain restores to His Most Christian Majesty all the Settlements which belonged to Him at the Beginning of the present War, upon the Coast of Ori.va, and in Bengal, with Liberty to surround Chandernagore with a Ditch for carrying off the Waters: And His Britannick Majesty engages to take such Measures as shall be in His Power for securing to the Subjects of France in that Part of India, as well as on the Coast of Oriva, Coromandel, and Malabar, a safe, free, and independent Trade, such as was carried on by the French East India Company, whether they exercise it individually, or united in a Company.

Article 14.

Pondicherry shall be in like Manner delivered up and guarantied to France, as also: And His

Britannick Majesty shall procure, for an additional Dependency to Pondicherry, the Two Districts of Valanour and Bahour; and to Karikal, the Four Ma-gans bordering thereupon.

Article 15.

France shall re-enter into the Possession of as well as of its Factory at Surat; and the French shall carry on their Trade, in this Part of India, conformably to the Principles established in the Thirteenth Article of this Treaty.

Article 16.

Orders having been lent to India by the High Contracting Parlies, in pursuance of the Sixteenth Article of the Preliminaries, it is further agreed, that if, within the Term of Four Months, the respective Allies of their Britannick and Most Christian Majesties shall not have acceded to the present Pacification, or conclude a separate Accommodation, their said Majesties shall not give them any Assistance, directly or indirectly, against the British or French Possessions. or against the ancient Possessions of their respective Allies, such as they were in the Year 1776.

Article 17.

The King of Great Britain, being desirous to give to His* Most Christian Majesty a sincere Proof of Reconciliation and Friendship, and to contribute to render (olid the Peace re-established between their said Majesties, consents to the Abrogation and Suppression of all the Articles relative to Dunkirk, from the Treaty of Peace concluded at Utrecht in 1713, inclusive, to this Day.

Article 18.

Immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, the Two High Contracting Parties shall name Commissaries to treat concerning new Arrangements of Commerce between the Two Nations, on the Basis of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience} which Arrangements shall be settled and concluded within the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the First of January, in the Year 1784.

Article 19.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been, or which may be conquered in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannick Majesty, as well as by those of His Most Christian Majesty, which are not included in the present Treaty, neither under the Head of Cessions, nor under the Head of Restitutions, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article 20.

As it is necessary to appoint a certain Period for the Restitutions and Evacuations to be made by each of the High Contracting Parties, it is agreed that the King of Great Britain shall cause to be evacuated the Islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon, Three Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done; St. Lucia (One of the Islands) and Goree in Africa, Three Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done. The King of Great Britain shall in like Manner, at the End of Three Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done, enter again into the Possession of the Islands of Grenada, the Grenadines, St. Vincent's, Dominica, St. Christophers, Nevis, and Montserrat. France shall be put in Possession of the Towns and Factories which are restored to her in the East Indies, and of the Territories which are procured for her, to serve as additional Dependencies to Pondicherry, and to Karikal, Six Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done. France shall deliver up, at the End of the like Term of Six Months, the Towns and Territories which her Arms may have taken from the English, or their Allies in the East Indies. In Consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the High Contracting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

Article 21.

The Decision of the Prizes and Seizures made prior to the Hostilities shall be referred to the respective Courts of Justice; so that the Legality of the said Prizes and Seizures shall be decided according to the Law of Nations, and to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation which shall have made the Capture, or ordered the Seizures.

Article 22.

For preventing the Revival of the Law-Suits which have been ended in the Islands conquered by either of the High Contracting Parties, it is agreed that the Judgments pronounced in the last Resort, and which have acquired the Force of Matters determined, shall be confirmed and executed according to their Form and Tenor.

Article 23.

Their Britannick and Most Christian Majesties promise to observe sincerely, and bona Fide, all the Articles contained and established in the present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects: And the said High Contracting Parties guaranty to each other, generally and reciprocally, all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Article 24.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty', prepared in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Versailles, between the High Contracting Parties, in the Space of a Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof, We the underwritten Ambassador Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary, have signed with our Hands, in their Names, and in Virtue of our respective full Powers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Manchester. (L. S.) Grade (L. S.)

Separate

2a Geo. III. 14* Novembris-721

Separate Articles.

I.

Some of the Titles made use of by the Contracting Parties, whether in the full Powers, and other Instruments, during the Course of the Negotiation, or in the Preamble of the present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged, it has been agreed that no Prejudice should ever result therefrom to either of the said Contracting Parties; and that the Titles taken or omitted, on either Side, upon Occasion of the said Negociation, and of the present Treaty, thall not be cited, or quoted as a Precedent.

II.

It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, shall not form an Example which may be alledged or quoted as a Precedent, or in any Manner prejudice' either of the Contracting Powers; and that they shall conform, for the future, to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regard to and on the Part of Powers, who are in the Practice and Possession of giving and receiving Copies of like Treaties in a different Language from the French; the present Treaty having, nevertheless, the same Force and Virtue as if the aforesaid Practice had been therein observed.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ambaffactor Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary of their Britannickand Molt Christian Majesties, have

signed the present Separate Articles, and have cauled the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles, the Third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Manchester, (l. s.) Gravier de (l. s.)

Declaration.

The King having entirely agreed with His Mod Christian Majesty upon the Articles of the Definitive Treaty, will feck every Means which shall not only ensure the Execution thereof, with his accustomed good Faith and Punctuality, but will besides give, on his Part, all possible Efficacy to the Principles which shall prevent even the lead Foundation of Dispute for the future.

To this End, and in order that the Fishermen of the Two Nations may not give Cause for daily Quarrels, His Britannick Majesty will take the most positive Measures for preventing His Subjects from interrupt* ing, in any Manner, by their Competition, the Fishery of the French, during the temporary Exercise of it which is granted to them, upon the Coasts of the 111 and of Newfoundland;and He will, for this Purpose, cause the fixed Settlements, which shall be formed there, to be removed. His Britannick Majesty will give Orders, that the French Fiffiermen be not incommoded, in cutting the Wood necessary for the Repair of their Scaffolds, Huts, and Fishing Vessels.

The Thirteenth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, and the Method of carrying on the Fishery which has at all Times been acknowledged, shall be the Plan upon which the Fishery shall be carried on there; it shall not be deviated from by cither Party; the French Fiffiermen only building their Scaffolds, confining themselves to the Repair of their Fishing Vessels, and not wintering the re; the Subjects of His Britajinick Majesty, on their Part, not molesting, in any Mauner, the Fiffiermen,

during their Fishing, nor injuring their Scaffolds during their Absence.

The King of Great Britain, in ceding the Islands of St.Pierre and Miquelon to France, regards them Vot. 39.

a# ceded for the Purpose of serving as a real Shelter Treaties of to the French Fiffiermen, and in full Confidence that Peace, these Possessions will not become an Object of Jealously between the Two Nations; and that the Fishery between the said Islands, and that of Newfoundland, shall be limited to the Middle of the Channel.

With regard to India, Great Britain having granted to France every Thing that can ascertain and confirm the Trade which the latter requires to carry on there.

His Majesty relies with Confidence on the repeated Assurances of the Court of Versailles, that the Power of surrounding Chandemagore with a Ditch for carrying off the Waters, shall not be exercised in such a Manner as to make it become an Object of Umbrage.

The New State in which Commerce may perhaps be found, in all Parts of the Word, will demand Revisions and Explanations of the subsisting Treaties; but an entire Abrogation of those Treaties, in whatever Period it might be, would throw Commerce into such Confusion as would be of infinitive Prejudice to it.

In some of the Treaties of this Sort, there are not only Articles which relate merely to Commerce, but many others which ensure reciprocally, to the re-fpcCtive Subjects, Privileges, Facilities for conducting their Affairs, personal Protections, and other Advantages, which are not, and which ought not to be, of a changeable Nature, such as the Regulations relating merely to the Value of Goods and Merchandize, variable from Circumstances of every Kind.

When therefore the State of the Trade between the Two Nations shall be treated upon, it is requisite to be understood, that the Alterations which may be made in the subsisting Treaties are to extend only to Arrangements merely Commercial; and that the Privileges and Advantages, mutual and particular, be not only preserved on each Side, but even augmented, if it can be done.

In this View, His Majesty has contented to the Appointment of Commissaries on each Side, who ffiaft treat solely upon this Object.

In Witness whereof, We His Britannick Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, being thereto duly authorised, have signed the present Declaration, and caused the Seal of our Arms to be let thereto.

Given at Versailles the Third of September',

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(L. s.) Manchester.

Counter-Declaration.

The Principles which have guided the King, in the whole Course of the Negotiations which preceded the Re-establishment of Peace, must have convinced the King of Great Britain, that His Majesty has had no other Design than to render it solid and lasting, by preventing, as much as possible, in the Four Quarters of the World, every Subject of Discussion and Quarrel.

The King of Great Britain undoubtedly places too much Confidence in the Uprightness of His Majesty’s Intentions, not to rely upon his constant Attention to prevent the Islands of St.Pierre and Miquelon from becoming an Object of Jealously between the Two Nations.

As to the Fishery upon the Coasts of Nexvfoundland, which has been the Object of the new Arrangements settled by the Two Sovereigns upon this Matter, it is sufficiently ascertained by the Fifth Article of the Treaty of Peace signed this Day, and by the Declaration likewise delivered Today by His Britannick Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary;

8 X and

T^atie* of Peace,

722 140 Novembris. 1783.

and Mis Majesty declares, that He is fully satisfied on this Head.

In regard to the Fishery between the Island of Newfoundland, and those of Miquelon and Pierre, it is not to be carried on, by either Party, but to the Middle of the Channel; and His Majesty will give the most positive Orders, that the French Fishermen shall not go beyond this Line. His Majesty is firmly persuaded that the King of Great Britain will give like Orders to the English Fishermen.

The King’s Desire to maintain the Peace comprehends India as well as the other Parts of the World; His

Britannick Majesty may therefore be allured, that His Majesty will never permit that an Object lb inoffensive, and lo harmless, as the Ditch with which Chandernagore is to be surrounded, should give any Umbrage to the Court of London.

The King, in proposing new Arrangements of Commerce, had no other Design than to remedy, by the Rules of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience, whatever may be defective in the Treaty of Commerce signed at Utrecht, in One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen. The King of Great Britain may judge from thence, that His Majesty’s Intention is not in any wise to cancel all the Stipulations in the above-mentioned Treaty; He declares, on the contrary, from henceforth, that He is disposed to maintain all the Privileges, Facilities, and Advantages expressed in that Treaty, as far as they shall be reciprocal, or compensated by equivalent Advantages. It is to attain this End, desired on each Side, that Commissaries are to be appointed to treat upon the State of the Trade between the Two Nations, and that a considerable Space of Time is to be allowed for completing their Work. His Majesty hopes that this Object will be purlued with the same good Faith, and the same Spirit of Conciliation, which presided over the Difculfion of all the other Points comprised in the Definitive Treaty; and His said Majesty is firmly persuaded that the respective Commissaries will employ the utuioft Diligence for the Completion of this important Work.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Minister Plenipotentiary of His Most Christian Majesty, being thereto duly authorised, have signed the present Counter-Declaration, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Given at Versailles the Third of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(l.s.) Gravier de

We, Ambassador Plenipotentiary of His Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty, having acted as Mediator

in the Work of Pacification, declare that the Treaty of Peace signed this Day at Versailles, between His tannick Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty, with the Two separate Articles thereto annexed, and of which they form a Part, as also with all the Clauses, Conditions, and Stipulations, which are therein contained, was concluded by the Mediation of His Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty.

In Witness whereof, we have signed these Presents with our Hand, and have caused the Seal of our Arms

to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Le Comte de Mercy Argenteau.

We, Ministers Plenipotentiary of Her Imperial Majesty of All the Russias, having acted as Mediators in the Work of Pacification, declare, that the Treaty of Peace, signed this Day at Versailles, between His

Britannick Majesty, and His Most Christian Majesty, with the Two separate Articles thereto annexed, and of which they form a Part, as also with all the Clauses, Conditions, and Stipulations, which are therein contained, was concluded by the Mediation of Her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias.

In Witness whereof, we have signed these Prefehts with our Hands, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(l. s.) Prince Iwah

(l.s.) A.

TRANSLATION of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friend ship between His Britannick Majesty, and the King of Spain. Signed at Versailles the 3d Day of September 1783.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So be it.

Be it known to all those whom it shall or may in any Manner concern. The Most Serene and Most Potent Prince. George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of wick and Lunenbourg, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, tyc. and the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince Charles the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Spain, and of the Indies, &;c. being equally desirous to put an End to the War, which for several Years past afflicted their respective Dominions, accepted the Offer which their Majesties, the Emperor of the Romans, and the Empress of All the Russias, made to them, of their Interposition, and of their Mediation: But their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, animated with a mutual

Desire of accelerating the Re-establishment of Peace, communicated to each other their laudable Intention; which Heaven so far blefied, that they proceeded to lay the Foundations of Peace, by signing Preliminary Articles at Versailles, the 20th of January, in the present Year. Their said Majesties, the King of Great Britain, and the Catholick King, thinketh it incumbent upon them to give their Imperial Majesties a signal Proof of their Gratitude for the generous Offer of their Mediation, invited them, in Concert, to concur in the Completion of the great and salutary Work of Peace, by taking Part, as Mediators, in the Definitive Treaty to be concluded between their Britannick and Catholick Majesties. Their laid Imperial Majesties having readily accepted that Invitation, they have named, as their Representatives; viz.His Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, the most illustrious and most Excellent Lord Ftorimond, Count Mercy-Argenteau, Viscount

of Loo, Baron of Crichegnee, Knight of the Golden Fleece, Chamberlain, afluaL Privy Councillor of State to His Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty, and His Ambassador to His Most Christian Majesty; and Her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, the most Illustrious and most Excelleut Lord Prince Lean Briatinskoy, Lieutenant General of the Forces of Her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, Knight of the Orders of St.Anne and of the Sword, and

Her Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty, and the Lord Arcadi de Councillor

of State to Her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, and Her Minister Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty. In Consequence, their laid Majesties, the King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, have named and constituted for their Plenipotentiaries, charged with the concluding and signing of the Definitive Treaty of Peace; the King

of Great Britain, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord George, Duke and Earl of Manchester,

Viscount

i\ Geo. III. 14 Novembris723

Viscount Mandeville, Baron of Lord Lieu-

tenant and Cuslos Rotulorum of the County of Huntingdon, actual Privy Councillor to His Majesty, and fib Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and the Catholick King, the most Illustrious and most Excellent Lord Peter Paul Abarca de Bolen d Urrea,

&. c. Count of Aranda and Castel Florida, Marquis of Torres, of Villanan, and Rupit, Viscount of Rueda and York, Baron of the Baronies of Gavin, Clamosa,

Eripol Trazmoz, La Mata de Castil-Vicjo, Antilion, La Almolda, Cortes, Jorva, St. Genis, Arcau

and S" Colome de Fames, Lord of the Tenance and Honour of Alcalatbi, the Valley of Rodellar, the Castles and Towns of Madia, MesoTrnrana, and Villa Plana, Taradel and Viladrau, Rico-Hombre in

Arragon by Descent, Grandee of Spain of the First Class, Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece* and of that of the Holy Ghost, Gentleman of the King’s Chamber in Employment, Captain General of His Forces, and his Ambassador to the Most Christian King: Who, after having exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article 1.

There shall be a Christian, Universal, and Perpetual Peace, as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and constant Friendftiip shall be rc-established, between their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, and between the

Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, Countries, Subjects, and Vassals, of what Quality or Condition soever they be, without Exception either of Places or Persons; so that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatest Attention to the maintaining between themselves, and their said Dominions and Subjects, thb reciprocal Friendship and Intercourse, without permitting hereafter, on either Part, any Kind of Hof-tilities to be committed, either by Sea or by Land, for any Cause or under any Pretence whatsoever; and they shall carefully avoid, for the future, every Thing which might prejudice the Union happily re-established, endeavouring, on the contrary, to procure reciprocally for each other, on every Occasion, whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interclts, and Advantage, without giving any Assistance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who would do any Injury to either of the High Contracting Parties. There shall be a general Oblivion and Amnelty of every Thing which may have been done or committed, before or since the Commencement of the War which b just ended.

Article 2.

The Treaties of Westphalia of 1648; those of Madrid of 1607, and of 1670; those of the Peace and of Commerce of Utrecht of 1713; that of of 1714; of

Madrid of 1715* of Seville of 1729; the Definitive Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle of 1748; the Treaty of Madrid of 1750; and the Definitive Treaty of Paris of 1763, serve as a Basis and Foundation to the Peace, and to the present Treaty; and for this Purpose, they are all renewed and confirmed, in the best Form, as well as all the Treaties in general which subsisted between the High Contracting Parties before the War, and particularly all those which are specified and renewed in the aforesaid Definitive Treaty of Paris, in the best Form, and as if they were herein inserted Word for Word; so that they are to be cxaClly observed for the future in their full Tenor, and religioully executed by both Parties, in all the Points which shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty of Peace.

Article 3.

All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land as by Sea, and the Hostages carried away or given, during the War, and to this Day, shall be Vo 1. 39.

restored, without Ransom, in Six Weeks at latest, to be Treaties of ' computed from the Day of the Exchange of the pre- Peace, sent Treaty; each Crown respectively discharging the Advances which shall have been made for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts, attested Accounts, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall be furnished on each Side: And Sureties shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners may have contracted in the Counties where they may have been detained, until their entire Release. And all Ships, as well Men of War as Merchant Ships, which may have been taken since the Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Cessation of Hostilities by Sea, shall likewise be restored, bond Fide, with all their Crews and Cargoes. And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty.

Article 4.

The King of Great Britain cedes, in full Right, to His Catholick Majesty, the llland of Minorca. Provided that the same Stipulations inserted in the following Article shall take Place in Favour of the British Subjects, with regard to the above-mentioned llland.

Article 5.

His Britannick Majesty likewise cedes and guaranties, in full Right, to His Catholick Majesty, East Florida, as also West Flmida. His Catholick Majesty agrees that the British Inhabitants, or others who may have been Subjects of the King of Great Britain in the said Countries, may retire in full Security and Liberty, where they shall think proper, and may fell their Estates, and remove their Effects, as well as their Terlons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except on Account of Debts, or criminal Prosecutions: the Term limited for this Emigration being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty: But if, from the Value of the Post’eflions of the English Proprietors, they should not be able to dispose of them within the said Term, then His Catholick Majesty shall grant them a Prolongation proportioned to that End. It is further stipulated, that His Britannick Majesty shall have the Power of removing from East Florida all the EffeCls which may belong to Him, whether Artillery, or other Matters.

Article 6.

The Intention of the Two High Contracting Parties being to prevent, as much as possible, all the Causes of Complaint and Misunderstanding heretofore occasioned by the Cutting of Wood for Dying, or Logwood; and several English Settlements having been formed and extended, under that Pretence, upon the Spanish Continent; it is expressly agreed, that His Britannick Majesty’s Subjects shall have the Right of cutting, loading, and carrying away Logwood, in the DistriCfs lying between the Rivers Wallis or Bellize, and Rio Hondo, taking the Course of the said Two Rivers for unalterable Boundaries, lb as that the Navigation of them be common to both Nations; to wit, by the River Wallis or Bellize, from the Sea, ascending as far as opposite to a Lake or Inlet which runs into the Land, and forms an Isthmus, or Neck, with another similar Inlet, which comes from the Side of or New

so that the Line of Separation shall pass straight across the said Isthmus, and meet another Lake formed by the Water of Rio Nuevo, or New River, at its Current. The laid Line shall continue with the Course of Nucco, defeending as far as opposite to a River, the

Source

724 14* Novembris. A. 1783.

Treaties of Peace,

Source of which is marked in the Map, between Rio-Nueoo and Rio-Hondo, and which empties itself into Rio-Hondo', which River shall also serve as a common Boundary as far as its Junction with Rio-Hondo; and from thence defeending by Rio-Hondo to the Sea, as the Whole is marked on the Map which the Plenipotentiaries of the Two Crowns have thought proper to make use of, for ascertaining the Points agreed upon, to the End that a good Correspondence may reign between the Two Nations, and that the English Workmen, Cutters, and Labourers, may not trespafe from an Uncertainty of the Boundaries. The respective Commissaries shall fix upon convenient Places, in the Territory above marked out, in order that His Majesty’s Subjects, employed in the Felling of Logwood, may, without Interruption, build therein Houses and Magazines necessary for themselves, their Families, and their Effects; and His Catholick Majesty allures to them the Enjoyment of all that is expressed in the present Article: Provided that these Stipulations shall not be considered as derogating in any wise from his Rights of Sovereignty. Therefore all the , who may be

dispersed in any other Parts, whether on the Spanish Continent, or in any of the lllands whatsoever, dedendant on the aforesaid Spanish Continent, and for whatever Reason it might be, without Exception, shall retire within the District which has been above described, in the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Exchange of the Ratifications; and for this Purpose Orders shall be iflbed on the Part of His Britannick Majesty; and on that of His CathoHck Majesty, his Governors shall be ordered to grant to the English dispersed every Convenience possible for their removing to the Settlement agreed upon by the present Article, or for their retiring wherever they shall think proper. It is likewise ftipu-lated, that if any Fortifications should actually have been heretofore erected within the Limits marked out, His Britannick Majesty shall cause them all to be demolHhed; and He will order His Subjects not to build any new ones. The English Inhabitants, who shall settle there for the cutting of Logwood, shall be permitted to enjoy a free FHhery for their Subsistence, on the Coasts of the DHlricts above agreed on, or of the lllands situated opposite thereto, without being in any wise disturbed on that Account; provided they do not establish themselves, in any Manner, on the said lllands.

Article 7.

His Catholick Majesty shall restore to Great Britain the Islands of Providence and the , without

Exception, in the same Condition they were in when they were conquered by the Arms of the King of Spain. The same Stipulations inserted in the Fifth Article of this Treaty shall take Place in Favour of the Spanish Subjects, with regard to the Islands mentioned in the present Article.

Article 8.

All the Countries and Territories, which may have been or which may.be conquered in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannick Majesty, as well as by those of His CathoHck Majesty, which are not included in the present Treaty, neither under the Head of Cessions, nor under the Head of Restitutions, shall be rellored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article 9.

Immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, the Two High Contracting Parties shall name Commis-faries to treat concerning new Arrangements of Commerce between the Two Nations, on the Basis of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience; which Arrangements shall be settled and concluded within the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the First of January,

1784.

Article 10.

As it is necessary to appoint a certain Period for the Restitutions and Evacuations to be made by each of the High Contracting Parties, it is agreed, that the King of Great Britain shall cause East Florida to be evacuated Three Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done. The King of Great Britain shall, in like Manner, enter again into Pofiession of the Islands of Providence and the Bahamas, without Exception, in the Space of Three Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done. In Consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be feat by each of the High Contracting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

Article 11.

Their Britannick and CathoHck Majesties promise to observe sincerely, and bond Fide, all the Articles contained and established in the present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects: And the said High Contrafting Parties guaranty to each other, generally and reciprocally, all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Article 12.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, prepared in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Versailles, between the High Contracting Parties, in the Space of One Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty. In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Am-baffadors Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary, have signed with our Hands, in their Names, and by virtue of our respective foil Powers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Manchester. Le Comte d’ Aranda,

(l. s.) . (l. s.)

Separate Articles.

I.

Some of the Titles made use of by the Contracting Parties, whether in the full Powers and other Instruments, during the Course of the Negociation, or in the Preamble of the present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged, it has been agreed that no Prejudice shall ever result therefrom to either of the said contracting Parties; and that the Titles taken or omitted, on either Side, upon Occasion of the said Negociation, and of the present Treaty, shall not be cited, or quoted as a Precedent.

II.

It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, shall not form an Example which may be alledged or quoted as a Precedent, or in any Manner prejudice either of the Contracting Powers; and that they shall conform, for the future, to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regard to and on the Part of Powers, who ace in the Practice and Pof-iession of giving and receiving Copies of like Treaties in a different Language from the French', the present Treaty having, nevertheless, the same Force and Virtue as if the aforesaid Practice had been therein observed.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ambaf-lador Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary,

of

4 Geo. Ill* 14 0 Novembris

of their Britannick and CaLholick Majesties, have signed the present Separate Articles, and have caul'ed the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third of , One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Le Comte d’ ArandaManchester.

(l.#s.) (l. s.)

' Declaration.

The new State in which Commerce may perhaps tie found, in .'all Parts of the World, will demand Hevisions and Explanations of the subsisting Treaties; but an entire Abrogation of those Treaties, in whatever Period it might be, would throw Commerce into such Confusion as would be of infinite Prejudice to it.

In some of the Treaties of this Sort there are not only Articles which relate merely to Commerce, but many others which enfnre reciprocally, to the respective Subjects, Privileges, Facilities for conducing their Affairs, personal Protections, and other Advantages, which tire not, and which ought not to be, of a changeable Nature, such as the Regulations relating merely to the Value of Goods and Merchandize, variable from Circumstances of every Kind.

When therefore the State of the Trade between the Two Nations shall be treated upon, it is requisite to be understood, that the Alterations which may be made in the lublilting Treaties are to extend only to Arrangements merely commercial; and that the Privileges and Advantages, mutual and particular, be not only prefrrved on each Side, but even augmented, if it can be done.

In this View, His Majesty has consented to the Appointment of Commifl'aries, on each Side, who shall treat fukly upon this Subject

Done at Versailles the Third of , One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Manchester.

(l. s.)

Counter-Declaration.

The Catholick King, in proposing new Arrangements of Commerce, has had no other Design than to remedy, by the Rules of Reciprocity and mutual Convenience, whatever may be defective in preceding Treaties of Commerce. The King of Great Britain may judge from thence, that the Intention of His Catholick Majesty is not in any Manner to cancel all tire Stipulations contained in the above-mentioned Treaties; He declares, on the contrary, from henceforth, that He is disposed to maintain all the Privileges, Facilities, and Advantages expressed in the old Treaties, as far as they shall lie reciprocal, or compensated by equivalent Advantages. It is to attain this End, defined on each Side, that Commissaries are to be named to treat upon the State of Trade between the Two Nations, and that a contiderable Space of Time is to be allowed for completing their Work. His Catholick Majesty hopes that this Object will be pursued with the same good Faith, and with the same Spirit of Conciliation, which have pretided over the Discussion of all other Points included in the Definitive Treaty; and His said Majesty is equally confident, that the respective Cornmif-i'.iries will employ the utmost Diligence for the Completion of this important Work.

Done at Versailles the Third of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(r„ s.) Lc Comte d

VO L. 39.

We, Ambassador Plenipotentiary of His Imperial Treaties of and Royal Apostolick Majesty, having a6led as Mediator Peacei

in the Work of Pacification, declare that the Treaty of Peace signed this Day at Vebetween His Britannick Majesty and His Catholick Majesty, with the Two Separate Articles thereunto annexed, and of wInch they forma Part, as also with all the Clauses, Conditions, and Stipulations which are therein contained, was concluded by the Mediation of His Imperial and Royal Apostolick Majesty. In Witness whereof, we have signed these Presents with our Hand, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third of , One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(l. s.) Le Comte de Mercy Argenteau.

We, Ministers Plenipotentiary of Her Imperia Majesty of All the Russias, having afited as Mediators in the Work of Pacification, declare that the Treaty of Peace signed this Day at Ve, between His Britannick Majesty and His Catholick Majesty, with the Two Separate Articles thereto annexed, and of which they form a Part, as also with all the Clauses, Conditions, and Stipulations which are therein contained, was concluded by the Mediation of Her Imperial Majesty of All the Russias. In Witness whereof, wd have signed these Presents with our Hands, and have cauled the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles the Third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(l. s.) Prince Bariatinskoy.

(l. s.) A. Mttrcoff.

COPY of the Definitive Treaty of Peace and Friend-ship between His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America. Signed at Paris, the 3d of September 1783.

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity.

It having plea fed the Divine Providence to dispose the Hearts of the most Serene and most Potent Prince,

George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Arch-Treasurer and Prince Eleflor of the Holy Roman Empire, §c. and of the United States of America, to forget all past Misunderstandings and Differences that have unhappily interrupted the good Correspondence and Friendship which they mutually with to restore; and to establish such a beneficial and satisfactory Intercourse between the twro Countries, upon the Ground of reciprocal Advantages and mutual Convenience, as may promote and secure to both perpetual Peace and Harmony; and having for this desirable End already laid the Foundation of Peace and Reconciliation, by the Provisional Articles signed at Paris, oil the 30th of November 1782, by the Commissioners empowered on each Part; which Articles were agreed to be inserted in, and to constitute, the Treaty of Peace, proposed to be concluded between the Crown of Great Britain and the said United States, but which Treaty was not to be concluded until Terms of Peace should be agreed upon between Great Britain and France, and His Britannick Majesty flioiild be ready to conclude such Treaty accordingly; and the Treaty between Great Britain and France having since been concluded. His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America, in order to carry into full Effect the Provisional Articles above mentioned, according to the Tenor thereof, have constituted and appointed, that is to lay, His Britannick Majesty, on IJis Part,

: U V David

Trfatie* of

Feiict.

14® Novembris. A. 1785*

David Hartley, Esquire, Member of the Parliament of Great Britain-, and the said United States, on their Part,

John Adams, Esquire, InV. a Connnissioner of the United States of America attlie Court of Versailles, late Delegate in Congress from the State of and Chief

Juliice of the said State, and Minister Plenipotentiary of the said United States to their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Netherlands-, Benjamin Franklin, Esquire, late Delegate in Congress from the State of Pensy/tania, President of the Convention of the

tiid State, and Minister Plenipotentiary from the United States of America at the Court of Versailles-, John Jay,

Esquire, late President of Congress, and Chief Justice of the State of New York, and Minister Plenipotentiary from the said United States at the Court of Madrid-, to be the Plenipotentiaries for the concluding and signing the present Definitive Treaty: Who, after having reciprocally communicated their respective fitll Powers, have agreed upon and confirmed the following Articles:

Article t.

His Britannick Majesty acknowledges the said United

States, viz. New Hampshire, Bey, Rhode

Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensyhama, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, to be Free, Sovereign, and Independent States; that He treats with them as such; and for Himself, His . Heirs, and Successor6, relinquishes all Claims to the Government, Propriety, and Territorial Rights of the fame, and every Part thereof.

Article 2.

And that all Disputes which might arise in future on the Subject of the Boundaries of the said United States may be prevented, it is hereby agreed and declared, that the following are and shall be their Boundaries; viz.From the North-West Angle of Nova

Scotia, vis. that Angle which is formed by a Line drawn due North, from the Source of Saint Croix Iliver to The Highlands, along the said Highlands which divide thol'e Rivers that empty themselves into the River Saint Laurence, from those which fall into the Atlanta: Ocean, to the North-Westernmost Head of Connecticut River; Thence down along the Middle of that River to the Forty-fifth Degree of North Latitude; From thence by a Line due West on said I-atbude until it strikes the River Iroquois or Cataraquy; Thence along the Middle of laid River into Luke Ontario: Through the Middle of said Lake, until it strikes the Communication by Water between that Lake iind Lake Erie; Thence along the Middle of said Communication into Lake Erie; Through the Middle of laid Lake, until it arrives at the Water-Communication between that Lake and Lake Huron; Thence along the Middle of said Water-Communication into the Lake Huron; Thence through the Middle of said Lake to the Water-Communication between that Lake and Lake Superior; Thence through Lake Superior, Northward of the Isles Royal and to the

long Lake; Thence through the Middle of said Long Luke, and the Water-Communication between it and the Lake of the Woods, to the said Lake of the Woods; Thence through the said Lake to the most North-W. ltern Point thereof, and from thence on a due West Course to the River Mississippi; Thence by a Line to be drawn along the Middle of the said River Mississippi, until it shall interl'eft the Northernmost Part of the Thirty-first Degree of North Latitude: — South, by a Line to be drawn due East from the Determination of the Line last mentioned, in the Latitude of Thirty-one Degrees North of the Equator, to the Middle of the River Apalachicola or Catahouche; Thence along the Middle thereof to its Junction with

n < #

the Flint River; Thence liraight to the Head of Saint

Mary's River, and thence down along the Middle

of Saint Maty's River to the Atlantic Ocean: — East, by a Line to be drawn along the Middle of the River Saint Croix, from its Mouth in the Bay of to its

Source; And from its Source directly North to the aforesaid Highlands, which divide the Rivers that fall into the Atlantic Ocean from those which fall into the River Saint Lawrence: Comprehending all Islands

within Twenty Leagues of any Part of the Shores of the United States, and lying between Lines to be drawn due East from the Points where the aforesaid Boundaries between Nova Scotia on the one Part, and East Florida on the other, shall respectively touch the Bay of and the Atlantic Ocean; excepting tiich Islands as now are, or heretofore have been, within the Limits of the said Province of Nova Scotia.

Article 3.

It is agreed, That the People of the United States shall continue to enjoy unmoleited the Right to take Fish of every Kind on the Grand Bank, and on all the other Banks, of Newfoundland: Also in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and at all other Places in the Sea, where the Inhabitants of both Countries used at any Time heretofore to fish. And also that the Inhabitants of the United States shall have Liberty to take Fish of every Kind on such Part of the Coast of Newfoundland, as British Fishermen shall use (but not to dry or cure the same on that Island) and also on the Coasts, Bays, and Creeks of all other of His Britannick Majesty’s Dominions in America; and that the American Fishermen shall have Liberty to dry and cure Fish in any of the unlettled Bays, Harbours, and Creeks of Nova Scotia, Magdalen Islands, and Labrador, so long as the same shall remain unlettled; but so soon as the fame, or either of them, shall be settled, it shall not be lawful for the said Fishermen to dry or cure Fish at such Settlement, without a previous Agreement for that Purpose with the Inhabitants, Proprietors, or Possessors of the Ground.

Article 4.

It is agreed, That Creditors on either Side shall meet with no lawful Impediment to the Recovery of the full Value in Sterling Money of all bond Fide Debts heretofore contracted.

Article 5.

It is agreed, That the Congress shall earnestly recommend it to the Legislatures of the respective States, to provide for the Restitution of all Estates, Rights, and Properties which have been confiscated, belonging to real British Subjects: And also of the Estates, Rights, and Properties of Persons resident in Districts in the Possession of His Majesty’s Arms, and who have not borne Arms against the said United States: And that Persons of any other Description thall have free Liberty to go to any Part or Parts of any of the Thirteen United States, and therein to remain Twelve Months unmolested in their Endeavours to obtain the Restitution of such of their Estates, Rights, and Properties as may have been confiscated: And that Congress shall also earnestly recommend to the several States, a Reconsideration and Revision of all Acts or Laws regarding the Premises, so as to render the said Laws or Acts perfectly confident, not only with Justice and Equity, but with that Spirit of Conciliation, which, on the Return of the Blefifings of Peace, should universally prevail. And that Con-gress shall also earnestly recommend to the several States, that the Estates, Rights, and Properties of such last mentioned Persons shall be restored to them, they refunding to any Persons who may be now in Pofiel-fion the bond Fide Price (where any has been given) which such Persons may have paid on purchasing any of the said Lands, Rights, or Properties since the Confilcation.

And it is agreed, That all Persons who have any Interest in confiscated Lands, either by Debts, Marriage 04 Settlements,

t

24 Geo. III. 140 Novem. 727

Settlements, or other wise, shall meet with no lawful Impediment in the Prosecution of their just Rights.

Article* 6.

That there shall be no future Confiscations made, nor any Prosecutions commenced, against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of the Part which he or they may have taken in the present War; and that no Person shall on that Account suffer any future Loss or Damage either in his Person, Liberty, or Property; and that those who may be in Confinement on such Charges at the Time of the Ratification of the Treaty in America, shall be immediately set at Liberty, and the Prosecutions so commenced be discontinued.

Article

There shall be a firm and perpetual Peace between His Britannick Majesty and the said States, and between the Subjefits of the one and the Citizens of the other, wherefore all Hostilities both by Sea and Land shall from henceforth cease: All Prisoners on both Sides shall be set at Liberty, and His Britannick Majesty shall with all convenient Speed, and without coufing any Destruction, or carrying away any Negroes, or other Pro|>erty, of the American Inhabitants, withdraw all His Armies, Garrisons, and Fleets, from the said United States, and from every Port, Place, and Harbour within the same; leaving in all Fortifications the American Artillery that may be therein: And shall also order and cause all Archives, Records, Deeds, and Papers, belonging to any of the said States, or their Citizens, which in the Course of the War may have fallen into the Hands of His Officers, to be forthwith restored and delivered to tire proper States and Persons to whom they belong.

Article 8.

The Navigation of the River , from its

Source to the Ocean, shall for ever remain free and open to the Subjects of Great Britain, and the Citizens of the United States.

Article 9.

In case it should so happen that any Place or Territory belonging to Great Britain, or to the United States, should have been 'conquered by the Arms of either, from the other, before the Arrival of the said Provisional Articles in America, it is agreed that the same shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article 10.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, expedited in good and due Form, shall be exchanged between the Contrafiling Parties in the Space of Six Months, or fboner, if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness w hereof, we the Undersigned, their Mi-nifters Plenipotentiary, have in their Name, and in virtue of our full Powers, signed with our Hands the present Definitive Treaty, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Paris this Third Day of , in the

Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

(l. s.) D.Hartley. (l. s.) John Adams.

(l. s.) B. Franklin.

(l. s.) John Jay.

Ordered \That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Private Bills. Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 5th Day of February next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vol. 39.

consider of the Motion made Yesterday, Tin a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they bad direfited him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, Splitgerber’*, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Chris- &c- Nat tian Splitgerber and Sebastian Frid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be Address, graciously pleated to give Direfilions, that the Copies of the Orders tlterein mentioned might be laid before this House) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Imports and Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer- Exports, chandize, exported from, and imported into. Great Britain, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish acquainted Queen's the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her ^D4w#r 40 Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House; essa8e* had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say,

Gentlemen,

I return My sincerest Thanks to the House of Commons for this trelh Instance of Duty to the King, and Attention to Me.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Un- VorkBuild-dertakers for raising Thames Water in York Buildings, ings Com-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Pany ^*tates* That, by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of King William and Queen Mary, for incorporating the Proprietors of the Water Works in York Buildings, and for encouraging their carrying on and settling the said Water Works, the said Governor and Company were incorporated, and enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien Lands and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, and to do and execute all other Things, by their Name of Incorporation, that to them should appertain, and to use a common Seal, to serve for all their Business; and the said Afit appointed a Governor and Six of the said Company, to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company; and that the said Company, in pursuance of the Power vested in them by the said Afit, did, in the Year 1719, order a Subscription to be opened for raising a Stock of 1,200,000l. to be laid out in the Purchase of Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives, for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock; and that the Sum of 308,093/. 14$. 7 d.was, by the said Company, inverted in the Purchase of certain Estates in Scotland, of the annual Value of 12,000l. and in Northumberland,

728 14* — 170 NA. 1785.

of the annual Value of 2,684/. which Estates were fold under the Authority and Directions of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, and that, in pursuance of Powers vested in the Company by Two other Acts, passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the said King's Reign, in order to raise Money the better to enable them to make good their said Purchases, they granted Annuities for Lives to the Amount of 12,000l. per Annum, by Bonds to the Annuitants, and charged the said Company’s Lands in Scotland with the Payment of the said Annuities; and that subsequent to this Transaction, the Affairs of the said Company were, by a Course of Mismanagement and Miscon-duct in the Directors, greatly deranged and embarrassed, and their Estates, Stock, and Property, were, from Time to Time, loaded with divers other Incumbrances; and the Company, by the Fraud or Mismanagement of the Directors, sustained many heavy Lottes, the Consequence of which was, that the several Annuitants, by virtue of the Powers contained in their Security, entered into Possession of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, and continued to hold the fame, and, subject to their Right and Security, the Estates have been fold under the Directions and Authority of certain Acts of Parliament and Decrees in Law; and that, by virtue of certain Clauses contained in an Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland belonging to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors, it was provided that, in certain Cafes therein specified, the Purchasers of such Estates should continue to hold the Purchase Money, under the Security first taken for the fame, at a Rate of Interest not less than One and an Half per Cent, below legal Interest; and that sundry large Sums of Money have, under the special Provisions in the said last mentioned Act, been paid by the Purchasers of the said Estates of the Company, by virtue of Warrants of the Court of Session in Scotland; and, out of the Money so paid, certain Persons, claiming as Creditors of the Company, have received Sums to a considerable Amount; but there are still very large Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of certain of the Purchasers, amounting, in the Whole, as is apprehended, to more than sufficient to pay all the just and legal Debts of the Company, to the Surplus of which Monies the Petitioners, the Company, are entitled, in virtue of their Reversionary Right; and that the Liquidation and Establishment of the Debts of the Company, many of which, as claimed, are vary exceptionable, is a Matter of great Importance to them and their just and lawful Creditors, and is attended with such Difficulties, Delays, Inconvenience, and Expence, that the same cannot be effectually done without the further Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty requires Amendment and Explanation, for fully attaining the Ends thereof; and the Petitioners are very desirous to fee full Joffice done to all the lawful Creditors of the Company, and are willing to concur in any Measure that may tend to answer that End with the least Litigation, and at the smallest Expence to their Creditors and themselves: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for completing the Objects of the Sales of the Company's Estates, and applying the Money arising therefrom in the immediate Discharge of their fair and lawful Debts, and to the Advantage of the Company, in such Manner, and ’subject to such Rules, Orders, and Reg-lations as shall appear necessary or expedient; or that the Petitioners may have such other Remedy and Relief in the Premises, as to the llotife shall leein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the lloul'c.

And it is referred to Sir James Cockburne, Mr. Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mondag Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 17° die Novembris;

Anno 24® Georgii IIP41 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

CjtOHN Christian Splitgerber and Sebastian SplitgerbeA, J took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Na- &c’ NaL turalization.

Sir William Cunynghame presented to the House, Borrows-according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of j°un!,ess. Proprietors of the Borrmvstounness Navigable Cut or av, J

Canal, more effectually to complete and maintain the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Clitbern* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out' a new Writ Wnt* for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroc, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of John Lee,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambrige the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the University electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Wnt' for the University of Cambridge, in the room of James Mansfield, Esquire, who since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Somtrset Journal of the House, of the Eighth Day of July in House, the last Session of Parliament, of the Order, " That " there be prepared, in order to be laid before this " House in the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, a Copy of the Plans, formerly laid before " this House, of the several Buildings to be carried on " at Somerset House, with the Additions since made " thereto, and the Authority under which such Additions were made: And also, an Estimate of the " Sums which will be required to complete the same " respectively, and an Estimate of what will complete " the whole Buildings at Somerset House; with a Particular of the Purposes for which each Building is " intended, and by whom respectively authorized to be " undertaken: And also, an Account of the Sums " received and paid, with the Dates when received " and when disbursed, and to whom disbursed: And " also, an Account of the Sums due on Account of the:

" said Buildings at Midsummer lait," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Plans, formerly laid before this House, of the several Buildings to be carried on at Somerset House, with the Additions since made thereto, and the Authority

Sir E. Impfy.

Supply.

Navy and Army Lfti-mates.

.24 Geo. III. 17® — 18° Novembris. 729

Authority under which such Additions were made: And also, an Estimate of the Sums which will be required to complete the same respectively, and an Estimate of what will complete the whole Buildings at Somerset House, with a Particular of the Purposes for which each Building is intended, and by whom respectively authorized to be undertaken: And also, an Account of the Sums received and paid, with the Dates when received and when Disbursed, and to whom disbursed: And also, an Account of the Sums due on Account of the said Buildings at Midsummer lait.

Mr. North, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of , Principal Secretary of State, to Sir Elijah Knight;

dated Whitehall, 8th July 1782.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Cqntradiccnte, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Rt solved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1784, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above w hat are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Gurrifons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 3 784, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784, be laid before this lloule.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies aril'en within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1783, and the loth Day of October 1783, as well of or for the Ex-Vei» 39.

cess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as allb of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a East India Copy of all the Standing Orders of the East India Company. Company now in Force, as well as those that have been repealed or dispensed with from the lit of January 1778 to the present Time, with the Reasons and Grounds on which they have been repealed or dispensed with.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of the Resolutions of the General Courts of the East India Company in June and October 1782, and of the 7th Instant.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Proceedings House, a Copy of the Record of the Proceedings upon in K. Bench the Indictment, in the Court of King’s Bench, against ^pe/!!ngf Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, a Member of this House. r‘ ln on'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Novembris;

Anno 24® Georgii IIP1'’ Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the East India Commissioners of the Customs attended at the prohibited Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented Goods, to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helens, and private Trade Ware-house in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783; also, what exported during that Period; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1783: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783; also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1783:

And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1782; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1783: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East In Goods prohibited to be w’orn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1782; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1783: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1782, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been since returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1783: And also,

730 18° Novembris ’ 1783.

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in -Great Britain they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1783.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Blfchingly Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir Robert Baronet,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Splitgerber’s, A Bill for naturalizing John Christian Ac. Nat. and Sebastian Fridag, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hartley, Sir William Dolben,: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

East India The House being informed, that Mr. Morton, from Aitkin. the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the -Resolutions of the General Courts of the East India Company, in June and October 1782, and 7th November 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copies, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Such Part of the said Paper which contained the Proceedings of the General Court, on the 7th of November, was, by reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 26th Instant, and a correct Copy of the said Proceedings presented.

Shiilin ford Sir Francis Sykes reported from the Committee, to Road. 8 whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act,

Sailed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s leign, for repairing and widening the Road from

lingj'ord, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Feny, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in 02

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A 6kwas read: And

Mr. John Toovey, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That a Bridge hath been built as directed by the said Act, and a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road — That in performing those Works a large Sum of Money, besides the Tolls, hath been duly expended — That the Sum of 6,200l. is now owing on the Credit of the Act, and that the Debt cannot be discharged, the Bridge be maintained, or the Road be completely amended and kept in repair, unless the Term and rowers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry: And that Sir Francis Sykes, and Mr. Elwes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee East Indie appointed to take into Confederation the State of the Affairs — Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, A<lminiftra'

Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall tlol, ofJu(hcf-appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made feme Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall he sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed, that Mr. White, Clerk Proceedings of the Treasury of the Court of King’s Bench, attended in K. Bench at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, pre* respeaing fented to the House, purfoant to their Order, Mr. Atkmiou.

A Copy of the Record of the Proceedings upon the Indictment, in the Court of King’s Bench, against Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, a Member of this House.

'And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy of the Record of the said Proceedings be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, a Member of this House, do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Produce of Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Taxes. Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783; together with the Totals.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Customs. Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 1779 to Christmas 1780; together with the Totals of such Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Diito.

Account

Customt.

Ditto*

Convicts con-lined in Gaols.

Sir E. Impey.

Commissioners for East India Affairs.

i± Geo. III. 18 — 19a Novembrts, 731

Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1781; together with the Totals of such Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1782; together with the Totals of such Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 1782 as far as the same can be made up; together with the Totals of such Duties.

A Petition of the Magistrates, met at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and other Gentlemen, who are appointed a Committee of Enquiry by the General Meeting of the Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy of the County of Gloucester, convened by the High Sheriff, and held at The Boothall the (ith of October last, in order to take into Consideration the alarming State of the Prisons of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said County has fullered great Inconvenience, for some Years past, from the Increase of Convicts l’entenced to pass long Terms of Imprisonment within the County Gaol, for whom it is found impracticable, at this Time, to provide proper Places, either for Security or Labour; and that the Evil is still further increased by the Delay in removing Transports, who thereby remain, in great Numbers, within the said Pril'on; and, in consequence of lo crowded a Gaol, it appears to the Petitioners, that the safe Custody of such a great Number of desperate Men is become extremely precarious; and that, notwithstanding every Precaution of the Magistrates, the Gaol Fever (of which great Numbers within the Prison have already died) has at length spread itlself in the Count)-, and many innocent Individuals have fallen Victims to its Contagion; and the Petitionres apprehend there is an ablblute Necessity for the Interposition of the Legifla-ture: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Matter into their most serious Consideration, and adont such Means as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this Iloufe, Copies of all Letters from Sir Elijah Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature in India, to any of His Majesty Ministers, in Answer to their Letters recalling him from Bengal.

Ordered, That the said Address be preferred to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the Possession of Vol. 39.

" the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time, and under " certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and " Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies', and " for reviving and continuing, for a further Time, lb " much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for establishing certain Regulations for the better Ma-u nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company,

" as well in India as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course.of the present Year; and for indemnifying " the said Company for any Money they have paid, or " may pay, in or about the building of Three Ships of " the Line for the Service of the Public," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the 29th Day of April 1782, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which had been made from the Comnjittees of Secrecy, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, and which were then agreed to by the House; together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the 16th Day of May 1782, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which, upon the 28th Day of the same Month, were agreed to by the House; together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public: And that Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. North, Lord John Cavendish, and Mr. Erskine, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India: And that Mr. Secretary Fox,

Mr. North, Lord John Cavendish, and Mr. Ersk’ine, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Call of tb« Day Fortnight, the 2d Day of December next. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Novembris;

Anno 240 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That Answer t.

their Address of Monday last (That His Majesty Address. would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Eliimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

The Earl Ludlow also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the

Copie#

73^ i9° — 2°° No /i. 1783.

Copies of the Letters therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Excite. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, for Three Years, ending Midsummer 1782, distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each , Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper); together with the Totals of the Amounts for each Year.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper) j together with the Totals of the Amounts.

Low Wines. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Com, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of London from that of the Country.

Ditto. Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Corn, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1782 as far as the feme can be made up, distinguishing the Produce of London from that of the Country.

Ditto. Orderred, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Melasses, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1782, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of London from that of the Country.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Melasses, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1782 as far as the same can be made up, distinguishing the Produce of London from that of the Country.

R*c«i[>t A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other

Duty. Tradesmen, of the Town and Liberty of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable tl otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new w Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promifl'ory and " other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receiptsand Alledging, that the Continuance of so much of the said Act, as relates to imposing a Stamp Duty on Receipts, would subject the Petitioners to the Payment of the said

Duty in very unequal Proportions, and moreover would be found exceeding vexatious to them, in the Progress of their respective Trades and Concerns: And therefore praying, That l'o much of the said Act, as relates to imposing a Stamp Duty on Receipts, may be repealed, or Inch other Relief given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Commit- Splitgerber’s, tee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Christian Splitgcrber and Sebastian Fridag, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the 'House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20® die Novembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. North presented to the House, pursuant to sir E. Impey. their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Right honourable Lord Grantham, dated Fort William, in Bengal, 29th January 1783: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey,

Knight, to the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Torwn-shend, dated Fort William, in Bengal, the tlth of March 1783.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift w as read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomki/ns, from import* ai4 the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Export*. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An

Convifl* confined m Gaols.

Supply-

Ways and Means.

East India A flairs — Administration of Justice.

24 Geo. III. 20° — 21* Novembris 733

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called , from Christmas

17S0 to Christmas 1782; diliinguishing each Year, and

each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be penifed by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Berks, at the Assizes for the said County, holden on the 29th Day of July 1783, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in common with the rest of the Kingdom, have luflvred during the late War, by the Difficulties which have arisen in indicting the due and acculiomed Punishment on Offenders not sentenced to die, or intended to suffer capitally; and that the Petitioners find the same Difficulties still continue, and their Gaol is inconveniently full of Convicts, from whence much Danger arises of Escapes, and of infectious Distempers that may spread, first among Prisoners of all Sorts, and afterwards among the Inhabitants of the adjacent Town and County; and that the Blef-sings of Peace being now restored, the Petitioners conceive M cans may be found to correct the aforesaid Offenders, so as to prevent a Continuance of those Inconveniencies. and to chastise the said Offenders in such Manner as to make them public Examples, which is the first Object of all Punishment: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tuble.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty-six thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, including Four thousand Four hundred and Ninety-five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty-six thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally‘read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, delivered in to the House an Appendix to the Report which was made from the said Committee upon Tuesday last.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Vol. 39.

Appendix be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendix is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Francis Sykes presented to the House, according Shillingford to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road-of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Rangbourne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Receipt last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Duty*

" repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on " Receipts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts, and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law: And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu,

Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Sheridan, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, ac- Commission-cording to Order, a Bill for vesting the Affairs of ers Raft the East India Company in the Hands of certain Com- India A&ir*> missioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors, and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21a die Novembris;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Grand Jury of the County Conviascon-of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; fined in Gaol* Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, at the Great Session held at Mold, in and for the said County, the 2d Day of September 1783, presented the Gaol of the same County for being ruinous, insufficient, too small, and incommodious for the Reception and Security of Prisoners, therefore intend to repair and enlarge the fame; but apprehend that after it shall be so enlarged, it will Hill be insufficient to contain the great Increase of Criminals which may be ex-pefted to remain therein after Conviction from Year to Year, through want of feme Mode of Punishment being adopted in lieu of Imprisonment; and that the Prisoners at present therein are numerous and very sickly, so that the Petitioners cannot be without Ap-9 A prehensions

734 ai° Novembris. ^.1783.

prchcnfions as to the Gaol Distemper, and therefore submit to Parliament the prclling Necessity of their directing how Convicts Ilia 11 be disposed of in future, without confining them in Prison.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Borrows* A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the touunei's Na- Borroxcstounness Navigable Cut or Canal more effec-

vigotion. tually to complete and maintain the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

liam Cunynghame, Sir James &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ilorflum Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of James Esquire, de-

ceased.

tviggenhall A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Drainage. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of certain Marsh Fen Lauds, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of hall, Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Martli and Fen Lands, and Low " Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Mary

"Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk; " and Setting forth, That the Cqjnmissioners appointed by the said Act have, in pursuance thereof, atfeffed and rated the Lands and Grounds bounded and described by the said Act, borrowed considerable Sums of Money thereon, and erected Mills or Engines, and other Works, and made Drains, Cuts, and Sewers, and for draining the fame, from which the Owners and Proprietors have received Benefit; but the said Engines and other Works are become ruinous and decayed, and are found insufficient for the perfect draining of the said Lands and Grounds, and the said Drains, Cuts, and Sewers are choaked and filled up, and the present Tax of Two Shillings per Acre, granted by the said recited Act, is now insufficient to pay the Interest of the Sum borrowed on the said Tax, to repair and amend the said Engines and Works, cleanse and open the said Drains and Sewers, and make such new Works as are necessary for the better and future draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers given in and by the said Act, for the Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Audi appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Eduard Astley, Mr. Frederick Montagu, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

York Build-inj:* Cum-

A Petition of Sir James Winter Lake, Baronet, George llnss, George Drummond, Samuel George

Holland, Joseph Faikncy, Esquires,' and the Reverend

James Liplrott, Clerk, on Behalf of themselves, and of all others the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Second

03

and Third Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for incorporating " the Proprietors of the Water Works in -

" ings, and for encouraging their carrying on and

" settling the said Water Works," the said Governor and Company were incorporated, and enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to them and their Successors, and give, grant, demise, alien, and dispose of their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, and do and execute all other Things by their Name of Incorporation that to them should appertain, and to use a Common Seal to serve for all their Business; and the said Act: appointed a Governor and Six of the said Company, to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company; and that, at a General Court of the said Company, held the 27th of October 1719, several Orders and Bye Laws were made, for better regulating their Affairs, and improving their Undertakings, and for purchasing forfeited Estates in Great Britain; and it was, among other Things, ordered, that the Company would open a Subscription. at Mercers Hall, Londem, for raising a Stock of 1,200,000 L for purchasing forfeited and other Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for alluring Lives, for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock, which was immediately put in Execution, and several Persons subscribed to the Amount of 1,200,000l. and paid in 10/. per Centum of the Sum subscribed; and the said Resolution for raising the said Joint Stock of 1,200,000l. was ordered to be carried into Execution, by purchasing Estates forfeited and otherwise in Great Britain; and that the said Governor and Company, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates " in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be " fold for the Use of the Public," purchased of the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said Act, several forfeited Estates in Scotland, and also divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Northumberland, of the Yearly Value of 2,684/. which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Lord lViddrington, and for all which the Governor and Company agreed to !pay 308,093 /. 14s. 7; and

that, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of King George the First, the said Governor and Company were impowered to fell or incumber the said Estates so purchased, or to be purchased, with any Debts or Incumbrances in Law or Equity, as any others might do who had Estates in Fee Simple; and also had Power given to them to grant Rent Charges to the Yearly Value of such Estates, and no further, and to enable the Company to pay, for the Use of the Public, the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates they were impowered to raise, such Sum as should be necessary for that Purpose, by calling in or directing the same to be paid by their respective Members, according to their respective Interests. in the Stock of the said Governor and Company; and that, by a Clause in an Act of the Seventh of George the First, it was enacted, that for the better enabling the Company to raise and pay to Government the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, the said Company might grant and fell Rent Charges and Annuities to the full Extent of such Estates so purchased by Way of Lottery, and that any Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in that Method might purchase such Annuities of the said Governor and Company; and that, pursuant to the said several Acts, the said Governor and Company granted several Annuities for the Lives of the respective Annuitants, in the several Grants named, or their Nominees, to the Amount of 12,000l. per Annum, and, for securing

24 Geo. III. 2i°'Novembris. 735

the Payment thereof, issued Bonds to . the Annuitants, due and payable, the Company in October 17.31 agreed York Build-with a Claul'e of Entry and Distress on the said Com- to open a Subscription for raising 100,000 /. for dif- ,nss c’om-pany’s Lands, on Failure of Payment of the said charging the Company's Bonds, the Principal and ,>doy lules* Annuities; and that, by Indenture bearing Date the Intern ft’ whereof then amounted to 80,000l., and that 26th Day of August 172,5, between the Governor and accordingly, by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated Company of the one Part, and divers Persons therein the 17th and 1 Sth of January 1731, and made between, named, on Behalf of themselves and the other Pro- the Governor and Company of the one Part, and Sir printers of Annuities or Rent Charges payable by the William Billers, John Lawton, and Nicholas laid Company, who should become Parties to the said Elquirps, of the other Part, they the said Governor Indenture, the said Governor and Company cove- and Company did bargain, fell, release, and confirm, ranted with the Proprietors, that they would within to the said Sir Billers, and the other Trustees,

Twelve Months procure from the Commissioners and their Heirs and Assigns, the several Honours, Manors,

Trustees of the forfeited Estates, One or more Con- Lands and Hereditaments, lying in Scotland, therein veyances of all the Honours, Manors, and Lands in let forth, which were purchased of the Commissioners Scotland, and that immediately after they would and Trustees of the forfeited Estates by the Company; execute such Conveyances to such Persons as should and also, all the several Manors, Lands, and Here-be appointed by the said Proprietors, or a Majority ditaments, lying in Northumberland, late the Eftale of of them, of all their Manors and Lands in Scotland, the late Lord also purchased by the

to be limited to such Trustees, and the Heirs of the said Company, and all other the Estates of the said Survivor, in Trust, and for the Use of the Company, Company in Great Britain, purchased of the said Com-until Default be made in the Payment of any Annuity missioners and Trustees, subject nevertheless as to the or Rent Charge belonging to the said Parlies, or who said Estates in Scotland, at all Times, to the Payment should then after become Parties, and whole Annuity of the Annuities granted by the said Company, and or Rent Charge had been granted by the said Com- wherewith the said Company's Estates in Scotland were puny, and alter any Default in Payment of the said then chargeable, to hold the said Honours, Manors,

Annuities, then to the Use of such Persons who were Lands, and Premises, as well in as,

or should be entitled to such Annuities, till the same subject as aforesaid to the said Sir William Billers, and

and all the Arrears, with Costs, should be fully paid the other Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, and satisfied, and after such Payment made, then to upon 1 rust, that they, or the Survivor, or the Heirs the L’le of the said Company and their Assigns for of such Survivor, should, out of the Rents of the said ever; and that, by a Deed dated the 13th of October Premifl'es, or by Sale or Mortgage thereof, or of

1727, the said Company did convey to certain Persons any Part thereof, or otherwise, raise such Sums as

therein named, Trustees for the find Annuitants, their should in the first Place be sufficient to pay, Half several Manors and Estates in Scotland, and all the Yearly, the Interest of all and every the Bonds to be Company’s Right thereto, provided that the said An- given under the Seal of the Company to the several nuitants or Trustees should not dntcr into Possession Subscribers to the Proposals annexed to the said In-thereof, or l'ue for the fame, unless on Default of denture, till the Principal Money due on such Bonds Payment of the said Annuities; and that the Governor should become due and payable; and, in Default of and Company neglecting to pay the said Annuities, Payment of the said Principal, when due and payable the Trustees for the Annuitants, in 1732, entered into, by the Company, that then the said Trustees, and their Post'ession of all tire Manors and Estates in Scotland, Heirs, might, by Sale of the said Estates, or any which, in the Year 1734, amounted to the Net Part thereof, or of the Reversion thereof, subject to Annual Rent of 9,767/. 15$. 3ld.;and it appears the Demands of the said Annuitants, raise Money and that the Annuities, on the 2d of December 1734, payoff the said Principal and Interest due on the said amounted to the Yearly Sum of 9,168/. 5 s.9 d.;lb Bonds till paid, and, after Payment of the said that, at the Time of the Trustees first entering into Principal and Interest, and all Colts, Damages, and Possession of the said Estates, the Rents were more Expences whatsoever, which the said Trustees, or the than sufficient to pay the Annuitants by the Sum of said Subscribers. or any of them, might necessarily 599/. los. 3 id.;and that, at a General Court of be put to on Account of the said Trull, then as to the said Company, held the 21st of September 1724, all such Parts of the said Honours, Manors, Lands, it was resolved, that each Proprietor of Stock should and Premisses, as should remain unfold, in Trust for transfer Half his Stock to the Company, in lieu the said Company, and their Successors, for ever; whereof they agreed to give the Proprietors Bonds, and that, at a General Court of the said Company, payable Seven Years after Date, at 4/. per Centum, held the 1 oth of J\larch 1731.it was agreed, that all the valuing the Stock at 13/. per Centum, exclusive of Arrears of Interest due on such Old Bonds, or Slips, the Two Dividends then lately paid thereon; and, should be added to the Principal due on such Bonds* at another Court, held the 21 ft of October 1724, con- and that New Bonds should issue for the whole Prin-firming the fame, the Proprietors transferred Half cipal and Interest; and it was then declared, that of their Stock to Two of the Company’s Servants, in 70,000 /. had been already subscribed, and that the Trust for the said Governor and Company, and there- Interest of the said- Bonds then amounted to 14,000 upon the said Governor and Company issued. out Bonds which would reduce the Surplus wanted to complete or Bills, Penal or Receipt Warrants or Slips entitling the said Subscription to 16,000l., which might be to such Bonds, amounting to 71,20 61.is. 6d. to left for such Proprietors of Bonds as should exchange the several Persons who transferred their Stock in their Old Bonds for New Bonds on the Foot of the Payment for the Half Stock transferred to the Com- said. Subscription; and, at a General Court, held the pany, which said Bonds were made payable to One 24th of March 1731, it was resolved, that the said of the Company’s Servants, his Executors, Admini- Subscription should then be doled, but that the Pro-strators, or Assigns, and made assignable by Indorse- prictors of Bonds and Slips should, notwithstanding, ment thereon, and the said Bonds, Warrants, or Slips, be at Liberty to exchange them for New- Bonds, on thereby became and were negotiable in Exchange Alley, the Foot of the said Subscription, and on the same in like Manner as South Sea and East India Bonds now Terms and Conditions; and it was also resolved, that

are; and that the several Creditors who Avere possessed the Governor and Court of Assistants should make of the said Bonds lb issued in 1724, being in 1731 New Bonds for what should be scribed, and should very pressing and deflrous to be paid the Interest then exchange them for such Old Bonds, or Slips, as were due on such Bonds, which Avas in Arrear for several feribed when offered, and should raise Money Years, and the Principal on such Bonds being nearly on the Remainder in the best Manner they could, not Vql. S9. exceeding

73 6 ii° Novembris. 1783.

York Build- 'exceeding in ail 100,000l. according to the Power Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

ingsCon^t^ given by the said Deed of Trust; and that, in purliiance ' after taking Notice of the Situation of the Adairs of *"* of the said lait-mentioned Resolutions, several of the the said Company, and that the Governor and Coin-Proprietors of the said Old Bonds and Slips did ex- pany who had undertaken the Management of the change and deliver up the same to the said Company, Affairs of the Company, had abused the Truti repoled and accepted of New Bonds for the same in lieu in them, and had long since become insolvent, and thereof, dated the 25th of March 1732, whereby the the Law of Scotland requiring that in all Actions of Company obliged themselves, and their Successors, Sale of Bankrupt Estates, the ranking of the Creditors to pay to Robert Read, one of the said Company’s mult proceed, and first be concluded by Decree, at Servants, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by least to the Avail of the Price of Lands fixed and Indorsement thereon, the principal Sums of such New ltated by the Judges of the Court of Session, before Bonds, on the 25th of March 1735, and in the mean the Lands can be expo fed to Sale, such Sale could

Time to pay him or them I nterest for the lame, at not be obtained by the ordinary Process in a long

5 /. per Centum, Half Yearly, the First Payment to Course of Years, and that the expediting the Sale of be made on the 29th of September next after the Date the Company’s Estates would be the Means of the

of the said Bonds, for Payment whereof the said preferrable Creditors on the said Estates in a little

Company bound themselves and their Successors in Time receiving their just Demands, and would be of a double Penal Sum, and, as a further Security, the great Benefit to the subsequent Creditors of the said said Governor and Company, upon the 25th Day of Company, it was enafited, That it should be lawful October 1732, executed a Deed and Disposition of for the Judges of the Court of Session in and

their Eftutes in Scotland, to the said Sir William they were thereby directed and impowered, without Billers, John Lawton, and Nicholas Paxton, in Trust, waiting the Conclusion of the ranking of all or any of for securing 100,000l. upon which Trust Deed, Seizin the said Governor and Company’s Creditors, to pro-or Enfeoffment was taken, as the Forms of the Law ceed at the Suit, or upon the Application, of any of Scotland direfit; and several other Persons subscribed Person or Persons, having Interest to the Sale of the several Sums to and for the Ute of the said Company, Estates of the Company, lying in Scotland, by Public pursuant to the Terms of the said Deed of Trust and Aufition, to the highest Bidder, or Bidders, and that Subscription, and had the like Bonds delivered to either in separate Baronies, or in finaller Lots, as to them as a Security for the Sums by them subscribed them should appear most for the Interest of the Go-and lent, by which Means Bonds, to the Amount of vernor and Company, and their Creditors; and for 100,000l., issued out under Seal of the said Com- that Purpose the said Judges were thereby impowered pany, which Bonds afterwards became negotiable; and direfited to proceed to the Consideration of the and that, subsequent to the said 25th Day of March Proof then taken, and to take what further Proofs to 1732, divers Calls were made on Proprietors of Stock them should appear necessary of the Rent or Value belonging to the Company, and, in lieu of the Sums of the said Lands hnd Estates, and of the Deductions paid in Consequence of such Calls, the Company issued from the said Rent, and thereupon to ascertain and Bonds to the several Persons who answered such Calls determine the Yearly free Rental of the said Lauds to a very considerable Amount; and other Bonds and Estates, and of the different Lots in which the were issued by the Company in consequence of Sums same ought to be exposed to Sale, and also the Value advanced by the Company, and for other Considera- or Number of Years Purchase at which the said Lands tious, all which Bonds thereby became Debts of the might and ought to be exposed to Public Aufition cr Company, and affefiting their Estates and Properties; Sale; and it was further enacted, That, in pursuance and that no Part of the Principal Money or Interest of such Sale or Sales, or upon the Purchaser or Purdue on the Bonds lo issued by the Company as aforesaid chafers finding Security, as is therein before directed, having been paid, divers Persons, Creditors of the said the Judges of the Court of Session should pronounce Company, on Behalf of themselves, and all others the and give out their Decree or Decrees of Sale, in Creditors of the said Company, exhibited a Bill in favour of such Purchaser or Purchasers, in the same the High Court of Chancery against the said Governor Form and Manner, and to the same Effefit, as such and Company, the Trustees lor the said Annuitants, Decrees are given by the said Court in the Sale of the Trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of Trust other Bankrupt Estates, and that the said Purchasers of the 18th of January 1731, for Payment of their should have good and undoubted Title to the Lands principal Monies and Interest due from the said Com- and Estates purchased by them respcfitively, free of pany; and, the Defendants, having severally put in all Defefits of Title, Incumbrances, and Debts of any their Answers to the said Bill, the said Cause came on Sort, excepting always such of the Debts of the Com-to be heard before the Lord Chancellor Hardwicke ' pany as might be allocated on the said respefitive on the 24th of October 1740, when his Lordship pro- Purchasers, for exhausting the Price offered by them, nounced his Decree, and gave several Direfitions for which should remain a Debt upon the said Purtaking an Account of the Debts under the Deed of chafers on whom the same should be allocated, and a Trust of the 18th of January 1731, and it was or- Charge upon the Lands lb purchased by them respectdered, that the Master should take an Account of tively, until the same should be fully paid up and

what was due to the several Judgment Creditors of the discharged; and it was further enacted, That, in case

Company, and that all the other Creditors of the the ranking of the Creditors should not be settled and laid Company should be at Liberty to come before ascertained by Decree of the Court of Session, before the Master, and prove their respefitive Debts, and the the Time of Payment of the Purchase Money of the Consideration of all further Direfitions was reserved Lands and Estates so to be sold as aforesaid, the Pur-until after the said Master should have made his chafer or Purchasers should continue to hold the

Report, and the said Cause was no further proceeded Purchase Money, under the Security first taken for the

in, than taking an Account of the Debts claimed fume, at such Rate of Interest, not being more than before the Matter under the Deed of Trust of the 18th One Pound and an Half per Centum per Annum under of Jamiary 1731; and that, under and by virtue of the the legal Interest, as the Judges should determine, said Decree, and an Afii of Parliament, made in the until they should ill’ue their Warrants, upon the l irft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Purchaser or Purchasers, for Payment to the Crc-a Sale of Part of the Estates of the Company, the ditors, according as they should be ranked and pre-Creditors under the Deed of Trust, of the 18th of ferred by the said Judges, or for consigning the said Jaiwary 1731, received a considerable Part of their Purchase Money in the Royal Bank in or in

Debts; ami that, by an Act of Parliament, made in the the Bank of Scotland, for the Ule and Behoof of and

to

24 Geo. III. 210 Novembris.

737

to be forthcoming to the Creditors as aforesaid, or for reemploying the Purchase Money in such other Manner as should appear to the Judges to be most beneficial for the Interest of the said Governor and Company, and their Creditors; and, after taking Notice, in the said Act, that it would be prejudicial to such Creditors as, by their Rights or Diligencies, were entitled to early Payment out of the Estates of the said Company, to wait the Conclusion of the ranking of the other Creditors before they could draw their Money, it was enacted, That the Judges of the Court of Scf-lion should, and they were thereby directed, without waiting the clafiing or ranking of the other Creditors, to iliue their Acts and Warrants, upon the Purchaser or Purchasers, for Payment to such Creditors, as had lK-en or should be found preferable on tl*e Estate of the Company, of such Sums of Money as should be found due to such Creditors; and it was further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which should appear to the Judges of the Court of Session to be due to the Creditors under the said Deed of Trust, of the 18th of January 1731, should be paid, by the Purchaser or Purchasers, to the Persons named in the said Act as Trustees for them, to be by them paid and applied to and amongst the Creditors, entitled to the Benefit of the said Deeds, according to their respective Interests; and it was thereby further enacted, That the said Trustees should, within Thirty Days after the Money due to the Creditors under the said Deed of Trust should be directed by the Judges of the Court of Session to be paid to them, give public Notice of the fame, Three several Times, by Advertisement in The London Gazette; and, when the Money should have been (b paid, should give Notice, in the same Manner, within Twenty Days, of their having received the fame; and, in caie any Sum or Sums of Money should not be claimed by any of the said Creditors within Twelve Months after the same should have been received by the said Trustees, or if there should be different Claimants of the fume Fund, the Trustees were thereby directed and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as should remain in their Hands into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to tire Account there ex parte the Trustees; and the Money which should be so paid in, by the said Truf-toes, should be paid, under the Order of the Court of Chanccrv, to such Person or Persons as should be entitled to receive the same; and that, under the Powers and Authorities given by the said last mentioned Act, all the Estates belonging to the York Buildings Company in Scotland have been fold, and thereout the Trustees for the Creditors, under the Deed of Trull of the 18th of January 1731, have been paid the whole principal Monies and Interest due to them, except as to a Sum of 6,529/. 7 6d. which has

been ordered by the Judges of the Court of Session to be paid to them, but which has not yet been received; and that there is now remaining, in the Hands of the Purchasers of the said Estates, the Sum of 280,927/. 6 s. 9 d.which, in the first Place, is applicable to the Discharge of the Debts of the Company, and which said Sum of 280,927/. 6 s. gd. is exclusive of large Balances in the Hands of the Trustees for the Annuitants and the Agents of the Company; and that the subsisting Annuities, chargeable on the said Company’s Estates, do not exceed the Sum of 700l. and the Sum of Money in the Hands of the Trustees, for the Annuitants or their Agents, is greatly more than sufficient to anl'wer the fame; and that a Bill of Revivor and Supplement has been lately filed in the High Court of Chancery by George Holland, Edward Beaver, and others, on Behalf of themselves and ail others the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, against all proper Parties, in order to have the Decree, made and pronounced on the said Cause on Vol. 39.

the 24th of October 1740, and the several Proceedings York Build-in the said Cause, revived and carried into Execution, ing» Corr.-and, in particular, to have an Account taken of what pany Estates* is due to the several Creditors of the Company, for principal Money and Interest on their respective Debts; and that the York Buildings Company is an English Company, and the Debts of the Company were con-trafted in the English Form, and the Petitioners, the Creditors of the Company, live in Englandj and the Petitioners are desirous that the Purchase Monies for the several Estates of the Company may be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account there of the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, in order that the same may be applied and distributed, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, among the Petitioners, and the several Persons who shall appear entitled to the fame; and that the Petitioners, or the Persons under whom they claim, have not received any Interest for their several Securities, or any Part of the principal Monies due thereon, for Fifty Years and upwards, which has been occasioned by the gross Milconduft and Fraud of the Persons who have had the Management of the Affairs of the Company, and the Persons who, of late Years, have assumed to themselves the Character of Governor and Assistants of the York Buildings Company, and the Persons who now take on themselves that Character have withheld all Manner of Information from the Creditors and Stockholders of the Company, concerning the State of the Affairs of the Company; by which Means many Persons, despairing of ever receiving Payment of their Debts, have been induced to fell their Property for a small and very inadequate Consideration, although it appears there is a Fund more than sufficient to answer all the just Debts against the Company; and the Knowledge which the Petitioners, and other Persons interested in the Affairs of the Company, now have of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the Company, has not arisen from any Information of the Persons so assuming to themselves the Character of'

Governor and Assistants of the said Company; and that, as die Purchasers of the said Estates chiefly live and reside in Scotland, out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in England, and as the said Act of Parliament of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the present King is ineffectual for obtaining a speedy Relief to the Petitioners, by a Payment of their just Debts:

Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to have tire large Sums of Money in the Hands of the Purchasers of the Estates late of the York Buildings Company, and in the Hands of the Factors,

Agents, or other Persons, who have been concerned in the Management of the Affairs of the Company, paid into the Bank of England, to be placed to such Account there, and under such Regulations, and subject to such Provisions, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Company, as to the House shall seem meet; or that the House will give to the Petitioners such other Relief,-as shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Arden, Mr. Kenyon, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Christian Split*erb«r’s, Sp/itgej'ber and Sebastian Fridag, was read the Third &c. Nat. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Christian and Sebastian Fi'idag.

9 B Ordered,

Way% and Means.

Adjourn-

ment.

Smuggling.

Supply.

Shillingford Road.

738 2I° — 24° Novembris. 1783.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcomhe Hartley do cafry the

Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Com* m it tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Coramitte1 to move, that they may have Leave to lit again. J

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the lame; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock, prepare Lifts to be put into Glaffcs of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glalfes be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glalfes at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luiuf, 24° die Novembris;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783. Prayers.

ABILL for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Widlingf'ord and Fang to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River litanies at or near Shillingford Ferry, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis

Sykes, Mr. Eluvs, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees, for put- Kirkby Kiting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the <1*11 Road. Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kendall, in

" the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due; and that the said Money, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof, and the same has been made safe and convenient for Travellers and Carriages; but the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term and Powers mentioned in the said Act are enlarged, and feme Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Braddyll, Sir James Lcnc-ther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Se- proceedings

condary on the Crown Side of the Court of King’s in K. Bench Bench, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, respecting at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ^lr-,ukmlon-Order,

A Copy of a Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, in the Cause of the King against Christopher Atkinson,

Esquire.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy be taken into Consideration, at the same Time when the Copy of the Record of the Proceedings upon the Indictment, in the Court of King’s Bench, against Christopher Atkinson,

Esquire, a Member of this House, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That an humble Addiefs be presented to ^ddress — His Majesty, That He will be gralciously pleased to American give Directions, that there be laid before this Iloufe, Trade. Copies of the several Orders in Council, which have been issued by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing " certain Instrunaents from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of America, and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United " States."

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants Commfllon-of England trading to The East Indies, was presented ers for Kart to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill, IndiaAflkirs. for veliing the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit

03 of

Wav? and lltoiia.

PcnGons.

24 Geo. III. 240 Novemhris 739

of the Proprietors and the Public; and felting forth, 'Jliat the said Bill destroys the Constitution, and wholly liibverts the Rights and Privileges granted to the Petitioners by Charter, made for valuable Con-lidcrations, and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament; and that the said Bill operates as a total Conlil'cation of the Property of the Petitioners, by impowering certain Commissioners, to be therein named, to lcize and take Possession of all the Lands, Tenements, lloufcs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, Books, Records, Charters, Letters, and other Papers, Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Money, Securities lor Money, and other Effects, belonging to the Petitioners, and to order and dispose thereof at their M ill and Pleasure; and this without charging the Petitioners with any specific Delinquency, or stating any just Ground by which the Petitioners Rights und Privileges ought to be forfeited, or their Property to he ftized; a Proceeding contrary to the most ('acred Privilege of British Subjects, that of being tried and convicted, upon a specilic Charge, before Judgment is passed against them, in any same whatever: And therefore praying, that the Acts of Delinquency which can be ahedged against the Petitioners, or other jult Ground (if any) for subverting the Petitioners Constitution, and diverting them of their Rig'rts and Privileges, and seizing their Property, by a Meal*ire so alarming, and in a Manner so extraordinary, may he rtaled in Writing, and that the Petitioners may be allowed a reasonable 'Time to answer the fame, and make their Defence thereon; and that the Petitioners niuv he heard, by themselves or their Collide!, against the saul Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners he then heard, by themselves or Counsel, aguiurt the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to H is Si a jetty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the house; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards ruirtng the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-third1 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June *784, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great from the 23d

Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785.-

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Skerulan, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Air. Sheridan presented to the House,

A Lift of Petitions granted to Persons since the 5th of April 17S3, w ho have served the Crown in Foreign Courts, made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Ma-"jtfty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His " Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same " from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating Vo l 39.

" the Afode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and " by supprcfiing or regulating certain Offices therein " mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues " of the Civil LiftAnd also,

A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 5th.

Day of April 1783, made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon " His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the " same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain " Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out " of the Revenues of the Civil List."

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That *the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to EastLoos the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a BurgefB to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East; in the County of CormvaU, in the room of William Graves, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham,

The Orders of the Day, for taking into Coofidera- Proceeding* *» Copy of the Record of the Proceedings upon r£Son. the Indictment in the Court of King s Bench, and the Copy of the Rule of the said Court, in the Cause of the King against Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, a Member of this House; and also, for the said Mr. Atkin^ son's attending in his Place, being read;

And the said Mr. Atkinson not attending in his Place, pursuant to the said Order,

William Shells, one of the Messengers beldnging to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; was called in; and, being examined, gave the House an Account) of his leaving a Copy of the said Order at the said*

Mr. Atkinsons House in Westminster, where *he was in-

formed that Mr. Atkinson was. gone from home, and it was not known when he would return that he also left Copies of the said Order with Mr. s Soli-

citor, and at the House of Mrs. Savile at Clayhill, near Enfield, where Mr. Atkinson resided during Part of last Summer; and that he could get no farther Account of him.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the Copies of the said Record, and of the Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight y and that Afar. Atkinson do then attend this House in his Place;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Se-M vennight, " and inferring the Words, the 24th Day " of January next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words Thursday Sevennight" Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Copies of the said Record; and of the Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight, the 4th Day of December next; and that Mr. Atkinson do then attend this House in his Place.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* and

Morning Mean*.

740 240 — 2 5° Novembris. A. 1783.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

5»w»ly* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 25" die Navembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783

Praters.

Supply Bill; A/T R- Ord presented to the House, according to

Malt Duties. i_Vx Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and terry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the Firift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

County The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Gaol*. Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Sir Charles Banbury do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Smuggling. The Order of the Day being read, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, Westminster Hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjaceot, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And be went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order, made upon Friday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glades, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those, who then, appeared, severally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Glaftes at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear, were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put (he Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glades.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr. Lewis, Mr. FUzwilliam, Mr. St. Andreie St.John, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Francis Eyre, Sir James Cockbume, Mr. Cox, Mr. Strachey, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Sloane, the Lord Muncaster, Mr. Hartley; or any Five of them; And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United Commission-Company of Merchants of England trading to The East ers for Indies, was presented to the House, and read t Setting Indi!i forth, That the Petitioners respectively have been duly elected and admitted to the Office of Directors of the said United Company, pursuant to, and under the Authority of, the Charter of the said United Company, and divers Acts of Parliament, and particularly under the Authority of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India.

" Company, as well in India as in Europe," by which said Act the Petitioners, as Directors of the said Company, are entitled to hold their respective Offices for the Term of Four Years from the Time of their Election, and cannot legally be removed from the same without feme Breach of Duty or Mifeouduft in their laid Offices; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public, whereby it is proposed to remove and displace the Petitioners from their said Offices of Directors of the said Company, and to deprive them of their Franchises and Rights, although the Petitioners are not thereby charged with any specific Offence, whereby the same ought to be, or can be, forfeited; and that the Petitioners cannot but feel the Injury intended to be done to them by the said Bill; in depriving them of their Rights and Franchises without just Cause; nevertheless they would forbear to addrels the House, if more important Considerations were nqt involved in the Measure; but the Petitioners owe it as a Duty to themselves, foperior to any Consideration affecting their legal Rights, to endeavour to avert that Injury which they mult receive in their Characters and good Names, by their Removal in the Manner as proposed to be done by the said Bill; and that their Duty to their Constituents also requires them to represent to the House, that, since the 18th of November Inltant, a general Alarm and Apprehension of the desperate State of the Company’s Affairs hath gone forth to the Public at large, and the Credit of the Company, already affected by the necessary Expenditure of the late War, and unavoidable Participation of the common Calamities which have fallen upon the Whole of the British Empire, hath thereby received a most severe Shock: And therefore praying, That if they are suspected by the House of having been guilty of any Acts of a criminal Nature, that the feme may be specifically stated, a reasonable Time given to make their Defence, and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill; but, above all, the Petitioners entreat, from the Justice of the House, that a public Examination may be immediately made, in such Manner as to the House shall seem fit, into the true State of the Company’s Circumstances, when the Petitioners hope to prove the Situation of the Company’s Affairs to be such, that, with a moderate and temporary Relief from the Wisdom of Parliament, their Credit cannot fail to be firmly established, and the Public Faith preserved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Coun-. fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

24 Geo. lit.

2 6° Novembfls. 741

Mercurii, 26* die Kovembris j Anno 24* Georgii III'" Regis, 1783.

P R A Y E U S.

Answer to ^TMIE Earl Liu!loro reported to the House, That

Addrtfs. A their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would, he graciously plealed to give Directions, That the Copies of the several Orders in Council therein mentioned, might tic laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Smuggling. Mr. FitzxdlHam reported from the Committee who were appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names to be the Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the 1110ft effectual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report to the House upon which litteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lilts accordingly; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; und he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Hie Commitrec find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Hairy Baiujoy, Esquire - - 90

George Dauban/y Esquire - - 9°

Mr. Alderman Xtnniharn - - 9°

// ill/am Baker, Esquire - - m 89

George Dempster, Esquire - - 89

The Kis»ht honourable William Eden - 89

Ji ineheombe Henry Hartley, Esquire - - 89

ftil/iam Hussey, Esquire - - 89

Richard Jackson, Esquire - - 89

JIans Sb ancy Esquire - - - 89

Charles Brett, Esquire - - - 88

Abraham Raulinsoiiy Esquire - - 88

Henry Thornton, Esquire - 88

The Uij'ht honourable Lord Sheffield - - 87

Sir Thomas Dundasy Baronet - - - 86

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Paper The House being informed, that there is a Mistake

withdrawn. in t|)at part of pie paper, containing Copies of the Resolutions of certain General Courts of the East India Company, which contains the Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company on Friday the 7th of November 17S3; which Paper was presented to the House upon the iStli Day of this Instant November;

Ordered,'1 hat Dave be given to withdraw so much of the said Paper as contains the Proceedings of the said G cncrul Court on the said 7th of November, in order to the presenting a cone tit Copy of the said Proceedings instead thereof.

Touray'sNat. A Petition of Michael Peter Touray, was presented Vol. 39.

to the House, and read; Praying., That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley and Mr. Elwes do prepare

and bring io, the fame.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, Supply Bill; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Maltbutiw. the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door: he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A corrected Copy of the Proceedings of the General Court of the U nited East India Company, held on the 7th of November 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Paper, containing the said corrected Copy, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, according Government to Order, a Bill for the better Government of the Terri- of Bast India torial Possessions and Dependencies in India: And the Territones-fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill for Marine the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while Forces, on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Admiral Pigot, and the Lord Duncanmn, do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Receipt ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of ^uty-an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Proiniflbry Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting " New Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory " and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as Velates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Kis Majesty;

9 C Resolved,

1

East India Affairs.

Supply.

Toura/sNat.

East India Affairs.

Kirkby Randall Hoad.

743 a6° — 2 70 Novembris- A. 1783.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Treaty of Peace concluded by Mr. Anderson with Aladajee in May 1782, and ratified by the Pelhwa on the 20th of December following.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27* die Novembris;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

MR. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Treaty of Peace concluded by Mr. Anderson with Madajee Scindia, in May 1782, and which w as ratified by the Pefhwa on the 20th December following.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mf. Braddyll reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, " the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of " Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of

" Lancaster," was referred. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the stud Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which is still owing, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, " and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby dall, in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, " in the County of Lancaster': And that Mr. Braddyll and Mr. Abraham Rawlinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °UUe#*

upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1784, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1782, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1784.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending before the House, for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company in certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public; and that the said Bill, which directs a Seizure and Confiscation of Powers, Privileges, and Property granted by Charter, secured and confirmed by various Acts of Parliament, hath exceedingly alarmed the Petitioners, and raised their Fears and Apprehensions at so unconltitutional a Measure: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Commissioners for Last India Affairs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Irish Post establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage Conveyance, and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Poll between Great Britain and Ireland: And that the Lord North, Mr. Secretary Fox, and Lord John Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, East India. Copies of all Applications to the Commissioners of Company. His Majesty’s Treasury, by the East India Company, respecting. the Acceptance of Bills drawn on the said

Company,

4 Geo. III.

2 70 Novemb.

743

Company, with Copies of the Accounts and Calculations accompanying the said Applications.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Memorial of the East India {Company, relative to the Acceptance of llich Bills of Exchange from India as exceed the Sum limited by Act of Parliament: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary to the

East India Company, to Richard Brinsley Esquire, relative to the Acceptance of Bills from and transmitting lundry Inclol'ures;

Estimate of Cash that may probably be received and paid between the loth of September 1783 and the ift of March 1784, and continued to the ill of March 1788.

Estimate of Goods in Warehouse, unfold on the 10th of September 1783; also, the Colt and Sale Amount of Cargoes arrived, and expected to arrive, in 1783 and 1784.

Estimate of the Value of Goods that may remain in England unfold on the lit of March 1788.

An Account of Bills of Exchange and Certificates accepted, advised, §c. and unpaid, on the ift of September 1783; also, the Amount of Bills drawn from India, which cannot be accepted without the Permission of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Amount of Bills of Exchange drawn from more than can be accepted without the Permission of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury: And also,

Extract of a Letter from the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Public Department, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 16th of April 1783.

And the Titles of the said Papers, Estimates, and Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, Estimates, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers, Estimates, and Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Treasury Minutes relative to postponing the Payment of Monies due from the East India Company to the Public, and to the Acceptance of Bills drawn from India beyond the Sum limited by Act of Parliament

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

Copies of Treasury Minutes, relative to postponing the Payment of Monies due from the East India Company to the Public, and to the Acceptance of Bills drawn from India beyond the Sum limited by Act of Parliament, dated 19th July, 2d August, and 22d November, 1781; 21st March, ift, 17th, 24th, and 29th, April, 24th May, 14th June, 8th July, 3d October, and 17th December, 1782; 14th February, 21ft, 22d, and 26th March, 8th, 15th, and 23d April, 16th and 23d May, ift August, 8th October, and 10th November, i/83-

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the United.Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and also, the Petition of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, were beard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of the said Petition.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Court of Directors of the said United Company were also heard, and examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,')

f Mr. Edward James Eliot,'] ’\Sir George Yongej

....." }

120.

229.

fMr. Secretary at War,

’\Mr. Sheridan:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yester- Way* and day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Mean*, of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yester- supply, day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Four of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for vesting the Affairs of the East Wou 39.

744

i° Decembris. 1783.

Luna, 1° Decembris Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 17831 Prayers.

Touray’sNat. Jff IC HA E L* Peter Tour ay took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Conrids con- A Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of

fined in Gaols. Oxford, for himself and the Grand Jury of the said County, assembled at the Assizes holden for the said County, on Wednesday the 30th Day of July 1783, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Grand Jury then assembled took into Consideration the Number and State of the Prisoners confined in the Castle Gaol of the said County, when it appeared there were about Twenty Convicts under Sentence of Transportation and conditional Pardon, and that some of them (who are sentenced to be lent, to Africa) were of Dispositions the moll daring and dangerous, and that the Prisoners confined in the said Castle Gaol were very unhealthy, though every Precaution had been taken by the Magistrates of the County to prevent it; and it also appearing, that Two Convicts, under Sentence of Transportation to had made

their El'cape from the said County Gaol since a Resolution of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury, assembled at the Assizes holden for the County of Oxford, on the 5th of March last, had been delivered to the Right honourable Lord North, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, complaining of the Inconveniencies above mentioned; and it not appearing that any Measures had, or were soon likely to be taken, for the Removal of the several Convicts, according to their respective Sentences, the High Sheriff and Grand Jury therefore pray, That the House will take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.'

Ditto. A Petition of the Chairman of the General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, for himself and other His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Oxford, assembled at the said Sessions, held at Oxford, in and for the said County, on Tuesday the 7th of October 1783, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Chairman and Justices then assembled took into Consideration the Number and State of the Prisoners confined in the Castle Gaol of the said County,' when it appeared there were Twenty-two Convicts under Sentence of Transportation and conditional Pardon, and that some of them (who were sentenced to be sent to Africa) were of Dispositions the most daring and dangerous; and it not appearing that any Measures, notwithstanding an Application had been made to His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, complaining of the said Inconvenience, had, or were soon likely to be taken, for the Removal of the said several Convicts, according to their respective Sentences, the said Justices therefore pray, That the House will take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Andevor A Petition of the Bailiff, Approved Men, and

inclosure. Burgesses, of the Borough of Andevor, Lords of the Manor of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, and Proprietors of divers Lands lying in the Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the same Manor, under their Common Seal, and of the several Persons, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, the Common 20

Fields, Common Woods, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Places, lying within the Parish of Andevor, in the County aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Common Fields, Common Downs,

Common Woods* Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement, but would be greatly improved, and rendered of greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the said Parish of Andevor, with such Powers, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lethieullier and Sir John Griffin Griffin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Braddyll presented to the House, according Kirkby K«n* to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term Uoad. and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-' " pair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County " Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of " Lancaster" And the same was received; an,d read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray, was Touray’sNtt. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Scotland — the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Imports and at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Exports, fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, Scotland, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and Malt Duties, granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

24 Geo. lit.

i* Decembr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House* ingrossed. by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light

Army Mr. Secretary at ar presented to the House, pur* Dragoons and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in

Estimatei. suant to theii; Address to His Majesty, East India, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also, other His Majesty Laud Forces, in Great Britain, Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783 to master General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Hays: Secretary at War, to the Cominissary General of the

And also, Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comp-

Estimate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His trailers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Majesty’s Hanoverian Foot in Great Britain, from 25th Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their re-June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, spefilive Offices, of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be being 183 Days: And allb, paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year ' Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, 1784, being 366 Days.

from 25th Decembet' 1783 to 24th December 1784, both And the Titles of the said Estimates were rea^ inclusive, being 366 Days: And also, The said Estimates are as followeth; vt*.

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days, for the Year

1784.

Vo 1. 39.

9 D

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Gamfons, and other His Majesty s Land Forces, in Great , Guernsey, and from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784*

both inclusive, being 366 Days.

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non Qommi (Honed Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency. Allowance to Captains, Paymasterts Surgeons, and Riding Matters, Ac. TOTAL.

S. d. £ t. d. £ S. d. s* cl* £ s. d. £

r First Troop of Life Guards - - 181 »7,653 8 —

1 Second D* - - - - 181 17,653 8 —

Horse. < t First Troop of Grenadier Guards - - 177 10,900 14 —

Second D* - - - - 176 10,772 12 —

„ Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 319 26,126 6 —

1,034 83,106 8

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - 345 - - 15.333 U 3 1,637 7 11 335 16 8 558 17,864 18 10

Second D* - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

Third D* - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

Dracroonq ( Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons - - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 n 1 1 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

Lieutenant General Prestons - - - 231 - - 10,515 10* 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

Lord Southampton's - - - 232 - - 10,518 9 9i 1,091 11 11 226 17 5i 372 12,248 *9 2

General Carpenter's - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

Lieutenant General Johnstone's - - 231 1 o6q 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5 OAT i ty

I f Sir Henry Clinton's - . 231 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5 10^>347 12

I idht J 1 Lieutenant General Pitt's - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

TJracrnnm 1 1 Lieutenant General Johnstone's - - - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

A/iaRUviUt 1 Sir George Augustus Eliott's - - m 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 12 5

v Major General Hars m - 231 - - 10,515 10 8 1,091 11 11 226 9 10 372 12,205 1? 5

- 1 V55 61,028 2

d.

6

x

00

Vol 39. ESTIMATE

Foot

Guards.

Foot.

Invalids.

Fiift Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of D°

Third Regiment of D

r Lieutenant General Prescot's Regiment Major General PiSon's -Major General O'Haras -Sir William Howe's -Lieutenant General Tayler's Lieutenant General Massey's Lieutenant General Grey's Sir Robert Pigott's -Lieutenant General Boyd's Sir Robert Hamilton's -General Cary's -Lieutenant General Walsh's Lieutenant General Baugh's Major General Mathczv's -Major General Leslie's -Lieutenant General Pomeroy s -

Lieutenant General Wrens Regiment -Thirty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -For recruiting His Majesty’s Forces, for^ 1784, upon Account - - - J

Total -

1,649

1.058

1.058

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

471

410

1,620

% I M*

[ cv

3.765 8,553 — 7 1,287 14 6 162 10 — - -: . 446

- 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8415 11 7 1.287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

m 8,415 11 7 1,287 *4 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446 *

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 - 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

- - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446

7,536 0 m 7,709 4 1 59° 3 6 211 36 1,040 3,600

- - 27,i5» 13 — 2,305 16 — 814 7 —

2,030 792 13 10 - -

17,483 £.311,210 12 9! 39,028 16 3 6,661 4 — f 16,798

46,106 17 — 29,841 4 — 29,896 2 —

10,449

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

10.310

5 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11

11 6 11 6

11 11 11 11

9»55° 11 1

33,871 16 —

29,811 5 ~

105,844 3 —

165,107 17 7

43)422 7 1

30,603 18 10 20,000-----

23,700----

636,160 9

War Office, "I D 7

ill December .783- I R‘

O

tn

O

b

S

r

<1

4*

'4

V

w >

ft

Army

kUmiutrt.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Numbers. Pay for 183 Days.

Prince Ernst*,s Regiment - * m m m 475 £ s. d. 4,653 18 4f

Major General Count Taubes D* - - 475 4,717 19 4*

Total m m - 950 1-9*37 1 17 9

War Office, _ .

1st December 1783. / FllzPaik-

estimate

Garrisons

CO

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784,

both inclusive, being 366 Days.

o

M

O

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. %0 *1 Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Pay mailers, and Surgeons. T 0 T A L. 1

£ s. d. i £. s d. s. rf. £. s. d. s. d. £. d.

Lieut. General Style s Regiment of Foot - - 471 - 8,415 11 1 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Armstrongs - - - 47* - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6 /%

Lieut General Cunynghames - - - 47» m 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Morrison's - OB - - 47 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut General Graeme's m - - 47» - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Tryon's - - - 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6 /

General Parslm's - - - 47 ‘ - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Clarke's m 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Earl Cornwallis's * m - 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lord Frederick Cavendish's - - 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Fletcher's - m - 47» - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 ! l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Sir John Dalling's - - 471 m 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lord John Murray's lft Battalion - - 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Rainsford's Regiment m - 471 - - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446 10,310 11 6 n

Lieut. General Elphinstones - - 471 - - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 0

Lieut. General Frederick's - m - 47i - - 8,415 u 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

Lieut. General Grant's - - - 47» - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6 /

Major General J. Campbell's m - - 471 - a. 8,415 n 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 / 6

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - - 943 n aq, 1 17,071 13 10 1 2,575 9 324 13 6 892 20,863 16 4 206,454 3 4

1 1

W

r

VO

w>

fs

STIMATE

Pay of Commissioned, Charge of Clothing

Non-commissioned of Non-cominiffinned Allowances to

CORPS. Numbers. Officers and Private Officers and Private Agency. Captains, Paym ifters, T O T A L.

Men. Men. and Surgeons.

£ S. d. £. S. d. £. S. d. £. s. d. £. S. d. £ s. d.

Garrisons of Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia,

Halifax, Placentia, St. John’s in Newfoundland, Louilbourg, St. John’s Island, Providence, 1

4,482 — 5

Garrisons in Grenada, St. Vincent, and Dominica - 2,114 17 6

Officers serving with the Forces in North America - . i,733 10

GIBRALTAR.

Lieut. General Jones's Regiment of Foot Major General Francis Smith's - - - - 471 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 11 6

471 - 8,415 1 1 7 1,287 '4 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 1 1 6

Sir John Sebright's ---- 471 - 8,415 1 1 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 1 1 6

Lord George Lennox's 471 - 8,415 1 1 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 1 1 6

Earl of Ross's ----- 471 - 8,415 11 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 44 10,310 11 6

Sir David Lindsay's ---- 471 2,826 8,415 1 1 7 1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 10,310 1 1 6 61,863 0

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - 3,565 2 6

Contingencies upon Account for the Forces - 4,000 — —

Total - - 12,247 219,045 1 1 10 33,480 17 — 4,195 3 6 11,596 - - 284,213 2 9

<1

Cn

O

w

War Office, 1 lft December 1783.]

R. Fitzpatrick.

00

4 Geo. III. i° Decembris. 751

Army

Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days,

for the Year 1784.

War Office, ~l ill December 1783./ R. Fitzpatrick.

Vo l. 39-

ESTIMATE

t

ESTIMATE

-J

cr*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December i7"4>

both inclusive, being 366 Days.

c 0 r r s. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowance! to Captains, P&ymasters, and Surgeons. TOTAL.

£"W"’s Regime - - - ' Major General St. John's Regiment -Lord Jri Murray's 2d Battalion Foot \ General Trapaud's Regiment - Lord M1 Lead's ill Battalion -»Major General Jd Murray's Regiment - 1,222 918 1,220 1,297 1,296 413 m 5,953 £ s. d. 10,410 18 11 16,892 2 3 12,805 15 6 12,855 10 1 17,851 6 11 17,473 6 10 d. W57 15 4 3,327 11 7 2,514 — 8 3,312 12 8 3.513 16 10 3.513 16 10 £. s. d. 187 15 1 282 16 1 239 6 — 282 6 7 292 19 1 2S9 11 10 £. s. d. 427 16 — 843 5 ~ 761 2 6 843 5 — 861 10 — 861 10 — £. s. d. 21,345 Ml 11 ^6,320 4 8 ^1,293 14 4 22,519 1^ i° 22,138 5 6 £. s. d. 13,284 5 4 cr 1 103,617 12 3

'i’OTAL - £.

Total - - - - 6,366 92,289 — 6 18,439 13 11 1,574 14 8 4,598 8 6 116,901 17 7

Memorandum. — By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East " Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will be neceflhry to provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present, for this Purpose, the Sum of tight thousand Two hundred Fifty-t*o Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence, which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

War Office, ill December 1783-

R. Fitzpatrick.

sT

3©

i° Decembris.

753

Shillingford

Road.

Commissioners for East India Affairs.

24 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1784, being 366 Days.

Army

Estimates.

Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, Deputies, Clerks, &c. ——

Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, stated on the Footing of the Year 1763 -

To the Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, &c.

To the Commissary General of the Musters, D*

To the Judge Advocate General, D° ——

To the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, D°

Total for Offices -

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry on Account, for 1784 -

Total

Charge for 1784.

£. s. d.

18,689 m 1 8

19,640 13 7

9»977 3 5

3,260 13 3

2,211 14 2

4,370 — —

- - £.

£. s. d.

58,149

9,402

6 1

8 —

67,551 14 1

War Office, lft December 1783.

R. Fitzpatrick.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Pmvney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paded in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road from Shillingfm'd, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wffiich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with " the United Company of Merchants of England trading " to The East Indies, for the Payment of she Sum of Four " hundred thousand Pounds for the Use of the Public, " in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and De-" mands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of " the said Company was reduced to One Million Five Vol. 39.

hundred thousand Pounds, until the First Day of 11 March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, " in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues 41 lately obtained in The East Indies; and also, for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein " mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear " Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for " granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the " foie and exclusive Trade to and from The East Indies, " and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing cer-<f tain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the said Company, as w ell in India as in " Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the " said Company," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeltalbrfeY^;^.

Tellers for the Noes ^The Lord

tellers for the woes, ^Mr Jrden.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means.

9 F whole

5*217.

J

1103-

754

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refcrlve dtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Four of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A. 1783.

and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Elwet reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing M Peter was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

i° — 3® Decembris.

Touray’sKat-

Mercurii, 3° die;

Anno 24® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Bor-

rowstounness Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrawstounness Navigable Cut or Canal more effectually to complete and maintain the feme; and setting forth, That, if the Petitioners were enabled to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Cut or Canal, in case the Subscriptions should fall short of the Money necessary to complete the same, the Purposes of the Act for making the said Navigable Cut or Canal would be more effectually answered, and the Petitioners enabled to complete the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideradon of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

Diatdas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the Borough of in the County of

York, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen and Clergy redding in the same Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Stamp Duty lately imposed on Receipts given for Money, by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, appears to the Petitioners to be an oppressive Tax, partial in its Operation, and highly detrimental to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Receipt Tax may be again taken into the Consideration of the House, and that the same may be either repealed, or receive such salutary Regulations as may, to the Wifdoin of Parliament, seem belt adapted to alleviate the present Burthens thereby thrown on Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

; An ingrossed Bill, for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Bills, out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year Ooe thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-three."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sura " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-three."

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expences of into and consider of the Expences incurred by the Committees Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons employed by the Committees of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the ' Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also, by the Select Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa; and also, in Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Miftlemeanors, committed by them whiift they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President,

Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks, Solicitors, and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions; and to report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Dan-das, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Richard Smith, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Genera],

Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Mahon, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Mr. Gregory, Mr. Grenville., Mr. Powys, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Yorlce, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Ord,

Mr. Orde, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Jackson, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Macdonald, Mr. North, Mr. Ellis, Sir George Howard, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Rouse, Mr. Far-rer, Mr. Long, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Demp-

ster, Mr. Graves, Mr. Pulteney, Sir William James, the Lord Fairford, Mr. William Morton Pitt, Mr. Baker,

Mr. Anmsley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Strahan: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Pains and last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to pro- pena!*‘f? ?n " vide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depend- um ’ c " ing in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and " Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of " Public Trust, and High Crimes and Miftlemeanors,

" committed by them whflft they respectively held

" the

Victualling

Offic®.

24 GEa III. 3° Decembris.

755

" the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors " and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, " in The East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any " Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of May 1782) for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Pemwg’/ Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public TrulL and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies.

The House was moved, That so much of the Report which, upon the 8th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Officers and Clerks now or late in His Majesty’s Victualling Office at Portsmouth; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners for victualling His Majestys Navy, were severally referred, which dates that it will be highly necessary to prosecute the Enquiry in the ensuing Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses that have been, or may be alledged to have been, committed in the Victualling Office Departments j and that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Dun-cannon, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Ord, Mr. Jolliffe, I/)rd John Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Earl of Surrey, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Brett, Admiral Pigot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Keene, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Orde, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Baker, Mr. John Luttrell, Mr. Plamer, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Minch in, Mr. Hussey, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Smith, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Drake, Mr. Masterman, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Gascoyne, Senior, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. St. John, Sir Henry Hoghton, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Powys, Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Arden, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Byng, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Eden, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hants, Wiltst Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Lincoln, York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, Durham, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, and the City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Vol. 39.

Principal Officers and Clerks now or late in His Majesty’s Victualling Office at Portsmouth; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty s Navy, which were severally presented to the House upon the 21st Day of March, and the 16th and 19th Days of June, in the last Session of Parliament, together with the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to Smuggling, enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Government of Government the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India, of E^Jt India

j c 1 rP. r Territories.

be now read a Second lime.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend so much Receipt of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Duly* intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, ititituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon *€ Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other " Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and " for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange,

" Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties " on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts, and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commission-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of !rsrforA£?ft the Bill for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company 11 ld 1 dl1* in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be Efficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply.

next,

756 3° — 4° Decembrist A. 1783.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4° die Decembris;

Anno 24* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

Sorrow*- Q I R William Cunyngh reported from the Com-tnunnes* O mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Navigation. Proprietors of the BoiT Canal Navigation was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relating to Navigation Bills; it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed, viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Brown being examined, said, That if the said Company of Proprietors were impowered to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Cut or Canal, in case the Subscriptions should not be sufficient, the Purposes of the Act for making the said Canal would be more effectually answered, and the said Company of Proprietors enabled to complete the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstounness Navigable Cut or Canal more

effectually to complete and maintain the fame, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to enable the said Company of Proprietors to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Cut or Canal.

The House being informed that Mr. from Exchequer

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Bills, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and <{ Eighty-threeAnd also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-three."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth, viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three."

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the abovementioned Act, amount to the Sum of

One Million.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1783.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three."

The Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of the abovementioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million One hundred Sixty-nine thousand Four hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1783.

John Hughson.

Ordered,

Ordnance

Ultimate.

24 Geo. III.

4° Decembris.

757

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the State of the Debt, and Estimate of the Charge, of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Office of Ordnance for Land Service, 1784.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said State Mr. Minchin presented to the House, pursuant to their and Estimate, was read.

Addrefe to His Majesty, The said State and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

STATE of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can at present be ascertained; viz.

£/:+ 1: A 0‘Til3 M A 4ITJ4K

JC

DEBENTURES made out, and unpaid:

For Stores supplied and Services performed - -

Sundry Freights *-----

Gunpowder

Small Arms -

lo -i fain )

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot, and Shells -

wain

d,

The Remainder of the Debt, not ascertained by Debenture, is estimated as

follows; viz.

£. e.

Hire of Store Ships..... . 60,82018 3

Due for Salt I’etre — on Account of Interest, and for Services performed,

and Accounts not adjusted ----- - 96,287 — 9

Sums estimated to be necessary to defray the Expence of sundry Heads of

Service, to 31 December 1783 - - - - 207,676 15 8

t St dm

Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Fleet in the

East Indies, payable in January 1784 - 67,729 3 3

D\ of which Advice has been received, but the Bills not yet presented ----- 20,862 13 3

--------88,591 16 6

Warrants and Orders issued for Stores, the Bills for which are not delivered in, but are supposed to, amount to about - 64,000----

433,489 7 2

64,109 12 10

107,155 8 3 68,475 16 7 295,017 6 7

968,247 11 5

jo j

ft ?

Towards the Payment of which, there remains in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance -

L d.

Due on the Grants by Parliament - 502,935 10 8

Dcduft,

Sums proposed to remain for the Disposition of

Parliament.....- 51,052196

£ s. d. 47,910 *4 5

4.51,882 11 2

s,* r-

Note. — In the Amount of the Debt, as here stated, is included the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in 1783, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to 111,634/. - -

Which when paid will reduce the Debt to

517,376 n 2

1,485,624 2 7

499,793 5 7 985,830 17 ~

111,634 9 6

874,196 7 6

VOL. 39.

9 G

EX PEN C E

Ordnance Efij mates.

4® Decetnbris.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s

provided for by Parliament, in 1783.

NORTH AMERICA:

Imp'* for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery -Expence of Transports ——

Imp" for Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries at New York -

NOVA SCOTIA:

Imp" for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery X)*. ------ - drawn by the Storekeeper at Halifax for

Extraordinaries -

Expence of Transports ——

ISLAND OF ST. JOHN:

Imp" for Bills of Exchange drawn for erecting Fort Charlotte -

PROVINCE OF QUEBEC:

Paid on Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery Expence of Transports

Artificers Tools and Materials sent - -

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Imp" for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery Expence of Transports ——

WEST INDIES AND JAMAICA:

Inij)1* for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery, Leeward Islands -

Expence of Transports, Leeward Islands -

D* - -- Jamaica -

Imp" for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery at Jamaica ——

D* for D*, drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries at D*

EAST AND WEST FLORIDA:

Imp" for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery at East

Florida -.....-

D* - -- drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraordinaries

at D* -

For Building Materials, Tools, &c. at West Florida *

Paul on Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery at D*

AFRICA:

Expence of Transports -

Engineers, Staff, Pay, and Rent of a Storehouse -

t. d.

39,830 17 11

21,053 3 1

OO OO ef 18 —

898 3 6

1,300 —

347 10 —

m m 3,439

2,488 1 3

4,011 12 4

810 5 —

445 14 8

13,162 12 2

12,275 7 4

7,936 10 1

4,665 5 11

579 5 7

4,808 9 10

115 —

i,7f.6 9 10

254 11 — !

8,943 3 —

432

A. 1783.

Orders, and not

£. t. d. 63,072 19 —

Si-

2,545 13 6 424 8 4

9.938 13 7

1,255 19 8

38,619 1 1

6,934 10 8

9.375 3 — EAST

24 Geo. III.

4° Decembris.

EAST INDIES:

Imp* for Bills of Exchange for Staff and Contingencies ot Artillery -

Voted on Account in 1783 -

Expence of Tran (ports -

GIBRALTAR:

Powder, Tents, and other Stores lent -

Voted on Account in 1783

I- s- d-

934 5 3 748 5 —

19.399 8 4

10,000-----

Imp" for Bills of Exchange drawn by Order of the Governor, 34,833 5 7 Voted on Account in 1783 - - 20,000----

Expence of Transports -

MINORCA:

Additional Pay to Engineers and Artillery Officers during the Siege -

SCOTLAND:

Hire of Artillery Horses, Condu&ors, and Drivers -

IRELAND:

Pay and Victualling Two Hulks in Dublin Harbour -

GUERNSEY:

Expence of Transports

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY AND ENGINEERS:

Additional Superannuated and Half Pay Officers and Men -

Pay of Muttroflcs belonging to the Companies of Artillery on Foreign Service, and not yet reduced to the Peace Establishment -Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Staff’, to 31 May 1783, £. 866 6 —

Forage and Incidents - - - - 4,574 13 4

Hire of Artillery Horses ---- 1,068 4 5

Voted on Account in 1783 -

6,509 3 9

6,266 it 1

ARMS, TENTS, AND AMMUNITION FOR THE ARMY;

Arms to 3 Regiments of Dragoons, 1 Regiment of Foot Guards, and to fuiuiry Regiments of Foot -

Additional Supply of Ammunition to the Foot Guards -

Tents to sundry Regiments on Foreign Service -

ARMS AND AMMUNITION FOR MILITIA:

Arms delivered to 3 Regiments of Militia - -

Ammunition to 22 Regiments of Militia -

Barrack Bedding sent to

o

Portlinouth Dover Chatham -Hull

Vox.. 39.

186 — 3 786 10 —

9.399 8 4

14,833 5 7 42,5*8 2 2

S'

1,037 19 7 9.962 4 3

242 12 8

9,947 6 8 587 7 1

i,344 5 10

2,714 17 — 1,198 8 5

759

£. s. d.

972 10 3

66,740 16 1

1,644 18 7

93 14 7

1,916 12 6

1,094 — 2

11,242 16 6

11,878 19 7

3»9*3 5 5 184 19 6 872 8 8 960 8 1

116 4

RIVER

Ordnanct

Estimaies*

Ordnance . Estimates.

760

40 Decembtis.

A, 1783.

RIVER HUMBER: Pay, Victualling, and Expences for 2 Hulks

£ 3.

£. s. d.

2,242 2 — -

EXPEDITION under General Dalling:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, &c. on the Staff -

Voted on Account in 1783 -

Money issued to pay the Interest due on Imprefts paid in 4783

Deduct — Voted for 1783, for Bills of Exchange -D* ----- D* - - - - for the Hire of Transports *

UNPROVIDED

1,246 12 —

15 —

57,5oo----

83,648 8 —

132 17 — 16,609 »5 7

252,782 17 '6

141,148 8 —

I. 111,634 9 6

E S TI M-A T E of the Charge of the-Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1784.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

£. s. d.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and

Attendants, employed at the Tower ----- 14,966 18 —

And at the following Places; viz.

Woolwich ----- - 1,334 10 —

Purfloet ..... ----- - 541 5 —

Gravesend and Tilbury ---- 255-----

Chatham ----- ---- - 600-----

Upnor Castle - - - 80-

Sheerness ----- - 380 — —

Feverffiam - -- 290 — —

Dover - - - - 120 — —

Portsmouth - - - 814 15 —

Priddy’s Hard - -- 205 ——

Plymouth ----- - 644 15 —

Key ham Point - - - 17°-----

I He of Man.....- 166 —

Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and St. James’s - - 226-

fPcndennis, Scilly Island, Chester, Carlisle, Berwick, Tin-Storekeepers at mouth Castle, and Clifford’s Fort, Hull, Yarmouth,

[ Landguard Fort, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Rent for Ule of Land and Houses -Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Establishment of the Office of Inspector of Artillery, and for proving Guns -Establishment of the Superintendant of Military Machines -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

North Britain -

Gibraltar -

St-. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland Quebec ---- *

Halifax -

Gambia - - .

Jamaica -

w Grenada - -

520-----

552 15 — 1,888 5 — 923 7 6 282 17 6

£ 24,961 8 —

s. d.

12,480 14 —

5.55 16 —

L332 14 —

1,281----

845 8 — 603 18 — 237 18 —

183-----

146 8 —

Pay

34 Geo, III. 40

Pay of Master Gunners af the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park, aind the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Tteinains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, 'Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Mefi’ages, and Postage of Letters -Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Pal-lifades, making new and repairing old Carriages in the several Forts and 'Castles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons Fn Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - - - - -

Expence of Shot, Ladles,’ Sponges, Flags, and other l'mall Stores, for the common Duty of Regiments and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and'Jersey - " - " -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tovver - - -'' ' -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers ....

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consistingj of 3,282 Men, OfEcers included( -Kftahlishment of the Royal Military Academy’ atWoolwich -' - ’ - - -

Eft ablish meat of Draughtfmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons

Pay of fu|>crannuate^ and disabled Men — Half Pay of reduced Officers — Widows ^ensions — and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Witfrants '- . Money to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of 542,003/. 16$. tor/, being the Amount of this Elftimate'1 '-

Fee to be paid to the Auditor and Chief Baron, for patting this Account -

£ S. (1. Ordnance Lllimate.

3423 13 —

18,000 — — .

15,000 — -

6,079 4 7

6,000-----

£,006 — — 10,414 13 4

112,490 2 — 1,844 14 —

2,048 2 —

19,232 2 4

1,008 5 6 3i3 '6 8

Ordinary

215,520 19 5

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Province of (QUEBEC, NOVA S C 0 TI A, and the

WEST INDIES: £. s. £. s. d.

On Account for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - 10,000

To answer Bills of Exchange expected to be drawn by the f Quebec 1,500

Storekeepers for Extraordinaries at - - - -(. Jamaica Towards erecting Magazines, Storehouses, and Artillery Sheds, and for Extraordinaries ip Nova Scotia ---- NEWFOUNDLAND: 1,500

10,000 23,000

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, fSt. Johns, &c. 4,000

Storehouses, and for the current Service at - \Placentia - 400 4,400

EAST INDIES:

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the ^rtillery Staff - GIBRALTAR: 512 8 —

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers ---- 4,50417 —

To answer Bills of Exchange expected to be drawn - - 25,000 — A /\ A 4 fei

JERSE Y: > 29,504 17 —

4,000 — —

GUERNSEY:

Vo 1. S9. 9 H 4,000 — — SCOTLAND:

72

4° Decembris

Ordnance

LAiniate.

SCOTLAND:

For keeping in Repair Fort George, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

PORTSMOUTH:

For repairing the Old Works and Buildings at Portsinouth, and various Places in the Division -

For improving the Works at Cumberlapd Fort -For New Works -

Towards carrying on the Works at Fort Monckton - .

Towards building a Fort at Stokes Bay -Money to be paid to the Navy ^oard, for strengthening the Sea Wall now building near Haflar Hospital, in order to render the same useful for Defence ——

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Unes, Citadel, and various Places in the Division -Towards building a new Fort at Merryfield, and towards finishing the Redoubt on the Right of the Works on Maker Height «j

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Upnor, Gillingham, Cockham Wood, and Hownels -

For Works on Amherst's and Townlhends Redoubts, and for the Lines

SHEERNESS:

To build a Powder Magazine -

To repair the Breakwaters, and for other necessary Repairs of the Garrison -Towards the Works at the King’s Lines, and Fort Town- s.

(bend, and for making the Sluice - - - - 4,000-----1

For finishing the Well - - - 1,000---- J

GRAVESEND and TILBURY: For Works and Repairs -

£. s. d.

FEVERSHAM

For new Buildings

LANDGUARD FORT: For the new Works -

YARMOUTH ROADS: For keeping up the Works -

WOOLWICH:

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Laboratory One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -To convert the Sand Wharf into a Shot Yard, to make room for the new Sea Storehouse -

LYME REGIS:

To repair the Breaches in the Pier, commonly called The Cobb

5,367

5.000

8.000

10.000

11.000

3,000-----

5,648 -

8,000-----

3.757 -

8,236-----

2,355 12 9 1,429-----

5,000.----

5,687 6 3

A. 1783.

£. s. d.

4,86i-----

42,367 — —

13,648-----

n,993 —

8,784 12 9

5,i97 14 2

2,000-----

10,619 —

411----

2,843 13 1

200----

3,006 2 11. I S L E

24 Geo. III. 4

ISLE OF MAN:

For eroding Batteries

SHIPPING:

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports

£. d.

£. s. d.

1,200 -

5,000-----

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

On Account, for Contingencies -

For the Purchase of the late Sir Gregory Pages House and Offices on Blackhcath, with the Garden, and Fifty-six Acres of Land, for the Purpose of a Royal Military Academy -

5,000-----

18,100-----

SALT PETRE:

Two hundred Tons

Extraordinaries Ordinary -

Ordinary and Extraordinarie3 Unprovided -

14,200-----

- - . 214,848 7 11

- 215,520 19 5

- 430,369 7 4

m 111,634 9 6

542,003 16 10

SAVINGS arising from the Works not having been yet proceeded on, and the Stores not lent, for which the following Sums were voted by Parliament in 1783, amounting to 51,052/. 195. 6d. which being uniffued to this Office, remains for the Disposition of Parliament; viz.

PORTSMOUTH:

£. s. d.

For Repairs and additional Buildings at the Gun Wharf - 3,723 6 9

Towards building an Hospital ----- 1,372-----

Tow ards building a Fort at Stokes Bay - - 10,000-

PLYMOUTH:

»5,095 6 9

Towards erecting a new Fort on Maker Height 1)° - -- -- - Merryfield -

Towards building an Hospital -

SIIEERNESS:

To build a Powder Magazine - -

- 10,000-----

- 10,000-----

- 1,372-----

2,355 12 9

W O O L W I C H:

For building a Chapel at the New Barracks -For erecting a Powder Magazine -

O G

- 3,000-----

- 3,230 -

6,230-----

(NOVA SCOTIA For a Supply of Stores at (JERSEY -

Iguernsey -

2,000-----

2,000-----

2,000----

51,052 19 6

Tenenshend.

J. Courtenay.

II. Strachey.

H. Minch J. Kenrick

Ordered,

Ordnance

Estimate,

Ordnance.

764

4* Ekcembr

A 17%.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said State and Eftinlate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid befone this House, An Account, (taring how the Money voted by Parliament, and received by the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1783, has been expended.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, (taring how the Money voted by Parliament, and received by the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1783, has been expended.

And the Title, of the said Account was read.

The said' Account is as followed), viz.

An ACCOUNT (taring how the Money voted by Parliament, and received by the Office of Ordnance,

in the Year 1783, has been expended.

LAND SERVICE:

Salaries and Rents -

Establishment, North Britain -

D* - - - Gibraltar -

D® - - - S' John’s and Placentia, Newfoundland - -

I)° - - - East Florida -

D® - - - Quebec ——

D* - - - New York ——

D® - - - Halifax -

D® - - - Goree -

Matter Gunners and Gunners -

Incident Charges -

Repairs and Garrison Carriages -

Barrack Bedding -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms -

Establittiment of the Corps of Engineers -

D® - - - Regiment of Artillery -

D® - - - Military Academy -

D® - - - Draughtfmen, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign

Garrisons ——

Superannuated and Half-pay Officers, &c. and Allowances for good Services ——

Fees paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer -

On Account of the Staff and Contingencies in North America and the West Indies -

Extraordinaries, New York ——

D® - - - - Jamaica -

D® - - - - Halifax ——

D® - - - - Quebec -

Repairing the Fortifications, Barracks,/S'John’s, &c.

Storehouses, &c. Newfoundland - /Placentia -

Additional Works - S' John’s D® ——

Artificers Company, Gibraltar -

Works, &c. - - - - D® -

Works at Jersey -

New Fort at Guernsey ——

Repairing the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications in Scotland Works and Repairs at Portsuiouth, and in the Portsmouth Division -Portsmouth Dock -

Sea Wall - Hafiar Hospital ——

Fort Monckton -

Works and Repairs at Plymouth, and in the Plymouth Division Magazine at Keyham Point ——

Reform of the Lines and Field Works on Maker Height and Staden

Hill -..... - -

Chatham Lines -

Chatham and Upnor Cattle — Repairs of Barracks, &c.

Works and Repairs at Sheerness -

Works at Gravel’end and Tilbury -

Expended in 1783, on Account of 1782 and former Years. Expended on Account of 1783.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

2,456 3 11 9,349 6 1

165 391 8 9

12 521 17 6

435 17 — 537 18 5

248 8 — 246 7 6

287 6 — 339 12 6

83 16 — 149 14 Q

»>9 12 — 264 12 6

89 4 — 54° 17 H

934 — 3>°4 3 18 . 6

10,781 8 8 9,95i 5 7

24,939 19 7 1,865 3 — *

4,020 l8 3 34i 17 —

- 1,99° 10 19

7,792 15 —

45,289 19 — - 66,897 14 U

436 8 — 1,383 7 —

£32 *9 3 i,5i7 10 9

*,674 4 — 13,090 — 10

- - 2,155 13 6

48,901 5 9 46,334 4

850 ,168 15 10 1,400

506 — — 1,233 8 4

- - 35 13 3

L772 8 6 1,109 5 6

33 16 4 156 10 —

794 18 — 112 10 —

762 7 8 1,572 8 1

.7,480 17 0 0 27,379 10 6

552 18 6 2,618 3 11

l,(il2 10 8 6,918 17 1

7,604 »5 9 i,494 18 4

1,349 17 5 1,703 1 4

3,283 4 10 5,849 18 8

100 -! —

3,151 — 11 6,400 — —

2,735 3 2 1,421 19 8

1,078 1 7 135 —

5,996 7 10 2,171 16 1

12,205 19 4 4,870 9 4

- - 500 — 8

9,222 12 11 2,002 18 4

1,457 4 550 11 10 Communication

34 Geo. III. 40 Decembris.

Communication — Gravesend and Tilbury - -

New Works at Dover -

D* ----- - Landguard Fort -

D* - ----- Yarmouth Hoads -

Works at Clifford’s Fort, Tinmo'uth Castle, Sunderland, and Newcastle Repairs at Hull -

D* ----- - Liverpool -

New Buildings, Woolwich -

Contingencies at the Laboratory -

Hire of Transports, Value of Ships taken by the Enemy, Home Freights, &c. - -

Pay on the Staff, Hire of Horses, &c. Trains of Artillery in England -Contingencies of the Regiment of Artillery - - *

Expedition — General Dulling -

Interest paid on Imprefts, &c. -....

New Works, — Shetland ——

Floating Batteries — Dublin Harbour, and River Humber -Repairs of the Pier (called The Cobb) at Lyme Regis -Extraordinaries - Goree -

Establishment - - West Florida -

Works.....D*....

Establishment - - Minorca -

Works - - - D* -

New Office - - Westminster -

New Office - - Tower -

Batteries - - - Isle of Man -

Works - - - - Priddy’h Hard -

Extraordinaries 1. It 1 lorida -

Staff - - - - East Indies -

Hire of Horses, &c. — Train of Artillery in Scotland -

Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, and other Stores

Salt Petre - -- --....

Tower Ditch -

Total Land Service - -

£ s. d. £. S. d.

408 12 10 250 — —

1,173 3 4 1,000 -r — —

9,^3 6 4 4,422 3 4

11,078 9 10 821 14 7

384 9 4 2,550 — —

89 — —

201 13 2 1,822 12 10

1,498 19 11 42 14 7

2,214 2 —

111,420 10 4 32,585 6 4

2,773 19 3 3,813 7 5

5,oio 17 2 4,533 9 3

767 5 — 479 7 —

16,609 15 7

3,109 6 6

6,978 12 4 2,791 14 9

- - 1,002 — 4

2,506 9 6

387 6 4 13 10 —

6,004 8 2

39i 16 —

1,184 8 11

2,375 10 1

1,798 8 4

102 6 10

111 4 11

115 — —

941 4 1

759 9 3

14L971 3 8 4,351 6 1

13,816 16 8

721 12 6

53L227 8 10 317,835 17 3

Sea Service.

Incidents at the Out Ports, &c. Buildings and Repairs Stores purchased for { Jamaica the Fleet at - - (New York -

Salaries and Rents -Iron Ordnance, Powder, Small!

Arms, and 0 tier Stores Salt Petre -

Freight -

Contingencies at the Laboratory

Travelling

Feversham

Purfleet

Total Sea Service -

Expended in 1783,on Account of 1782, and former Years.

£ s. d-

3.739 9 2

2,107 !9 8

8,343 18 7

410 17 9

117 6 -

298,319 7 3

14,253 12 11

12,606 10 6

274 7 5

i,542 14 4

822 18 9

Expended on Account of 1783-

£. s. d.

18,604 17 3

81 18 —

3,670-----

291 10 7

9,009 17 10

11.232 9 5

41 19 4

1,883 7 6 3.398 17 6 68 17 2

3,5o6 15 7

342.539 2 4

54,740 10 2

2,950 —

873,766 11 2

Total expended — Carried forward

372,576 7 5

873,766 11 2

1,246,342 18 7

Vo 1. 39.

9 I

Cash

Ordnance Money expended.

Ordntme Monty %x* pended.

766

4* Decembris.

Caih received.

Total expended — Brought forward - -

Balance of Caih, 31 December 1782 ——

Received from the Exchequer oil Account of the Grants by Parliament, 1783 -

Received on the Sale of unserviceable Stores, &c. and charged to the! , «

voluntary Account ---- -j 6’73* " 5

Received on the Sale Of unserviceable Stores at the Tower - 4,310 11 4

Expended as above - - - -Balance of Caih - -

A. 1783

£. s. d. 1>246>342 18 7

50,268 5 4 i>232>936 4 11

11,049 2 9

1,294,253 13 — 1,246,342 18 7

47>910 M 5

Granted by by Parliament, 1783, for Land and Sea Service Received on Account - -

Deduct

Sums proposed to remain for the Disposition of Parliament

- i,735»871 *5 7

- 1,232,936 4 11

502,935 10 8

- 51,052 19 6

451,882 11 2

Total unexpended

- £

499,793 5

7

Humphry Clerk of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Army Stop- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

P*ge»* Account of the Stoppages made, from the Pay of the Men serving in the Artillery in North , for PfO-

visions supplied them out of His Majesty’s Stores, from the 1 ft Day of October 1779 to the Time the last Accounts were received from thence.

Touray’iNat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray, was read the Third Time.

Retched, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray.

Ordered, That Mr. Eizoes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East India The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from

Company, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Inches, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pulfuant to their Order,

N° 1. A Book, intituled, " Standing Orders and " Bye Laws of the United East India CompanyAnd also,

N° 2. A Book, intituled, *' Copy of such Standing " Orders and Bye Laws as have been repealed or dispenfed with, from the 1st of January 1778 to the " present Time, with the Reasons and Grounds on " which they have been repealed or dispensed with."

Together with a List of the said Books.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

County sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to

Gao>*’ Oftfet, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers ShiUingford of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Hoad.

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from ShiUingford, in the County of Oxford,

through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near ShiUingford Ferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bev An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from ShiUingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Bernsi and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near ShiUingford Ferry.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Sykes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of tty Day, for reluming the adjourned proceedings Consideration of the1 Copy of the Record of the Pro- respecting ceedings upon the Indictment in the Court of King’s Mr. Atkmson Bench, and foe Copy of foe Rule of the said Court, in foe Cause of foe King against Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, l Member of this House; and also, for the said Mr. Atkinson’s attending in his Place, being read;

And foe laid Mr. Atkinson not attending in his Place, pursuant to the said Order;

Charles Williams, one of foe Messengers belonging to foe Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was called in; and, being examined, gave the House an Account of his leaving Copies of foe said Orders at the said Mr. Atkinson’s House in Westminster, on foe 25th Day of November last, where be was informed that Mr. Atkinson was not at home; and that he also left Copies of the said Orders with Mr. Atkinson’s Solicitor.

Then

24 Geo. III. 4* Decembris. 767

Then the said Copy of the Record of the said Proceedings in the Court of King’s Bench, and the Copy of the Ride of the said Court, were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

PLEAS before oar Lord the King at Westminster, of the Term of Easter] in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great , France, and

Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord 1783.

Amongst the Pleas of the King.

Roll 1.

Middlesex. >Some time ago, that is to say, on Amongftthe In- Monday the Twenty-fourth Day of di&menti oi\February, in the Twenty-third Year

this Term, ( of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord N° 1. J George the Third, King of Great Britain, Ac. at the General Session of Oyer and Terminer of our Lord the King, holden in and for the County of Middlesex, at the Session House for the said County, before William Mainwa Charles Sheppard,

Thomas Cogan, Henry Lambe, Esquires, and others their Fellows, Justices of our laid Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace in the County aforesaid; and also, to bear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the same County, by the Oath of Twelve Jurors, good and lawful Men of the County aforesaid, then there sworn and charged to enquire for our laid Lord the King, for the Body of the same County, it was presented as followed); that is to lay, Middlesex to wit, the Jurors of our Sovereign Lord the King upon their Oath present, that Christopher Atkinson, late of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, for divers Years now last palt, bath carried on and exercisod the Trade and BufineL of a Cornfactor, and that the said Christopher Atkinson, whiift he so carried on and exercised the aforesaid Trade and Business, and before the making of the Affidavit herein after mentioned, as such Cornfactor, purchased for and supplied the Commissioners of our said Lord the King for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for the Time being, with divers large Quantities of Malt and Grain; and the Jurors aforesaid, upon tl>eir Oath aforesaid, further present, that the said Christopher Atkinson contriving and intending to aggrieve and injure one William Bennett, on the Seventh Day of February, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of our said present Sovereign Lord George the Third, King of Great Britain, and so forth, in order to obtain a Rule of the Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself, against the said William,

whereby it might be ordered by the said Court, that a Day should be given to the said William Bennett, to shew Cause why an Information should not be exhibited against him, the said William Besmett, for certain Mifde-meanors, in publishing certain supposed scandalous Libels concerning the said Christopher Atkinson, as such Comfador, in purchasing and supplying the said Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, did come in his the said Christopher Atkinson's proper Person into the said Court of our laid Lord the King, before the King himself (the said Court then being at Westminster aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid) and did then and there produce to the said Court a certain Affidavit in Writing, of him the said Christopher Atkinson, to be exhibited to the said Court for the Purpose aforesaid, and then and there before the same Court was duly sworn, and took his Corporal Oath upon the Holy Gospel of God, concerning the Truth of the Matters contained in the said Affidavit (the same Court then and there having a lawful and competent Authority to administer the same Oath to the said Christopher Atkinson, and to take and receive the said Affidavit of the Aid Christopher Atkinson) and that the said Vo t. 39.

Christopher Atkinson being so sworn as aforesaid, not Proceedings having the Fear of God before his Eyes, but being respecting moved and seduced by the Instigation of the Devil, Mr Atkin, on-and having no Regard to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, nor fearing the Punishment therein contained, did then and there, to wit, on the said Seventh Day of February, in the Twenty-first Year aforesaid, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, in and by his Affidavit aforesaid, upon his Oath aforesaid, before the said Court (the said Court then and there having a lawful and competent Authority to administer the said Oath to the said Christopher Atkinson, and to receive his said Affidavit) did falsely, corruptly, knowingly, wilfully, and maliciously depose and swear (among other Things) as follows (that is to say) that he (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) hath for several Years last pall (meaning before the making of the aforesaid Affidavit) followed the Business or Employment of a Comfador, and in that Capacity hath served the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, from the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight to this Time (meaning the Time of making the aforesaid Affidavit) with Wheat and other Grain, and with Malt from One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; and that in a printed Paper, called The General Advertiser and Morning Intelligencer, of Wednesday the Thirty-first Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and hereunto (meaning to the aforesaid Affidavit) annexed, marked B, appeared, and which this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher,) hath

peruled, a Letter or Paragraph addressed " My Lord," and subscribed " William Bennett, Camberwell, January 25th, 1781;" and this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) faith, that the said Letter or Paragraph, lb addressed and subscribed, and inserted in the said Paper hereunto (meaning the aforesaid Affidavit) annexed, as this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) believes, doth refer to this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) and was intended to defame him (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) in his (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson’s) Character and Reputation of a Comfador; and that by the Name of Mr. Christopher Atkinson, mentioned in the said Letter or Paragraph, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) is meant; and that the said William Bennett, by the Publication of the said Letter or Paragraph as aforesaid, did intend to- represent him, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) to the Public, as having defrauded the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy in the Way of his (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson's) Business, as their (meaning the said Commissioners) Comfador, and to induce the Public to believe, that when the very fined Ship Malt was foiling at Twenty-nine Skillings to Thirty Shillings, and the additional Charges of Discount (meaning Discount, Commission for purchasing, Lighterage, &c. amounting to Four Shillings and Three-pence per Quarter, and making together Thirty-four Shillings and Threepence per Quarter) he, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) as Cornfactor for the said Com-raissioners, purchased Malt at that Price, and charged to the said Commissioners, for a great Quantity of such Malt, so by him purchased for the said Commissioners,

Thirty-seven Shillings and Three-pence per Quarter, and for Ibrne thousand Quarters Thirty-six Shillings and Six Pence; and that many of the Malts delivered to, or to the Order of the said Commissioners, at that Price and Time, were by him, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) bought at Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter, and forae under; and by such Publication this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) apprehends and believes the said William Bennett's Intention was to represent, and to

have

Proceedings

respecting

Mr.Atkinson.

768 40 Decembris. . 1783.

have it believed by the Public, that he, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher,) defrauded

the said Commissioners in the Difference of the Price which the said William Bennett, in the said Letter or

Paragraph, pretends such Malt was purchased at, and the Price he, this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) as the said William Bennett in the said Letter or Paragraph pretends, charged the said Commissioners with; and this Deponent (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) faith, That, in the Transactions he (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) hath had with the said Commissioners, as their (meaning the said Commissioners) Cornfactor, he (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) hath charged them (meaning the said Commissioners) the usual Commission of Six Pence a Quarter and no more, for all Malt and Grain supplied by him (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson); and that he (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) never did, at any Time during his (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson's) Tran factions with the said Commissioners, charge more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter beyond the Price he (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) actually paid for any Malt or Grain purchased by him (meaning the said Christopher Atkinson) for the said Commissioners, as their (meaning the said Commissioners) Cornfactor, as by the said Affidavit of the said Christopher Atkinson, in Writing, remaining in the said Court of our said Lord the King, before the King himself at Westminster aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, it more fully appears: Whereas, in Truth and in I'act, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making of his said Affidavit, in the Transactions which he had with the said Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, as their Cornfactor, to wit, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, did charge the said Commissioners more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of fundrv Quantities of Malt, amounting to a large Quantity, to wit, Seven hundred and Thirty-three Quarters and Three Buffiels of Malt, before that Time, to wit, between the Twenty-fifth Day of May, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and the Fifteenth Day of June in the same Year, to wit, at Westminster aforesaid, supplied by him; that is to say, Three Shillings and Nine Pence per Quarter for and in respect of each and every Quarter of the said Seven hundred and Thirty-three Quarters of Malt, and in that Proportion for the said Three Buffiels of Malt lb supplied by him as aforesaid, more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter for the said Seven hundred and Thirty-three Quarters and Three Buffiels of Malt: And whereas, in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making of his said Affidavit, during his Transactions with the said Commissioners for victualling his said Majesty’s Navy, as their Cornfactor, to wit, on the said Twenty-ninth Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, at Westminster, in the said County of Middlesex, did charge more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of a large Quantity, to wit. One hundred and Sixty-six Quarters and Seven Buffiels of Malt, before that Time, to wit, on the Tw enty-eighth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, at Westminster aforesaid, purchased by him, the said Christopher Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Cornfactor, of and from one Robert Mitton; that is to say. Three Shillings and Nine Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of each and every of the said One hundred and Sixty-six Quarters of Malt, and in that Proportion for and in respect of the said Seven Buffiels of Malt, so purchased by him of the said Robert Mitton, beyond the Price which he, the said Christopher Atkinson, actually paid to the said Robert Mitton for the fame: And whereas, in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making his said Affidavit, during his Transactions with the' Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, as their Cornfactor, to wit, on the Tw-enty-ninth Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, did charge more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of a large Quantity, to wit, One hundred and Ninety-seven Quarters of Malt, before that Time, to wit, on the Fifteenth Day of June, in the said Year of our I<ord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to wit, at Westminster aforesaid, purchased by him, the said Christopher Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Cornfactor, of and from one Thomas Gray; that is to say, Four Shillings and Three Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of each and every of the said One hundred and Ninety-seven Quarters of Malt, so purchased by him of the said Thomas Gray, beyond the Price which he the said Christopher Atkinson, actually paid to the said Thomas Gray for the fame: And whereas, in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making his said Affidavit, during his Transactions with the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, as their Cornfactor, to wit, on the 31st Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, did charge more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of a large Quantity, to wit, Two hundred and Fifty Quarters and One Buftel of Malt, before that Time, to wit, on the Twenty-seventh Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, purchased by him, the said Christopher Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Cornfactor, of and from one William Adams; that is to lay, Four Shillings and Eight Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of each and every of the find Tw o hundred and Fifty Quarters of Malt, and in that Proportion for and in respect of the said One Buffiel of Malt, so purchased by him of the said William Adams, beyond the Price which he, the said Christopher Atkinson, actually paid to the said William Adams for the fame: Whereas in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making of his said Affidavit, during his Transaction with the said Commissioners for victualling His laid Majesty’s Navy, as their Cornfactor, to wit, on the Thirty-first Day of March, in the said Year of our Lerd One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, did charge more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of a large Quantity, to wit, Two hundred and Fifty Quarters and One Buffiel of Malt, before that Time, to writ, on the Twenty-seventh Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County of Middlesex, purchased by him, the said Christopher Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Cornfactor, of and from one William Adams', that is to say, Two Shillings per Quarter, for and in respect of each and every of the said Two hundred and Fifty Quarters of Malt, and in that Proportion for and in respect of the said One Buffiel of Malt, so purchased by him of the said William Adams, beyond the Price which he the said Christopher Atkinson, actually paid to the said William Adams for the fame: And whereas, in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, before the making of his said Affidavit, in the Transaction which he had

with

24 Geo. III. 40 Decemhris. 769

with the said Commissioners for viQualling of His said the Third and the Twenty-sixth Days of January, in the proceeding* Majesty’s Navy, as their CornfaQor, to wit, on the said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred respecting . Thirtieth Day of December, in the said Year of our and Eighty, to wit, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said Mr-Atkinson. Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at County of , supplied by him; that is to say,

I Test minster, in the said County of Middlesex, did Three Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of each charge the said Commissioners more than the usual and every Quarter of the said Oats, with the Hulks Commission of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in re- taken oft’, more than the usual Commission of Six Pence fpoct of sundry Quantities of Malt, amounting to a per Quarter: And whereas, in Truth and in FaQ, the lai ge Quantity, to wit, One thousand Seven hundred said Christopher Atkinson, before the naaking of his and Twenty-seven Quarters and Four Bushels of Malt, said Affidavit, during his TransaQions with the said before that Time, to wit, between the Twelfth Day of Commissioners for victualling His Majesty s Navy, 4s December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven their CornfaQor, to wit, on the Twentieth Day $>f hundred and Seventy-nine, and the Thirtieth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, at Westminster, in the said County hundred and Eighty, to wit, at Westminster aforesaid, of Middlesex, did charge more than the usual Cona-in the said County of Middlesex, supplied by him, to million of Six Pence per Quarter, for and in respect f wit, the Sum of Three Pence per Quarter, for and in a large Quantity, to wit, Six hundred and Twenty-rel’pect of each and every Quarter of the said One thou- seven Quarters and Four Bushels of Pease, before that fund Seven hundred and Twenty-l’even Quarters of Malt, Time, to wit, on the Eighteenth Day of June, in the and in that Proportion for the said Four Bushels of Malt, said Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred lb supplied by him as aforesaid, more than the usual and Eighty, at Westminster aforesaid, in the said County Commission of Six Pence per Quarter; which said last- of Middlesex, purchased by him, the said Christopher mentioned Malt w as purchased by the said Christopher Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Cona-Atkinson, for the said Commissioners, as their Corn- faQor, of and from on that is to lay,

factor, of difl'ercnt Persons; that is to fav, Three hun- One Shilling and Six Pence for and in respect of each died and Ninety-eight Quarters and Four Bushels, and every of the said Six hundred and Twenty-seven Part of the said Malt, of John Allouay; Two hundred Quarters of Pease, and in that Proportion for and in Quarters, other Part thereof, of John Routh; Two respect of the said Four Bushels of Pease, so purchased hundred uml Twenty-nine Quarters, other Part thereof, by him, the said Christopher Atkinson, of the said of Ro!>ert Letts: Four hundred Quarters, other Part William Batson, beyond the Price which he the said thereof, of George Phelps; One hundred Quarters, Christopher Atkinson actually paid to the said William other Part thereof, of William Northeote; and Four Batson for the fame: And so the Jurors aforesaid, hundred Quarters, Residue of the said One thousand upon their Oath aforesaid, do say, that the said Chris-Seven hundred and Twenty-seven Quarters and Four topher Atkinson, on the said Seventh Day of *

Bushels of Malt, of Robert Denyer , to wit, at West-in the Twenty-first Year aforesaid, at Westminster minster aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid: aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, before

And whereas, in Truth and in faQ, the said Christopher the said Court of our said Lord the King, before the Atkinson, before the making of his said Affidavit, King himself, by his own Act and Consent, and of his during his Transafetion with the said Commissioners for own most wicked and corrupt Mind, in Manner and victualling His said MajestyNavy, as their CornfaQor, Form aforesaid, did falsely, wilfully, and corruptly, upon to wit, on the Thirtieth Day of November, in the Year his said Oath lo taken as aforesaid, commit wilful and of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- corrupt Perjury, to the great Displeasure of Almighty nine, at I lest minster, in the said County of Middlesex, God, in Contempt of our said Lord the King, and His

did charge more than the usual Commission of Six Laws, to the evil and pernicious Example of all others Pence per Quarter, for and in respect of a large Quan- in the like same offending, and against the Peace of our tiiy, to wit, Seven hundred and Twenty-nine Quarters said present Sovereign Lord the King, His Crown and and Six Bushels of Wheat, before that Time, to wit, on Dignity; which said Indictment our laid Lord the King the Twenty-second Day of November, in the said Year afterwards, for certain Realbns, caused to be brought of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- before Flim, to be determined according to the Law nine, at We st min der aforesaid, in the said County of and Custom of England: Wherefore the Sheriff of the Middlesex, purchased by him, the said Christopher At- said County of Middlesex is commanded that he do kinson, for the said Commissioners, as their CornfaQor, not forbear, by lleafon of any Liberty in his Baili-of and from one William Adams; that is to say, One wick, but that he cause him to come to answer to Shilling and Six Pence for and in respect of each and our laid Lord the King, touching and concerning every of the said Seven hundred and Twenty-nine the Premises aforesaid: And now, that is to say, on Quarters of Wheat, and in that Proportion for and in Wednesday next after Fifteen Days from the Feast respect of the said Six Bushels of Wheat, lb purchased Day of Easter, in this same Term, before our said by him of the said William Adams, beyond the Price Lord the King, at Westminster, cometh the said Chris-which lie the said Christopher Atkinson actually paid topher Atkinson, by Robert Belt, his Attorney; and to the said William Adams for the fame: And whereas, having heard the said IndiQment read, he faith that in Truth and in Fact, the said Christopher Atkinson, he is not guilty thereof, and hereupon he putteth before the making of his aforesaid Affidavit, in the himself upon the Country; and James Tempter, Ef-Tranl'aQions which he had with the said Commission- quire, Coroner and Attorney of our laid Lord the ers for viQualling His Majesty’s Navy, as their Corn- King, in the Court of our said Lord the King, before faQor, to wit, on the Twenty-ninth Day of January, the King himself, who for our laid Lord the King, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred in this Behalf, prosecuteth, doth the like: Therefore and Flighty, at I Test minster aforesaid, in the said let a Jury thereupon come before our said Lord the County of Middlesex, did charge the said Commission- King, on the Morrow of the Holy Trinity, wheresoever ers more than the usual Commission of Six Pence per he shall then be in England, by whom the Truth of the Quarter, for and in respect of sundry Quantities of Matter may be the better known, and who are not of Oats, with the Hulks taken off, amounting to a large the Kindred of the said Christopher Atkinson, to try,

Quuntity, to wit, One thousand One hundred and upon their Oath, whether the said Christopher Atkinson Fifty-six Quarters, before that Time, to wit, between is guilty of the Premises aforesaid or not; because, as Vol. 39. 9 K well

77

4° Decembris.

A 1783.

Proce«ding» well the raid James Templ, who prosecuteth for our said MrPAtk°* Lord the King in this Behalf, as the said Christopher r. uuon. Atkinson, have thereupon put themselves upon the said

Jury, the same Day is given as well to the said James Templer, who prosecuteth for our said Lord the King in this Behalf, as to the said Christopher Atkinson; at which Time, to wit, on the Morrow of the Holy Trinity aforesaid, before our said Lord the King, at come, as well the said James , who prosecuteth

for our laid Lord the King in this Behalf, as the said Christopher Atkinson, by his Attorney aforesaid; and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex hath returned the Names of Twelve Jurors, none of whom come to try in Form aforesaid; therefore the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex is commanded, that he do not forbear, by reason of any Liberty in his Bailiwick, but that he distrain the Bodies of the Jurors aforesaid, by all their Lands and Chattels in his Bailiwick, so that neither they, nor any one for them, do put their Hands to the lame, until he shall have another Command from our said Lord the King for that Purpose, and that he answer to our said Lord the King for the Issues thereof; so that he may have their Bodies before our said Lord the King, on the Morrow of All Shuts, ^heresoever he shall then be in England, or before the Right Trusty and Well-beloved of our said Lord the King, William Earl of Mansfield, Chief Justice of our said Lord the King, assigned to hold Pleas before the King himself, if he shall come before that Time (that is to lay) on Thursday next after the End of the Term, at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, in the Great Hall of Pleas there, according to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided, to try upon their Oath, whether the said Christopher Atkinson is guilty of the Premises aforesaid, or not, in Default of the Jurors aforesaid, who came not to try in Form aforesaid: Therefore let the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex have the Bodies of the same Jurors accordingly, to try in Form aforesaid; the same Day is given as well to the said James Templer, who prosecuteth for our said Lord the King in this Behalf, as to the said Christopher Atkinson; at which Time, to wit, on the Morrow of All Souls aforesaid, before our said Lord the King, at Westminster, come as well the said James Templer, Esquire, who prosecuteth for our said Lord the King in this Behalf, as the within-named Christopher Atkinson, by his Attorney within-mentioned; and the aforesaid Chief Justice, before whom the said Jurors came to try in Form aforesaid, lent here his Record had before him, in these Words; that is to say, Afterwards, on the Day and at the Place lall within mentioned, before the Right honourable William Earl of Afansfield, Chief Justice of our Lord the King, assigned to hold Pleas before the King himself, John Way, Gentleman, being associated to the said Chief Justice, according to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided, come, as well the within-named James Templer, Esquire, who prosecuteth for our laid Lord the King in this Behalf, as the within-named Christopher Atkinson, by his Attorney within mentioned; and the Jurors of the Jury, whereof there is Mention within made, being called, feme of them, to wit, James Clitherow, of New Brentford, Esquire; James Wigstone, of Fore Street Ward, Esquire; John William Anderson, of Mill Esquire; and Harry Horton, of Queen Square, Esquire, come and are sworn upon the said Jury; and because the rest of the said Jurors do not appear, therefore others of the Bye-standers being chosen for this Purpose by the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, at the Request of James Wallace, Esquire, Attorney General of our said Lord the King, by the Command of the said Chief Justice, are anew appointed, whose

Names arc affiled in the Pannel within written, according to the Form of the Statute in such same made and provided; and the Jurors so anew appointed as aforesaid, to wit, WiU'iam Hart, of Piccadilly, Milliner; John Surby, of the fame, Brandy Merchant; Michael Dobinson, of Bruton Macs, Coal Merchant; James Jobbins, of Knightsbridge, Bricklayer; Samuel

Tolman, of the fame, Gentleman; Lads Martin, of the fame, Gentleman; Jonathan Glover, of Albemarle Street, Upholder; and James Leekeof Kensington, Gentleman; being called, likewise come and are sworn upon the said Jury; and thereupon public Proclamation being made for our said Lord the King, as the Custom is, that if any one will inform the Chief Justice aforesaid, the King’s Serjeant at Law, the King’s Attorney General, of the Jurors of the Jury aforesaid, concerning the Matters within contained, he should come forth, and should be heard; and hereupon John Lee, Esquire, Solicitor General of our said Lord the King, offereth himself, on the Behalf of our said Lord the King, to do this; whereupon the Court here proceedeth to the taking of the Inquest aforesaid, by the Jurors aforesaid, now here appearing for the Purpose aforesaid, who being elected, tried, and sworn to speak the Truth, concerning the Matters within contained, say, upon their Oath, that the said Christopher Atkinson is guilty of the Premises contained in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Ninth Alignments of Perjury, contained in the within Indictment, in Manner and Form, as in and by the said Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Ninth Alignments is within alledged against him; and the Jurors aforesaid, upon their Oath aforesaid, further say, that the said Christopher Atkinson is not guilty of the Residue of the said Indictment, in Manner and Form, as he the said Christopher Atkinson hath, by pleading for himself, within alledged: Whereupon all and singular the Premises being seen and fully understood by the Court of our said Lord the King, now here, it is considered by the said Court here, that he the said Christopher Atkinson be taken, and so forth.

Let him be taken.

Tuesday, on the Feast Day of Martin, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

The Defendant, Christopher Atkinson, having been, by a Jury of the Country,

Middlesex. The King against Christopher Atkinson, Esquire.

convicted of certain Trespasses, Con-' tempts, and Perjuries, whereof he is indicted; and he the said Defendant having J been now here in Court Thrice publicly called, and not appearing, it is ordered, that his Default be recorded, and his Recognizance estreated into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

On the Motion of Mr. Solicitor General.

By the Court.

And it appearing to the House, by the said Record, Mr. Atkin that Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, a Member of this expelled. House, had, upon an Indictment found against him, by the Name of Christopher Atkinson, late of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, been convicted of the Crime of Perjury, as in the said Record is mentioned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, be expelled this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till the 124th Day of January next;

The

34 Geo. III.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr. Bomber Gascoyne,\ f tellers for the Yeas,^Sir Robert: j oa*

Tellers for the Noes fMr* Attorney General, 1 tellers for toe JNoes,^Thomas Davenport: / 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Christopher Esquire,

be expelled this House.

771

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com* tnittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4° — 50 Decembris,

Sum* due from the East India Company.

Receipt

Duty.

Ditto.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, by allowing further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public; * and by advancing to the said Company, on the '* Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; " and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend " of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors " at Christmas, One thousand Seven hundred and

" Eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods," might be rend;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue so much of the said Art as allows further lime for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Pitblic, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies: And that Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sheridan, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand and for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes, and also. Stamp Duties on Receipts," might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as impolcs a Tax upon Re-

ceipts;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-;

f Mr. Alderman Keunham,']

’ [Sir:

[The Ea ’[Mr. Ei

So it passed in the Negative.

n. , r i XT [The Earl of Surrey, 1 oilers for the Noes,[Mr

47-

149-

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory " and other Notes, and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, was read a Second Time.

Vol. ‘3°.

Veneris, 5* die Decembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III'a Regis, 1783.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Drummond Eleventh and Mr. Roe, Two of the Commissioners for Report examining, taking, and Rating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called ccoua s" in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Eleventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens and BurgefleS, in Parliament assembled.

The Eleventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

In our Inquiries into the Manner of passing the Public Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, we find, upon the Certificate of Accounts depending in that Office, the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England among the Public Accountants.

In the Acts of Parliament for raising the Supplies by public Loans, the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are appointed the Receivers of the Contributions to those Loans. They are ordered to pay the Sums so received into the Exchequer, and to account duly for the same in that Office . These Contributions are received at the Bank in the Name of the Chief Cashier.

The Shares or Interests of the Contributors, or their Assignees, in the Capital Stocks of Annuities created by these Acts, are made transferable at the Bank of and the Money appropriated to answer the Annuities, and other Payments therein directed, is ordered to be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Chief Cashier, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account; and he is enjoined to pay the Annuities, and render his Account thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

Hence the Chief Cashier has, every Year, on the Part of the Bank, an Account to pass of the Receipts and Payments of the several Species of Annuities payable at the Bank of England-, and, for feme Years last past, he has had also another Annual Account to pass, of the Contributions to the Loans to Government, received at . the Bank.

We required from the Auditors of the Imprest the . last declared Accounts of Abraham Newland, Esquire,

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, of Money received and paid on the several Species of Bank Annuities, and of Contributions to Annuities and a

Lottery,

y

772 5 " Daem1783.

Eleventh Lottery, with the Materials from Which those Accounts pass an Account only once in Two Years; at which

oi' i' bE were severally made out. Time he pafl'es the Accounts of Two Years together.

Account* Two Accounts were returned to us pursuant to this It is, and has long been, the Custom in the Auditor’s Requisition; the one an Account of the Sums received Office, to make up the Accounts of the Bank and of the and paid on the Annuities payable at the Bank of South Sea Annuities, in both Offices jointly. They di-England, for Two Years, ending the 5th of July 1779; vide the Account as equally as they can: Each Office and the other an Account of the Contributions to the takes a part, examines the Articles in that Part, reduces

Annuities and lottery for the Year 1781; Both these Accounts were declared upon the 29th of June 1782.

From the Inspection of the Accounts themselves, Appendix, and of the Lifts, and other Materials, returned with N° 1. them; and from the Examinations of John Lloyd and N° a. John Bray, El’quires, late Deputy Auditors of the

N° 3. Imprest; of Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the pre-

N*4. lent Deputy Auditors; Mr. John Walker, and Mr. N° 5. Bernard Cobbc, Two of the Clerks in that Office; and

N° 6. Abraham Neuiand, Esquire, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England; we are made acquainted with the Forms and Subject Matter of these Two Kinds of Public Accounts, and with the Manner in which they are examined and audited, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest.

In the First of these Accounts, that of the Sums received and paid on the Annuities, the Charge con-'lifts of the Arrears remaining on the preceding Account, and the Sums imprested from the Exchequer: The Discharge contains the Sums paid for Dividends on each Species of Annuities payable at the Bank of England, during the Two Years of the Account; and to the Total Sum paid on each Species is added the Auditor’s Fee, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Account of that Annuity: It contains also — The Sums paid for Principal and Interest of Annuities paid off — The Sums paid for Prizes in the Lotteries in the Time of the Account — The Sums allowed the Bank, for Charges of Management — ’The Fees and Charges paid by them to the Treasury, and other Offices — and the Balance.

The Materials from whence the Articles in this Account were collected, are — The Imprest Certificates — Lists of the Div idend Warrants in each Species of Annuities; each of these Dividend Lifts contains the Number of the Warrant, the Name of every Proprietor, his Share in the Capital Stock, and the proportional Half Year’s Annuity attending it — Lists of those Warrants, in each Species of Annuities inserted in the above-mentioned Lifts, but which remain unpaid at the Time to which the Account is brought down: These unpaid Lifts contain only the Number of each Warrant, and the Share of the Annuity — A Lift of those Arrears of former Dividends, in each Species of Annuities, which have been paid during the Period of the Account: In this Lift of Arrears are inserted, the Number of the Dividend, the Number of the Warrant, and the Share of the Annuity — A Lift of the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of such Funds as have been paid off — A Lift of the Certificates of Prizes in Lotteries, paid within the Time of the Account: Each Certificate is described in this Lift by the Number and the Sum contained in it. These several Lifts, with the Dividend Warrants and Certificates themselves, and with Abstracts of the Lifts, are sent from the Bank to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest every Year, as early after the Expiration of the Year of the Account, as they can conveniently be made up at the Bank.

Each Year’s Account comprehends the Payments upon Two Classes of Dividends, the one payable at Lady Day and Michaelmas, the other at Midsummer and Christmas; and accordingly the Accounts of these Payments terminate, the one Class at Michaelmas, the other at Christmas.

Though these Accounts are delivered Annually to the Auditor, yet it is usual for the Chief Cashier to

it into the official Form, and ingrolfes it: The Two Parts are then joined together, and form One Account; that on Paper is ingrossed in One Office, and that on Parchment in the other.

The Auditor proceeds upon the Materials he receives from the Bank, in the following Manner: —

The Dividend Lift of every Species of Annuities contains an Entry of every Warrant for the Payment of a Share in that Annuity, and consequently includes the Entries of the Warrants unpaid, as well as of those that are paid; and the Amount of the Shares of the Annuity in the Lift is the Amount of the Half Year’s Payment upon the Total of the Capital Stock in that Dividend.

The Auditor examines every Warrant; fees that it is correct; compares it with the correspondent Entry in the Dividend Lift; and marks that Entry: He then compares the Entries in the unpaid Lift, with the Entries not marked in the Dividend Lift; calls up both Lifts; and, deducting from the Amount of the Dividend Lift the Amount of the unpaid Lift, and the Amount of the Fra&ions, which, from their Minuteness, the Bank have not paid, the Residue is the Sum allowed the Chief Cashier, as the Amount of his Payments upon that Dividend Lift.

The Entries of the Warrants, in the Lift of Arrears, are compared with the Warrants themselves; and the Sum appearing to be paid for Arrears, in each Species of Annuities, is added to the Sum paid in the Dvidend Lift of that Annuity, and forms the Total Sum allowed the Chief Cashier for Dividends paid by him in that Species of Annuities, during the Period of the Account.

The Entries in the Lift of Payments of Principal and Interest of Annuities paid off, are examined by the Warrants for those Payments; and the Entries of the Payments in the Lift of Prices in the Lotteries, are compared with the Certificates; and the Totals of all these Lifts are compared with the Entries in the Abstracts.

The Charge is seldom drawn up until the Account is near a Completion.

All the Sums received by the Chief Cashier arc Iflfues from the Exchequer, and therefore to be verified by Imprest Certificates only: For this Purpose he procures, from the Receipt of the Exchequer, an Imprest Certificate for every Issue in the Time of the Account.

Each Imprest (except the last) is, in general, compounded of a complete Half Year’s Annuity upon One Species of Capital Stock, and the Charges of Management allowed the Bank upon that Capital; the last Article is a Sum to reimburse the Bank the Fees and Charges advanced by them, and allowed in the preceding Account. From these Imprest Rolls the Auditor draws up the Charge.

The Lifts and Entries having been thus examined, and found to be correct, and the Auditor having lo far formed his Account, the Chief Cashier, soon after he has paid all the Fees for this Account to the Treasury, the Exchequer, and Auditor’s Offices, tranlinits to the Auditor an Account Current, containing the n°7. Totals of all the Articles of the Charge and Discharge in the Two Years Account. If both Accounts are right, the Sums in the Account Current will agree with those in the official Account, except in the Payments on the Dividends, in which there is this Difference: — The Auditor, in his Account, adds to the

Total

24 Geo. lit. 5° tkcemhnL773

Eleventh Total Sum paid for the Dividends in each Species of 1 rrt Annuities, his ou n Fee for auditing the Account of that

/coiuiiu. Annuity; hut in the Account Current, the Total

Sum paid for the Dividend is stated Amply by itself, and all the Auditor’s Fees for the whole Account, including his Fees for examining the Contribution Accounts of the same Years, are collected together, and the Amount of them forms One Article in the Discharge: All the Fees paid by the Chief Cashier, at the other Offices, form another Article in both Accounts.

The Auditors are paid their Fees, and allow such Payments to the Chief Cashier, in the following Manner: —

Soon after they have finished their Examination of each Year’s Account, it has been customary for them to apply to the Bank for the Fees that become due to them in Consequence of that Examination. The Chief Cashier calculates the Fees according to the usual Hate, and advances them to the Auditors in equal V 8,9. Shares: He then prefeats a Memorial to the Treasury, hating that he has paid several Sums, to a certain Amount, for Fees of various Kinds, at die Treasury and Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the impreft, in Relation to his Accounts: He annexes a List of the particular Sums, and prays to be reimburibd. The Lords of the Treasury refer this Memorial to the Auditors of the impreft, to examine, and report upon it. The Auditor examines the Receipts necessary to be produced to him, as Vouchers for the Payments: He reports that the Fees paid at the Treasury and Exchequer are the usual Payments; and that the Fees paid to the Auditors of the impreft are computed at the same Rate as have from Time to Time been allowed by Treasury Warrants. Upon this Report, the Lords of the Treasury direct the Sum prayed, to be UTued to the Chief Cashier by Way of impreft and upon Account to reimburse the l ees thus paid by him. As the Cashier partes his Account only once in Two Years, but every Year pays Fees, and applies to the Treasury for a Re-imbursement, it follows that the Two Articles in the Account Current, the one comprehending the Total of the Fees paid to die Auditor, the other the Total of the Fees and Charges paid at the Treasury and other Offices, are compounded of the Sums stated under each of theft: Heads in the Two Memorials: And, as these Sums are issued to the Chief Cashier upon Account, they together form One Article in the Charge upon him in his next fecceeding Account, as a Sum to be accounted for by him.

The only remaining Article in the Discharge is the Allowance, either detained by the Bank out of llie Contributions, or claimed by them for the Charges of Management. This Article, being grounded upon the several A6!s of Parliament that create the Annuities, will come more properly after we have examined the other Account transmitted to us from the Auditor of the impreft; that is, the Account of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery. The Articles in the Account drawn up by the Auditors being found to agree with those in the Account Current, the Balance remaining in the Custody of the Bank must be likewise the same in both: This Balance consists of Dividends, Capital Stock paid off, and Sums received to pay Prizes in Lotteries remaining in the Bank unclaimed by the Proprietors.

The Chief Cashier signs the Account Current, and swears to it before a Baron of the Exchequer: The Account is then presented for Declaration, and parted through the several Offices of the Exchequer.

The Account of the Two Years before us consists t dof tire following Sums: In the Charge, the Balance on

*4,719.17.6;. the former Account is Two hundred and Eighty-four thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds Seven-

Vol. 39.

114,427. 1. 6.

*1,693.

teen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing: Received to pay £ , j the Annuities, Seven Millions Thirty-nine thousand 7.0^9,374. 1. «.* Three hundred and Seventy-five Pounds One Shilling:

To pay Prizes'in Two Lotteries, Nine hundred and 980,000. o. o. Eighty thousand Pounds: To feimburse the Bank the Fees and Charges paid by them in the last Account,

Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Sixty-seven 19,367.17.10.

Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence: For Charges of Management, One hundred and Fourteen thousand 114*27. 1. 6.

Four hundred and Twenty-fevCn Pounds One Shilling

and Six Pence: — Total Charge, Eight Millions Four 8*37,889. ,7. io{.

hundred and Thirty-seven thousand Right hundred and

Eighty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence

Farthing. — In the Discharge, Dividends paid. Seven 7*12*37. 4. 0.

Millions Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-

seven Pounds Four Shillings: Principal and luterefl

of Annuities paid off, Two thousand Nine hundred *,962. 7. 7.

and Sixty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence:

Certificates for Prizes, Nine hundred and Sixty-nine 969,844. o. o. thousand Eight hundred and Forty-four Pounds: Allowances for Management, One hundred and Fourteen thousand Four hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence: Fees to the Auditors, Twenty-one thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds; and at the Treasury and other Offices, One thousand 1.1*0. 16. . One hundred and Twenty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence: — Total Discharge, Eight Millions One 8,123,004. 9. 7. hundred and Twenty-three thousand and Four Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pfence. — Balance remaining in the Custody of the Bank, Three hundred and Fourteen 314,3*5- * si* thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence Farthing.

The other Account, that of the Contributions to Annuities and a Lottery, comes to the Office of the Auditor of the impreft in & Shape different from the former: The first official Notice he has of it is from a Memorial referred to him by the Ixirds of the Treasury.

When an Act of Parliament has parted for raffing the Supplies by Annuities and a Lottery, about the End of the Year, soon after the Payments of the Contributions are completed, the Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England present a Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of la> the Treasury, with an Account annexed, containing a Charge and Discharge: The Charge consists 01 Two Articles; The Amount of the Contributions to the Annuities, and, The Amount of the Contributions to the Lottery, — The Discharge has Three Articles;.

The Sum paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer,

The Sum paid for interest to those Contributors who advanced their Money before the Times appointed for making the several Payments, and, The Sum retained by the Bank for the Service, Pains, and Labour of their Officers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for this Money, and the Charges attending it: The Memorial prays they may be allowed to retain the Sutn therein mentioned, for the Charges; and that they may be allowed a certain Annual Sum for the Services respecting the Annuities, as being agreeable to former Allowances for the like Services; and that it may be paid to the Chief Cashier for their-Use. This Memorial is referred by the Treasury to the Auditors of the impreft, for their Examination and Report.

The Auditor, upon the Receipt of this Memorial, proceeds to examine the Account annexed to it. The-,

Charge requires no Proof or Verification; for the Chief Cashier admits the Receipt of the whole Slim directed by the Act to be raised.

In the Discharge, the Sum stated to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer is verified by tire Exchequer Tallies, which the Chief Cashier fends to the Aacfitor, with a List of the Sum? so paid m; lie fends

9 L likewise

Eleventh Report on Public Account*.

774 5* Decembrist. A. 1783,

likewise a Book, ilgned by himself, containing a particular Account of the Sums paid for Interest on the Money advanced. The Auditor computes each Sum, and casts up the Articles, to see that the Total agrees with the Sum stated in the Account: The remaining Article is the Allowance the Bank pray to retain, for the Charges of receiving, paying, and accounting for the Contributions: This the Auditor examines, and reports that it is in Proportion to former Allowances for the like Services: He reports also, that the Annual Sum prayed by them for the Charges of Management, is according to the Rate formerly allowed in Accounts for the like Services.

In consequence of this Report, the Lords of the Treasury authorize and direct the Auditors to allow in the Account the Sum paid to the Contributors for Interest, and the Sum craved by the Bank for their Charges in receiving, paying, and accounting for the Contributions. As to the Allowance of the Annual Sum for the Charges of Management, they are silent.

But though the Lords of the Treasury do not, in their Directions to the Auditors on this Memorial, impower them to allow the Charges of Management to the Bank in their Cashier’s subsequent Accounts of these Annuities, yet the Treasury Warrants to the Exchequer, for the llfues of the Sums to pay the Half Yearly Dividends on them, seem sufficiently to authorize the Auditor to make such Allowances.

These Warrants include not only the Half Years Annuity, but likewise a separate and distinct Sum expressed to be for the Charges of Management, after the usual Rate, upon that Annuity; and the Imprest Certificate produced to the Auditor, to verify the Imprest Article in the Charge, contains a Sum compounded of the Annuity, and the Allowance to the Bank. — It remains to enquire upon what Authority the Lords of the Treasury ground themselves, in authorizing the Payment of these several Fees and Charges, and at what Rate they are calculated.

The various Fees paid at the Treasury, and the Offices of the Exchequer, are stated particularly in the Two Bank Memorials. The Auditors, as to One of them, report. That the Fees are vouched by Lists of the Particulars, and Receipts; and, as to the other, that they are the usual Payments: And upon these Reports is founded the Treasury Warrant, that directs the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer to issue to the Chief Cashier a Sum to reimburse the Fees thus paid by him.

The Authority exercised by the Treasury in granting the Allowances to the Bank, is grounded upon the Act that creates the Annuities. The Act of the Year 1781 (the Year of the Contribution Account before us) for raising Money by Way of Annuities, and establishing a Lottery, pursuing the like Forms with the Acts of the same Kind in preceding Years, appoints the Cashiers of the Bank of England Receivers of the Contributions, and empowers the Commissioners of the Treasury, in such Manner as to them shall seem reasonable, to discharge the incidental Charges attending the Execution of this Act, and to settle the Allowances for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Contributions, and for the Annuities, and for the Service of the Accountant General of the Bank; which Allowances are for the Use and Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and at their Disposal. The Lords of the Treasury, being thus empowered by the Legislature to settle the Quantum of the Recompence to the Bank, are governed in the Exercise of this Power, by such Rules as appear to have been adopted by their Predecessors.

The Services for which the Bank crave an Allowance are of Three Kinds — The Receipt of the Contributions

to the Annuities — the Receipt of the Contributions to the Lottery — and the Annual Management of the Annuities.

The estimated Rate of these Allowances are stated in their Memorial to the Treasury. As to the Contributions, they pray to be allowed to retain at the Rate of Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings soS. ,j. £ and Ten Pence per Million, as being in Proportion to former Allowances for the like Services; and the Auditors report, that it is in that Proportion. As to the Lottery, they crave One thousand Pounds upon the i*oo, e. # same Ground; the Auditors report, that it is the same as has been allowed in former Accounts of the like Services. As to the Charges of Management, they pray to be allowed a certain specified Annual Sum, agreeable to former Allowances for the like Services; the Auditors repbrt, that the Allowance prayed is at the Rate of Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings a 56*. ». Year for every Million; which they represent to be the same in Proportion as has been allowed for transacting Annuities granted in former Years.

Hence, from the Memorial, and the Auditors Report, taken together, it appears, that the Bank crave, for receiving the Contributions to the Annuities, at the Rate of Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen g0j. 15. Shillings and Ten Pence per Million on the Money received; for receiving the Contributions to the Lottery, a Sum of One thousand Pounds; and for managing ,000. a 0. the Annuities, at the Rate of Five hundred and ,0. 0. Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, per Million, upon the Capital Stock created: But, the Annuities being of Two Kinds, Perpetual, and, For Years, they are different ns to the Subject of the Transfer; in the one, the Capital is transferable, in the other, the Annuity.

As the Rate of Allowance for Management is taken upon the Capital, and not upon the Annuity, it becomes necessary to estimate the Value of the Annuity for Years, so as to bring the Rate of Management upon them to an Equality with the like Rate upon the Perpetual Annuities. The Value of both the Long and Short Annuities (for the different Duration makes no Difference in the Annual Trouble to the Bank) is computed at Twenty-five Years Purchase; and this produces a Sum, upon which the same Rate per Million being calculated, gives the like Allowance for the Management of these as of the Four per Cent.

Annuities.

As the first Creation of Annuities is within Time of Memory, we endeavoured to trace these Allowances up to their Origin. The oldest Annuities at present in being, transferable at the Bank, are those of the Year 1726; but they are not the first that were committed to their Management. During the Reigns of King William and Queen Anne, we do not find any Contributions to Annuities received at the Bank; they were all paid into the Exchequer: The first that appear to have been paid into the Bank, are Contributions to Annuities granted in the First Year of King George the First, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent. £ L A for raising Two Sums, of Nine hundred and Ten 9*0.000.0.0. thousand Pounds, by the First of George the First,

Chapter the Nineteenth; and of One hundred and *69.000.0 0.

Sixty-nine thousand Pounds, by Chapter the Twenty-

firti.

The First of these Acts empowers the Commissioners of the Treasury to allow the Cashier, out of the Contribution Money, for his Pains and Charges in receiving and accounting for the fame, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds; and the Second Act joo. 0. 0. empowers them to allow him a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds; and in a Manuscript Book »°«- « belonging to the Bank, and ftibmitted to our Inspection, in which are entered Abstracts of Public Accounts

C rf.

6co. o- o. S05. 15. 10.

%COtQOO, o. o.

500. a o.

N° 11.

I * '

1,000. o. o.

1,500,000. o. o. 00,000. o. o’

9,380. II. 9. 1,950. Ok o.

1.000. o. .

9.000. o. O.

950 o. a 100. o.

I.

JOO. o. o. too. o. o.

4 Geo. III. 5* Decembrts.

775

counts patted by their Cashiers,

Cashier at that Time, appears to have been allowed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, for receiving those Two Contributions; which is the first Entry of an Allowance of the Kind in this Manuscript.

Since the Year 1719 to the present Time, where the Annuities have been created, either from the Sum subscribed, or from a Lottery convertible into Annuities, this Allowance has been at the Rate of Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence Million, the Rate craved in the Memorial before us, except in the Year 1742. By the Act of that Year, the Fifteenth of George the Second, Chapter the Nineteenth, for raising Eight hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, the Commissioners of the Treasury are empowered to allow the Cashier, out of the Contribution Money, Five hundred Pounds, for his Pains and Trouble in receiving and accounting for the fame; and by a Warrant, dated the 22d ot J 1743. transmitted to us from the Treasury. that Sum was allowed him. But where the Receipt of the Contributions has been attended with any additional or unusual Trouble or Expence, the Bank have been allowed at a higher Rate: In the Year 1747 they were allowed One thousand Pounds per Million.

The Bank appear to have received Contributions to Lotteries earlier than the Year 1714, which was their I'irit Year of receiving Contributions to Annuities: In 1710 and 1711 they received the Contributions to Two Lotteries of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds each; and, in the following Year, to Two Lotteries of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds each: These are the first entered in the Manu-feript Book above-mentioned; and it is there fiated, that they were allowed, as to the Two first, for their Pains and Service in receiving, paying, and accounting for the Monies received, and for all their Charges and Expences in performing this Service (the Charges of parting the Accounts excepted) Two thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; for the Two latter they were allowed One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds each.

The Receipt of these Contributions is attended with dittereut Degrees of Trouble and Expence. The Number of Tickets and Subscribers varies in different Lotteries: In the most simple, the whole Business is the Receipt of the Money, the Payment of it into the Exchequer, and the Payment of the Certificates of the fortunate Tickets; in others, it is attended either with the Creation or Redemption of Annuities: Hence the Allowance to the Bank for this Service has varied, according to these Circumstances, from One thousand Pounds, the Sum craved in the Memorial before us, to Two thousand Pounds, the Sum allowed them in the Years 1772, 1774, and 1775.

The remaining Allowance, which is that for the Charges of Management, commenced with the Grant of Annuities in the Year 1714: The Two A fts of that Year, above alluded to, empower the Coromif-lioners of the Treasury to allow', " out of the Sum " granted for the Payment of the Annuities to the " Cashier, Two Salanes or Allowances, the one not " exceeding Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, the " other One hundred Pounds, a Year, for receiving " the Money to pay the Annuities, and applying the 0 same to that Ule, and for his Pains and Charges " for rendering his Accounts thereof; and to the Accountant General Two Salaries, the One not " exceeding Two hundred Pounds, the other One " hundred Pounds, for his Service and Charge in " performing the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him " by these Acts."

As all Warrants for these Allowances proceed from Vo L.39.

the Treasury, we required from them a Copy of the First Warrant granted for an Allowance to the Bank, for Charges of Management: The Copy transmitted N° 11. to us is that of a dormant Warrant, dated the 2d of July 1718, directed to the principal Cashier of the Bank of England; and, authorizing him to retain, out of the Monies imprested to him for the Purposes of the Acts, the Allowances therein mentioned, t i

amounting to Six hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, 650. o. o.

to commence from Michaelmas 1715: And it appears from the Entries in the Bank Manuscript above-mentioned, that this Allowance continued during the Existence of the Annuities; all of which appear to have been either redeemed or subscribed into the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company. Hie One 1,000,000. a o. Million Annuities of the Year 1726 were created by the Twelfth of George the First, Chapter the Second:

For the Management of them the Bank are now', and have been ever since they were granted, allowed Three hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year. The Act J6*- itself is silent as to this Allowance; but it appears by a Treasury Warrant, dated the 20th of December N* <3-1726, a Copy of which we procured from the Auditors of the Imprest, that, upon a Memorial from the Bank, praying such an Allowance for their Charges of Management of these Annuities as the Treasury should think reasonable, the then Lords of the Treasury. granted and allowed them, for this Purpose, Three 360. o. o. hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year, to commence from the Michaelmas preceding; and directed the Cashier to retain this Sum in his Hands, for the Use of the Governor and Company of the Bank, out of the Monies of the Fund, for the said Annuities to be imprested to him, and authorized the Auditois of the Imprest to allow it

The next Annuities were, Eight hundred thousand ®00>000- °-

Pounds granted in the Year 1731: Of these. Seven 769,135.9. hundred and Sixty-nine thousand Two hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, are now a Part of the consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, the Remainder being redeemed: For the Management of these the Bank is now,:

and always have been, allowed at the Rate of Three hun- 360. o. 0. dred and Sixty Pounds a Year; but upon what Ground this Rate was established, does not appear.

The Eight hundred thousand Pounds Annuities, of 800,000. O. O. the Year 1742, were the next Creation: By the Act of that Year, above alluded to, the Treasury are empowered to allow the Cashier, out of the Sinking Fund, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, *50. 0. a.

and the Accountant a Sum not exceeding Two hundred *00. o. o.

Pounds a Year, for the like Services as are expressed in the Act of the Year 1714: This is after the Rate of Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings 562. to o. per Million; and that Rate has been adhered to ever since.

From hence we collect the Charges of Management allowed at this Time to the Bank: For the Million Three per Cent. Annuities of the Year 1726, Three hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year: 3«°- o. o.

For the Remainder of the Eight hundred thousand 800,000. o. o. Pounds of the Year 1731, at the Rate of Three 360. o. o. hundred and Sixty Pounds: For all the other Annuities, either at Three per Cent, or Four per Cent, or for Years, at the Rate of Five hundred and Sixty-two 562. 10. o. Pounds Ten Shillings a Million, estimating the latter at Twenty-five Years Purchase;, and at this Rate is the Allowance prayed by the Bank in the Memorial before us.

There are Two more Annual Allowances issued to the Bank from the Exchequer, which relate to their own Capital Stock, and are the only Allowances, upon that Stock: These are Two Sums, of Fpur.thousand o.

Pounds,

77$ 5° Decembris*A- 1783.

£ 1. d. Pounds, and One thousand Eight hundred and Ninety->>*9 J- s- gjg^t Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence.

The Fiill Incorporation of the Hank was in the Year 1694. The Act of the Fifth of and Mary.

Chapter the Twentieth, forms the Subscribers to a Loan t'loo/jco. o. o. of One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds to Government, into a Body Corporate, and appropriates jqo.oco. a o. One hundred thousand Pounds a Year for their Ule;

that is. Eight per Cent, upon the Capital, leaving a 4.000. o. o. Residue of Four thousand Pounds.

At a General Court of the Bank of England, held N° 14. the 26th of April 1695, a Committee report it as their

4.«». o. t Opinion, that Four thousand Pounds should be presented to the Governor, Deputy, and Directors, for the Year 1C95, as a Recompence for their great Pains and constant Attendance no the Affairs of the Bank: And by the Thirteenth Bye Law of the Company, the Payment of this Sum is established, and continued to them as an Annual Recompence. The other Allow- $. j. ance, that of One thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence a Year, is in consequence of the Bank having become Pur-

4.000,000. o. o. chafers, from the South Sea Company, of Four Millions of their Capital: The Ground of this Allowance will appear in our Examination into the Manner in which the Cashierof the South Sea Company pafles his Account in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. Observing this Officer likewise among the Public Accountants, upon the Certificate of Accounts depending in that Office, we required from them the last declared Account of the Cashier of the South Sea Company of Annuities payable and transferable at die South Sea House, with the Materials from which that Account was made out

The Account returned to us was that of Peter Burrell, Esquire, Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, of die Money imprested to him for paying the Annuities granted in the Year 1751, made payable at the South Sea House, for Three Years ending the 5th January 1781: This Account was declared the 2ad 1781. From the Account itself, together with the Ex-N* J5,16. aminations of Charles Hatris, and Peter Burrell, Esquires, we are furnished with Knowledge of the Articles it contains, and the Manner in which it is audited and formed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. The Charge in this Account consists of the Balance remaining on the preceding Account, and the Sums imprested from the Exchequer: The last of these is a Sum to pay the Fees on the preceding Account; the others are compounded of the Half Year’s Annuity, and the Charges of Management for each Yalf Year. The Discharge contains each Half Yearly Payment by the Cashier to the South Sea Company, for the Charges of Management, limply by itself, and the Amount of the Three Years: It contains the Half Yearly Payments for the Annuities, call up to a Total; the Fees paid at the Treasury and Exchequer Offices for this Account; and the Cashier's Allowance for the Period of the preceding Account, with the Balance remaining in the Calli of the South Sea Company.

Every Year the Cashier fends to the Auditor the Two Half Year’s Dividend Books, each containing the Names of all the Proprietors, with their respective Shares in the Capital, and the Annuity attending each Share, and the Number of each Warrant. Each Dividend Book is accompanied with a paid Lift, containing Entries of all the Warrants paid upon that Dividend, and for the Arrears of former Dividends during that Half Year, and with the Warrants themselves ranged in a numerical Order. The Auditor compares the Warrants with the correspondent Entries in the Dividend Book, and marks them oft'; he then examines the paid Lift with the Dividend Book,

Q2

and with the Warrants for the Arrears, and gives the Eleventh Cashier Credit for the Amount of the paid Lilt. Kepm-i

After the Expiration of the Three Years, the Cashier °"

9 Acromif s

transintts to the Auditor his Account Current, containing a complete State of the Three Years Receipts and N° 17. Payments. To verify the Charge, which conlifts of Issues from the Exchequer, he produces the Imprest Certificates. In the Discharge the First Article is, the Charges of Management paid to the South Sea Company:

The Auditor allows it, upon the Authority of a dormant Warrant from the Treasury, dated the 29th November M" 181 1752; which directs the Cashier to retain, from Time to Time, out of the Money to be imprested to him, a Sum therein mentioned, for the Use of the South Sea Company, and authorizes the Auditor to allow it. The Treai'ury direct this Allowance, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by the Act of the Twenty-fourth George the Second, Chapter the Second, which created thele Annuities, to discharge the incident Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and to appoint such Allowance a9 they shall think just and realbnnblc, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Annuities. f

This Allowance to the South Sea Company is One 1,089. »s- 6.

thousand and Eighty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence a Year; which, upon One Million Nine 1,919,600.0.0. Imodred and Nineteen thousand Six hundred Pounds, the Sum now remaining of the Two Millions One IjIOOjCCO. o. o. hundred thousand Pounds, the original Capital of the Annuities of the Year 17.51, is at the Rate allowed to the Bank, of Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten s«2-Shillings per Million. The Total Sura allowed for Management of this Account is Three thousand Two 3»*39- < hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence: The Total Sum paid for Dividends, is the Amount of the paid Lifts, which have been examined with the Warrants by the Auditor. This Total is the same both in the Official and Account Current; but the Articles of which it is made up, are differently compounded: The Auditor’s Articles are the Total Sums paid, during the Period of the Account, upon each separate Dividend; the Cashier’s, are the Sums paid by him during each Half Year, and therefore include the Arrears of former Dividends, as well as the Payments on the Dividends of each Half Year. The Total Sum in this Account, paid for Dividends, is One hundred 171,786. 9. n. and Seventy-one thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence. The remaining Article in the Discharge is the Sum paid for Fees and Charges at the several Offices: To obtain this Allowance, the Cashier presents a Memorial' N° 19. to the Treasury, with a Schedule of these Fees and Charges annexed, praying a Warrant to die Auditors of the Imprest, authorizing them to allow him l’uch Payments: This Memorial is referred to the Auditors, for their Consideration and Report. The Auditors, in their Report, range the Articles under Two Clafies the one confiding of Articles that relate to the last declared Account, the other of Articles that relate to the Account, depending; which, they say, are in Proportion to what have been usually allowed in preceding Accounts of this Service. Upon this Report, the Treasury direct the Auditors to give Allowance to them; and the Sum thus allowed him hi die Account depending is issued afterwards to the Cashier, from the Exchequer, upon Account, and therefore inserted as an Article in the Charge in his next succeeding Account. The Total Sum under this Head, t g

in the Account before us, is Nine hundred and 9*4- 9.

Eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence; and the Balance remaining in the Hands of the South Sea Company is Eleven thotifmd Six hundred and 11,618. 15. 7.

Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

The Account Current is signed by the Cashier, and

' fivora

24 Geo. III.

5° Decembris.

£ -

*.'77.967- »$

,oooo.

(worn to by. bim before a Baron of the Exchequer. The It* of the Year 1751 are the only Annuities trails-fcrable at the South Sea House, of which an Account is rendered at the Exchequer. The other Stocks, namely, the South Sea Stock, and the Old and New Annuities, are attended with Annuities not subject to Account. The Act that granted these of the Year 1751, expressly directs the Monies for the Payment of them to lie ifl’ued by way of impreft, and upon Account: The Asti that created the others do not give the Like Dirpftion; but for the Charges of their Management the Public pay an Annual Sum to the Company.

Thd'e, now Three distinct Funds, originally constituted One Capital only, under the Appellation of The South Sea Stock. The Company was erected by the Act of the 9th Queen Anne, Chapter the aift, 4 in the Year 1710: It confided of the Proprietors of 4- public Debts, to the Amount of Nine Millions One hundred and Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four pence, which Sum formed the First Capital Stock of the South Sea Company. This Act directs, that the Sum thereby appropriated to answer the Annuity to the South Sea Company, should be issued and paid out of the Receipt of the Exchequer, without Fee or Charge; and for the ('barges of Management of that Capital.it * directs Eight thousand Pounds a Year to be paid to the Cashier, for the Use of the Company, out of the Funds therein mentioned: Additions were made from Time to Time to this Capital by various Acts of Parliament, and some of them gave an Increase to the ' Allowance for the Charges of Management.

In the Year 1720, the Bank, pursuant to the Pow-eis given in the Act of the 7th George the lft. Chapter the .5th, purchased of the South Sea Company Four Millions of their Capital, which was ingrafted into the Bank Stock; and with it they took, for their own Benefit, One thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence a Year (the Sum before-mentioned) as Part of, and being the proportionable Share of, the Sum then allowed by the Legislature to the South Sea Company, for the Charges of Management of their whole Capital; and this Sum has been since issued every Year to the Bank, as a Compensation for that Service.

In the Year 1722, by the Act of the Qth George the lft. Chapter the 6th, the whole Capital Stock of the South Sea Company was divided into Two equal Parts; and 16,901,141.17. of ()lie Moiety, amounting to Sixteen Millions Nine hundred ami One thousand Two hundred and Forty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings One Farthing, was separated from the Capital, and converted into One Joint Stock, and named The Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities, with an Annuity attending it, of Five Pounds per Cent, payable out of the Funds of the Company, in lieu of all other Profits and Advantages accruing from or belonging to the Capital Stock. This Annuity was continued to be issued from the Exchequer to the Company, but in Trust for the Proprietors of the new-created Stock.

In the Year 17;2, by the Act of the 6th George the I Id, Chapter the 2Sth, Three F ourth Parts of the re-o.9U,3i7. it. ej. niui»ing Capital of this Company, amounting to Ten Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand

Q v U

Three hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three I’arthings, was, in like Manner, separated from it, and converted into a new Stock, called The new Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities, with an Annuity of Four Pounds per Cent, attending it, payable out of the same F’unds, and to be issued from the Exchequer to the Company, in Trust for the Proprietors of this new Stock; but these Separations from the Capital Stock occasioned no Alteration in the Charges of Management; the Payment of Yt> l. 39.

4,000,000. O- «.

l,*9t. 3. j.

777

the same Sum was continued fb the Company, and remains at this Day, except as far as it has been diminished, in Proportion to the Diminution of the several Capitals by Redemption. The present Allowance is Fourteen thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence a Year upon the oid Aggregate Capital of Twenty-four Millions Sixty-five thousand and Eighty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven ( Pence Halfpenny, comprehending the Total of the Three Capitals above-mentioned: This Allowance, being compounded of Sums granted by different Acts, and computed at different Rates, cannot be estimated at any one given Rate: It is issued Annually, with the Year’s Annuity, from the Exchequer, by virtue of a Treasury Warrant, under the Authority of the several Acts above-mentioned.

From this Enquiry into the Subjtft 6f these Bank and South Sea House Account, it appears that, exclusive of the Sums paid every Year in Annuities to their Creditors, the Public incur Two other Kinds of Annual Expences, in Consequence of the Debts they contract: The one is, Payments to the Public Companies for transacting the Annuities they have granted, called the Charges of Management; the other is, Feed and other Charges, at the several Public Offices, incidental to the Issue of the Money for the Payment; and to the auditing and passing the Accounts of these Annuities. As the Money for defraying the First of these Expences is issued from the Exchequer, usually, with the Annuities themselves; that we might have the Annual Amount of it before us at One View, and be likewise enabled to state the present Debt of this Nation, with all its attendant Expences (the most important of the Public Accounts) we procured from the Auditor of the Exchequer an Account of all the Public Debts standing out at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, upon the 5th of July last, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges payable for the fame, distinguishing the Interest from the Charges. In this Account the Charges of Management of the Debt therein stated, which is the present Subject of our Attention, amount to One hundred and Twenty-four thousand Three hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Three' Shillings and One Penny, exclusive of Three hundred and Sixty Pounds allowed for the Management of the Annuities of the Year 1726, and of the Sum to be claimed for the Loan of the present Year; which, at the same Rate, upon Fifteen Millions perpetual Annuities, and Eighty thousand Pounds a Year long Annuities, is Nine thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings: The Addition of these Two Sums makes the Total of this Charge for the present Year One hundred and Thirty-four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny. As the Public Debt has increased, this Expence has increased with it; and as by far the greatest Part of the Annuities have been transacted at the Bank, their Share in this Allowance is great in Proportion; it will amount this Year to One hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Four Sniffings and Four Pence, exclusive of the Four thousand Pounds, Part of the One hundred thousand Pounds originally granted to them; which, being allotted by the Proprietors as a Compensation to their Governor, Deputy, and Directors, is not considered as an Allowance for Management; it is therefore included in the Column of Annual Interest, in the State of the Publid Debt. This Allowance is intended as a RecOmpence to the Public Companies for their Trouble, and the Expences they incur for Buildings, Clerks, Stationary, and Variods other Contingencies, and as a Compensation for the Losses they are liable to fultairt. It is a Bargain between them and that Branch of the Administration to whom the Conduct; of the Finances is intruded; and the Rate at which the Bank are paid has not varied 9 M tince

Eleventh Up port on Ptil.lic Accounts.

£ - 14,0x2. 3.

24,065,0^4.13. ii{.

N° 2*

N° 2U

C i. d-1*4.369- 3- *

j6o. o. .

15,000*000. o. o. $0,000. ©. o 9,562. 10. d.

»34>*9*- *3- H

N° i2.

£. d.

112,252. 4. 4-

4,000. o. o. ico, oooo; o. ©.

el

5° Decembris. A. 1783.

finee the Year l "42. Whether this is an equal Bargain between the Public and the Companies, depends upon a Variety of Circumstances, the Difcuf-lion of which would employ much d ime, and probably to no efftfhial Purpose. The Sum allowed is £. 1*1.OOOO.COO. of Magnitude, and so is the Undertaking. One hundred and Eighty-one Millions of redeemable Annui-1,098,000- an(j one Million Ninety-eight thousand Pounds of Annuities for Years, are transferable at the Bank of England. The Board intrusted by the Legislature to settle the Quantum of the Compensation best know how closely the Interest and Credit of the Nation are connected with those of the Companies, how frequently they itand in Need of each other's Assistance, and what Intercourse is necessary between them; and, consequently, in making their Bargains with the Companies, can take into their Consideration every Circumstance, and preserve an even Balance between them and the State.

The other Branch of Annual Expence, incidental to the Public Debt, is the Fees and other Charges paid at the Public Offices upon the Blue, and for auditing and passing the Accounts of these Annuities: The Total of them for the Two Years ending the 5th July 1779, as stated in the Bank Memorials t A above alluded to, and confirmed by the Report of M.sij. 16. 6. the Auditors of the Imprest, is Twenty-two thousand Eight hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings 11,693. a o. antj Six Pence; of which Twenty-one thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds was paid to the *,«io. 16. 6. Auditors of the Imprest; the Remainder, being One thousand One hundred and Twenty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six pence, to the other Offices. Should the Substitution of Salaries in the place of Fees and Perquisites, in these Offices, become the Subject of Consideration, the Reasonableness and Propriety of the Fees enumerated in thele Accounts will come under the Discussion of those Persons to whom the Power Hull be intrusted of settling the Quantum of the Equivalent; but the Sum paid to the Auditors of the Im-p eft so far exceeds the rest, as to require our imme-d ate Attention. This Payment is grounded upon a Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer dated

the 4th July 1704. a Copy of which was transmitted to us by the Auditors of the Imprest. This Warrant confirms the Report of Henry , Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and William Lowndes, Esquire, Secretary to the Treasury, concerning Allowances to be made to the Auditors of the Imprest on passing Accounts; in which Report there is this Article — " Lottery Pensions. For every " Year’s Account of the Payment of the Lottery " Pensions, commonly called the Million Lottery, " hereafter to be declared, the Sum of One hundred " Pounds, and in that Proportion as aforesaid, during " the Continuance of the said Pensions." These Lottery Pensions were Annuities granted in the Year £. i. / 1694, by the Act of the Fifth of William and i.cco.coo.o.o. Chapter the Seventh, for raising One Million: They were for Sixteen Years, at the rate of Fourteen Pounds per Cent. An Officer was appointed for the Payment of them at the Exchequer, who was to pass his Accounts before the Auditors of the Imprest. One

100.0.0. hundred Pounds being thus allowed for auditing the Annual Account of these Annuities, amounting to

140,000. o. o- One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds a Year, pur-

1,000,000.0.0. chafed with One Million, the Annual Allowance to the Auditors has ever since been calculated at the 100.0 0. of One hundred Pounds per Million on the

N° 23* Capital. Ilence this Payment has kept an even Pace with the Public Debts It amounted, upon the Bank N» 24. Accounts for the Year 1781, as appears by an Ac-«C '4.833- 7 4- count of them procured from the Bank, to Fourteen thousand Eight hundred Thirty-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence; and will amount this Year, and continue for every succceding Year, if no

Eleventh

lit p i] t

on Public Accounts.

Alteration is made in the Annuities, to Nineteen thousand Six hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence.

o o

The Business for which this Sum is intended to be the Compensation, is the Examination of the Dividend and other Warrants; comparing them with their correspondent Entries in the Lilts; calling up the Items; reducing the Account into the official Form } and ingrossing it.

It is true, in general, that w:here Money is issued from the Exchequer, to be applied to certain Public Purposes, an Account should be passed of that Money, that the Public may know and be satisfied as to the Application; but Circumstances may create Exceptions to this, as well as to every other general Rule: The Trust may be so well guarded by the Mode of Execution, as to render a Misapplication or Abuse hardly practicable; or the Expence of taking the Account may be so heavy, as to outweigh every possible Advantage to be derived from it.

A Sum equal to a Half Year’s Annuity is iffiicd from the Exchequer to the Bank, to be divided among the Proprietors of that Annuity, in Proportion to the Interest of each in the Capital; the making this Division is the Trust which the Bank engage to execute: The Manner ift which they execute it, we learn from the Information of Mr. William Edwards, Deputy Accountant of the Bank.

When the Transfer Books of any Annuity are (hut, for the Payment of the Dividend, the Share of every Proprietor in the Capital Stock is extracted from his Account in the Ledger, and set opposite to his Name; a Dividend Warrant is filled up for-each Proprietor, with his Share in the Capital, and Annuity attending it: A Dividend Book is formed, comprehending the Name of every Proprietor, the Folio of his Account in the Ledger, his Share in the Capital and Annuity, and the Number of his Warrant: A Duplicate is made of this Dividend Book: The Original, Duplicate and Warrants, are all compared together: That the Warrants may be correct, and correspond with the Dividend Books, they undergo various Formalities, and Examinations by different Clerks; and, after being signed by the proper Officer, they are deposited in the Office where the Annuity is transafited, until the Proprietors apply for Payment. The Person receiving it signs the Dividend Book, opposite the Name of the Proprietor, and the Receipt at the Bottom of the Warrant, which is witnessed by the Clerk who delivers it. The Teller pays it, enters it in his Book, and cancels it; after which it is entered in a Caffi Book in the Dividend Warrant Office, and in the Check Ledger in the Check Office; where all the paid Warrants are ranged in numerical Order, and the Total of them compared with the Total of the unpaid Lift made out at the Annuity Office: From thence they are transmitted to the Auditor of the Imprest.

This Transaction is Ample; — the Division of a certain Sum among a Number of Persons, in Proportion to their Interests. Many Persons are employed in this Division; and it seems well fenced against Fraud or Error. The Company can misapply no Part of this Money, for the whole Annuity is distributed in the Dividend Warrants; and the Entries of the Shares in the Dividend Books, which are transcribed into the Warrants, are call up, to see that they comprehend the Whole. Whatever Abuse or Error may be committed, must immediately affect the Proprietor; as by forging a Receipt, or obtaining it from him by Fraud, or refusing him Payment, or by an erroneous Calculation of his Share; but against these the Auditor’s Examination is no Security: The injured Proprietor must apply to the Company for Relief; and, if refused, he has his legal Remedy. These Circumstances cannot come before the Auditor; All he requires is a formal Receipt for every Payment;

04 and

£.19,682.3. N" 25.

N* 2<t.

£. io, cco.

N*

1. * 357»*H- * °

*S4.*44- '* »

110,000. o.

24 Geo. III. 50 Dec. 779

and lie allots it to the Company without further Enquiry; 11 is Business is merely a Companion of the different Entries of the same Sums, and casting up a Number of Articles — the Employment of inferior Clerks: lie is a Check upon the Formality of the Warrant, and the Accuracy of the Calling; and for this the Public are to pay, if the present System of accounting is continued, near Twenty thousand Pounds a Year.

Since then this Trust reposed in the Public Companies, being simple in its Nature, and guarded in its Execution, is not, as appears to us, open to Abuse; nor the Public Money iiiued for this Service liable to Misapplication; we arc of Opinion, that the Public derives no Benefit whatever from the Examination of the llank and South Sat Annuities in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; and consequently, that such Examination ouuht to be discontinued, as a heavy and unnecessary Expence to the Public. Wc are warranted in this Opinion by Usage in a ftmilar Instance: No Account of the Oid und New South Annuities is rendered at the Exchequer: Being originally Part of the Capital South Sea Stock, they were, as such, exempt from Account: The Annuities paid by Government upon all the Capital trading Stocks, the Bank, the South Sea, and the East India Stock, are itlued from the Exchequer without Account: The ltculon Items to be this; — the Annuity is granted to the Company in their collective Capacity, as a Body Corporate, and paid to them as One entire l)ebt to One Person: After the Officer appointed by them has received it, Government has no more to do with it; it iies upon those to whom the Company have intruded the Direction and Management of their Affairs, to take Care that a just Division of it is made among their Members: But upon the Separation of the Old and New Annuities from the Capital Stock, the Proprietors of those E'unds no longer continued Members of the Company: They quitted all Share both in the Direction and the Profits: They became distinct Bodies of Men, like the Proprietors of any other Government Security: The proportional Shares of the original Annuity, which they became entitled to upon the Separation, continued to be iiiued, and are now issued from the Exchequer to the Company, blended with the Stock Annuity; but the Acts expressly iav, those Shares fliull be issued in Trust for the Proprietors; and therefore, from the Time of the Separation, the Company became responiihle to Government for the Payment of thcle Annuities, just as the Governor and Company of the Bank of England stand at this Time responsible for the Payment of the Dividends upon any Capital they transact; and the Money for such Payment ought, in Couliftency, to have been issued from the Exchequer, by Way of Imprest and on Account; and yet, ever since the Y'ear 172 2,the Sum of Three hundred and Filty-seven thousand Two hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Two Shillings, the present Annuity attending the Old South Sea Annuities; and ever fmee the Year 1732, the Sum of Two hundred and Eifty-four thousand Eighty hundred and Forty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny, the present Annuity attending the New South Sea Annuities; and larger Sums, during the Time the Rate of Interest was higher, have been paid every Year by the South Sui Company, as Trustees employed by the

Public, and no Accounts of these Payments whatever rendered at the Exchequer; very much to the Emolument of the Public, by a Saving in Fees, to the Auditors of the Imprest only, of above One hundred and Twenty thoulimd Pounds.

As the Payment of thcle Annuities has for so many Yeurs, been intruded to the South Sea Company, without Account, and without any Instance of Abuse or Misapplication that has hitherto been discovered;

V o l. 39.

every Rea Ion seems to concur for extending the same Eleventh Exemption from the Juril(li6lion of the Auditor of Report the Imprest to the Annuities of the Year 1731, and to °n those transuFted at the Bank of England. ccount*.

The Duty, however, and Business of the Cashier ought, in our Opinion, to be continued without Alteration. It is expedient that Government should not be ignorant of the Annual State of these Accounts; and therefore the Cashier of each Company should, every Year, transmit to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, an Account Current, similar to that now transmitted by them to the Auditors of the Imprest, containing the Receipts and Payments of all the Annuities transa&ed by them, including the Old and New South Sea Annuities, with the Balance of the unclaimed Dividends and Stock remaining in their Hands, signed by the Cashier, and attelted' by him on Oath, before a Baron of the Exchequer.

We have suggested the Exemption of these Accounts from the Jurilcli&ion of the Auditors of the Imprest, as a Regulation proper and necessary to be carried into immediate Execution: We do not mean to violate, in the slightest Degree, any Right veiled in an Officer by virtue of his Office. The Principles which secure the Rights of private Property are sacred, and to be preserved inviolate: they are Land Marks to be considered as immoveable: But the Public

have their Rights also; Rights equally sacred, and as freely to be exercised. — That we may pursue the Line of Justice, without invading the Rights of the Subjefit on the one Hand, or sacrificing those of the Public on the other, it becomes necessary for us to endeavour to develope these official Rights, and define, if we can, their precise Boundaries. If a use-leis and expensive Office cannot be suppressed, nor the Redundancies of an Office curtailed, be the Necessi-ties of the State every so urgent, without intrenching upon the Right of the Pufll-ffor, and violating the Public Faith, the Evil must be endured, until the Power of the Legislature can, without the Imputation of Injuliice, be exerted for the Relief of the State.

The Principle which gives Existence to, and governs every Public Office, is the Benefit of the State. Government requires that various Branches of Business should be tranlafiled, and Persons must be found to tranl'aft them. The Acceptance of a Public Office implies an Engagement to do the Business, and a Right to a Compensation: The Officer has Powers delegated to him necessary for the Execution; but he has no other Right than to the Reward of his Labour: He has no Right to any specific Quantity of Business; that Quantity must fluctuate according to Circumstances, or may be regulated by the Convenience of the State: If the Good of the Community requires a Diminution or Annihilation of the Business of his Office, or the transferring it elsewhere, the Officer cannot oppose to the Regulation, the Diminution or Annihilation of his Profits; because not the Emolument of the Officer, but the Advantage of the Public, was the Object of the Institution: To suppose in him a Right to make such an Objection, would be to suppole the Office created for his Benefit; that is, to iuppole it to originate in a Violation of Public Trust, an Abuse of Power, and an Offence against the State. Where Law or Usage has annexed Terms to the Grant, which limit the Right of the executive Power to relume or take it away, the Reason leems to be the Expedience of leaving the Officer in the Exercise of the Duties of his Office, independent of the Influence of that Power, which might otherwise, at Pleasure, remove him: But w hen it is no longer for Public Convenience that such Duties should be exerdfed, or when the Exercise of them becomes an unnecessary Expence to the Public, it would be an Inverlion of the Principle that governs such Establish-

ments,

Eleventh ft*port on Public Accounts.

N° *8.

780 §° Decetribrif. A. 1783*

ments, to suffer that private Emolument, which was no Motive for the Inl’titution, to prevent or retard the Abolition of them. It matters not what the Duration or Condition of the littered may he, whether for Life or Years, during pood Behaviour, or Pleasure; all are equally subject to that governing Principle for the Sake of which it was created; the Good of the Public: Hence, in every proposed of-

ficial Regulation, the Advantage or Disadvantage of the Officer can never be properly a Subject of Difcussion; the only Question is. Whether the Necessity or Good of the State actually requires it r This decides the Propriety of the Regulation; and the Determination of it belongs only to the Supreme Power that watches over the Public Good, for its Improvement as well as Protection. The Regulation we have here suggested affects the Auditors of the Imprest, by a Diminution of their Business, and consequently of their Profits; It is necessary therefore to examine particularly, whether it interferes with any Right veiled in that Officer by virtue of his Office. We have procured, and inserted in the Appendix, a Copy of the lad Patent for the Grant of this Office, omitting the Recital of the then subsisting Patents: This Patent

describes his Office, with its Objects and Emoluments. The Power of auditing the Bank and South Sea House Accounts seems to be derived from the general Words of " auditing and determining all Accounts of all Persons whatsoever, being accountable for any Sums received by the Name of Imprest." The Blue, therefore, by Way of Impred, is the Circumstance that gives the Auditor the Power to examine the Expenditure. Whether a Sum shall be issued by Way of Imprest, or not, depends upon the Authority that directs the Blue; which is either the Royal Sign Manual, or an Act of Parliament; and, consequently, the Exercise of this Power of auditing mud depend upon the Will and Pleasure either of the Crown, or the Legislature.

The Office of the Auditors of the Impred existed before the Mode of borrowing upon Funds was tirft adopted. Upon the Creation of Annuities the Legislature thought proper to direct, that the Money to be issued for the Payment of them should be accounted for according to the due Course of the Exchequer; and thereby gave the Auditors a new Object. Should the Legislature fee good Reason for altering the Mode of Blue; should they find by Experience that the Examination of the Accounts by the Auditors of the Imprest is unnecessary; or the Advantage of it in no Degree adequate to the Expence; can there be a Doubt of their having a Right, without Insultice, to take from them again that Object, and to direct the Blue for the future to be without Account ?

There is another Limitation also, upon the Power of the Auditor, inserted in his Patent; that is, the Consent of the Treasury: He is " to audit and detcrmine, by and with the Advice, Authority, and " Conicnt, of the High Treasurer of Britain,

" or the Connnifiiooers of the Treasury, Chancellor " and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, for the " Time being." This necefl’arily implies a Power in the Treasury, if they fee Realbn, to withhold their Assent; and, consequently, renders the Exercise of the Power of the Auditor dependant upon their Discretion. If this Mode of Reasoning be solidandconclusive; if the Propriety of continuing an Office, or particular Branches of the Business of an Office, be tried by the Advantage it produces to the Community; if the Officer ean have no Right in his Office, independent of the Public Good; we suggest the Infringement of no private Right, when wc deliver it as our Opinion, that the Money for the Annuities payable at the Bank of England, and South Sea House, ought for the future to be issued without

Account from the Exchequer: Anti we have not violated any private Right, by luggefting the Necessity of an immediate Abolition of useless and expensive Offices, and Reduction of unnecessary and redundant Expc'nces; convinced as we are, by the irrefil'tible Evidence of the State of the National Debt exhibited to us, of the absolute and indispensable Necessity of an immediate Attention to every practicable Retrenchment.

This Account of the Public Debt being transmitted to ns from the Exchequer in the ufuui official Form, required l'oine Explanation; with which we were supplied by the Examination of Mr. John Hugh son. Clerk of the Debentures in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

The Sums inserted in the Column under the Head of Principal Debt, opposite to the First, Second, Third, and Fifth Articles of Annuities payable at the Exchequer, are the Purchase Money originally paid for them into the Exchequer. This Purchase Money does not seem to us to constitute a Part of the Public Debt; the Public are in no Event bound to pay it: They are bound to pay the Annuities purchased with these Sums, for the Duration of the Terms, and the Existence of the Lives for which they were granted; but upon the Expiration of the Annuities, either by Effluftion of Time, Qr Death, the Debt i3 at an End; an Event that has happened, as to the Second Article of Annuities for Lives with the Benefit of Survivor-ship, since the 5th of July last, the Date of the Account.

This Annuity is now expired, by the Death of the last Nominee; and therefore we have omitted this Article, as well as those other Principal Sums, in our State of the Public Debt. , d

The First Article, of One hundred and Thirty-one *. *! thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, Annuities for iong Terms, being complicated, we obtained an Account of the Annuities that compose it. This Sum consists of Annuities for Years, granted for different Terms, at Seven different Periods, between the Years 1692 and 1708; and they will all expire between the Years 1790 and 1807. The Annuities in the Third Article for Two and Three Lives, amounting to Eight thousand Two hundred and Seven 3,107. «. Pounds Twelve Shillings were finally granted in the Year 1703» by the Act of the Second and Third of Queen Anne,

Chapter the 3d: The Lives were all named by the First of May 1704. The original Sum of these Annuities was Thirty-seven thousand and Thirteen Pounds One Shilling * > and Seven Pence: The Number of Orders was One thousand Seven hundred and One; of which Four hundred and Forty are now continued upon the Books at the Exchequer, as containing Lives in being; notwithstanding moll of these may be, and probably are, expired. The Act directs, that the Contributor, or his Representatives, shall, within One Month after the Death of the Nominee, certify it to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer j and, within Three Months after Notice of the Determination of the Annuity, deliver up his Tally and Order into the Exchequer; and until this is done the Life is continued upon the Books as existing. Many of the Contributors, and Persons named in these Orders, were Foreigners, and might be ignorant of, or inattentive to, the Directions of the Act: Every Nominee now living must be at least Seventy-nine Years and a Half old:

That Four hundred and Forty, out of Five thousand One hundred and Three Persons, suppoling originally Three Lives in each Order, should attain that Age, is not probable upon any Calculation.

In order to obtain the Payment of this Annuity, a formal Certificate must be produced of the Life of the Nominee: The last Life that was certified was upon the First of January 1781. But, notwithstanding the Probability that the greatest Part of these Annuities are expired, they cannot, upon that Ground only, be omitted: They must be continued as Part of the

Public

24 Geo. III.

50 Decembris.

781

Public Debt, until the Auditor of the Exchequer has £. 1. d. an Authority fur leaving them out.

1,100. o. o. The Fourth Article, of Two thousand Two hundred Pounds Exchequer Bills, made out for Interest of old Bills, has been inserted among the Public Debts ever tincc the Year 17^7: The old Bills were then cancelled, and this Interest upon them was sup-poled to be due in the Year 1719: It no where appears that any such Bills were ever made out, or to whom this Interest belongs: No Demand has been made for them at the Exchequer; and therefore we think this Sum may safely be erased from among the Debts of the Public, and have omitted it accordingly. The Million raised in the Year 1726, not having been paid into the Exchequer, but applied in cancelling Exchequer lhlls issued for the Discharge of the Civil List Debts, has never been inserted among the Debts of the Public, standing out at the Exchequer; but it li t ms to us as if the Public have made themselves liable to the Payment of this Debt. Py the Act of the Seventh George the First, Chapter

soo, cco. o. c. t|ie 27th, Five hundred thousand Pounds was raised by Annuities to dilcharrc the Debts of the Civil List: They were made a Charge upon the hereditary Revenues, and to be redeemed by the Crown. To enable the Crown to reimburse itself the Sums to be paid for these 'Annuities, and for their Redemption, the Sixpenny Duty was granted, and appropriated.

Py the Eleventh of George the First, Chapter the 17th, a Million was raised by Exchequer Pills, for

500.000. o. o. t|ic same purpose; and Five hundred thousand Pounds of it applied in the Redemption of these Annuities: The Pills were charged upon the hereditary Revenues; the Sixpenny Duty was continued; and the Surplus exprefdy appropriated for the cancelling the m. The next Year, by the Twelfth George the Second, Chapter the 2d, a Million was raised by a Lottery, and converted into Annuities, at Three

990.000. . o. poUn(]s jKr Cent. and applied in cancelling Nine

hundred and Ninety thousand Pounds of the Exchequer Pills. The King was empowered to continue

s-,cco. o. o. p,e sixpenny Duty; and out of it Thirty thousand Pounds a Year was made a specific Fund for the Payment t>i the Annuity; the King was empowered also to redeem them, but out of what Fund is not mentioned: The whole Produce of the Duty was appropriated towards paving and discharging the said Annuities; and, should it produce a Surplus, it was to be referred in the Exchequer, and not issued or applied, but by Authority of Parliament. This Duty-having lor many Years produced a Surplus, the Act of the 1 nth of llis present Majesty, Chapter the b>th, appropriates it towards augmenting the Salaries of the Judges. As the Million raised by Exchequer Pills, and the next Year converted into Annuities, was exprelVly charged upon the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, which, by the Act of the l ft of His present Majesty, are carried to the Aggregate Fund; and the Surplus of that Fund is, by the Act of the lib of George the First, Chapter the 12th, which created it. disposable for the Public Service; and as the Surplus of the Sixpenny Duty, the Whole of which was appropriated to pay the Annuities, and cancel the Exchequer Pills, has been taken for, and is now appropriated to, a Public Service, the Public have polled!"! them!! Ives of the Revenues chargeable with this Million, and with the Fund created to rcim-bnrle those Revenues; and, therefore, we think our-selves well warranted to insert this Million among the £. 1. j. Debts due from liie Pimlic.

1.164.161.5.0. The bum of One Midion One hundred and Sixty-four thousand Two hundred and Sixty two Pounds Five Shillings, in the Column of Annual Interest, conOfts of a Varie ty of Annuities granted by different Acts; tome for Lives, and others for Years for different Periods: They are digested in Two Supple-

Vol. 39.

mental Accounts we received from the Exchequer. v 31.

The Sum for Lives, granted in Five different Years,

payable at the Exchequer, and standing out upon the £. rf.

.qth July lait, is Seventy-one thousand and Fifty-five 7*»°5s-l6- 7-Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence. The Annuities lor long and iliort Terms, granted in Eight 32v different Years, amount to One Million Ninety-eight 1,098,51 j. 7. o’, thousand Five hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Seven Shillings.

In the Column of Principal Debt, opposite to these Annuities, no Sum is inserted, because no Sums were paid specifically for them into the Exchequer: They were all Premiums granted to the Subscribers, in Addition to redeemable Annuities. To compute the Principal Debt incurred on Account of these Annuities for Lives and Years, at any given Time, the Value of each Species must be estimated by the Age and Circumstances of the Nominees, or the Time they have to run, and the Market Price at that Time — a Calculation not very practicable, and, if it were, of no great Utility.

The Sum of F’ive thousand Two hundred and Fifty 5>*s°. o: Pounds, the First Article in the Column under the Title of Management, is paid, pursuant to various Treasury Warrants, to the Auditor, the Clerk of the Pells, and Tellers of the Exchequer, in certain Proportions, for their Trouble in transacting the Annuities payable in that Office.

All these Debts may be classed under Two Heads,

The Redeemable, and, The Irredeemable; the first, are those which the Legislature, pursuing the Forms and Terms specified in the Acts that created them, may redeem, without the Content of the Proprietors; the latter, are those which, being granted for certain specified Periods, cannot be redeemed without the Consent of the Proprietors: In the Creation of feme of the first, the Right of Redemption is restrained, in favour of the Subscribers, until after a limited Period.

Correfpotiding with these Observations, and consequently deviating somewhat from the Form pursued in the Exchequer, we have set forth the present State, N 33‘ as it appears to us, of the National Debt standing out at the Exchequer; in which the redeemable Debt £, &

amounts to Two hundred and Eleven Millions Three 11.363.*J4- >s- 4i-hundred and Sixty-three thousand Two hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and- Four Pence Three Farthings, and the Annuity attending it to Six Millions Six hundred and Forty-two thousand 6,642,397.1*. 9. Three hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; which Annuity will expire upon the Redemption, Annihilation, or purchasing in of the Capital. The irredeemable Annuity amounts to the Annual Sum of One Million Three hundred *>3°9>S3*- * 3-and Nine thousand Five hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence; which, unless purchased in, must continue for the Periods for which the several Parts of it were granted. The Charges of managing this Debt amount to One hundred and *34>*9»* >3- * Thirty-Four thousand Two hundred and Ninety one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and a Penny.

From the Materials thus collected, wc arc enabled to ltate, at One View, with Precision, the Total Sum paid by the Public in conftquence of their Debts in this, and to be paid in every succeeding Year, until a Reduction dial I take place. The Sum paid in Annuities on the Capital, and for Lives and Years, is Seven Millions Nine hundred and Fifty-one thousand 7.95'>93°- * Nine hundred and Thirty Pounds One Shilling; the Charges of Management are One hundred and Thirty- 134,291.13. 1. four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny: The Fees to the Auditors of the Imprest, on the Bank and South Sea Houfo Accounts, Nineteen thousand Eight hundred ' »9>®74- * * and Seventy-four Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence: The Fees at the other Offices, taken at the 9 N fame

782 50 Decembris. A. 1785.

’I 1. d. funic Kate as stated in the Bank and Sea House

b^6. i*. 4- Memorials above alluded to, Six hundred and Nine-ty-iix Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence; forming together, as flowing from and incidental to the Debt they have contracted, the Annual Sum of *,11.6,79* 9 * Eight Millions One hundred and Six thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny.

We have omitted to add to this Account, as unnecessary, we hope, for the future, the Expence incurred in the Year, of a Loan by Annuities and a Lottery, and allowed to the Bank for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Contributions: This

Article, in the Year 1781, as stated in the Bank 10,669.10. o. Memorial, amounted to Ten thousand Six hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds 'Ten Shillings; and, in the 34* Year 1782, as stated in Account transmitted to us £. 11,701.11. 3. from the Auditors of the Imprest, to Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence.

This is the State of the Funded Debt; that is, certain Funds have been created, and appropriated by the Legislature, as a Provision for the Payment of all the Annuities therein enumerated: But this is not the whole Debt; a heavy Lift of Arrears remains behind; Debts for which no Provision has as yet been made by Government.

We required, from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, an Account of the Unfunded Debt, as it flood upon the lft of October last; distinguishing those Debts that carry Interest from those which carry no Interest, with the Interest due on each Species, computed to the lit of October last. Four Accounts were transmitted to us, pursuant to this N® 35- Requisition; the First contains the Debt due at the N" 36* Navy and Victualling Offices; the Second, at the 37- Office of Ordnance; the Third, at the Exchequer; N0 38- the Fourth, for the Extraordinaries of the Army.

As some of the Bills in the Navy Account, and a Sum in the Exchequer Account, have been paid since 35' the 1 ft of October last, we have collected the subsisting Articles, and disposed them in such Order as to shew, at One View, the present State of this Unfunded £. $. j. Debt; and from thence it appears, that the Principal

is,836,541. 11. 4l- of this Debt amounts to Eighteen Millions Eight hundred and Fifty-six thousand Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence 15,694,111. 1. ii. Halfpenny, of which the Sum of Fifteen Millions Six hundred and Ninety-four thousand One hundred and Twelve Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence carries Interest; and the Interest due upon it the I ft S'7-579- 4- J- of October last, was Five hundred and Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence: The Amount of the An-611,74*- o. nual Interest is Six hundred and Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two Pounds, omitting Fractions. The Remainder of this Principal, being 3,161,419. 9. si Three Millions One hundred and Sixty two thousand Four hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, carries no Interest. *11.363.154- >5- 4l- The Principal of this Debt, being added to Two hundred and Eleven Millions Three hundred and Sixty-three thousand Two hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, the Capital of the Funded Debt, makes 130,119,796. 6. 9I. the present Capital Debt of this Nation Two hundred and Thirty Millions Two hundred and Nineteen thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence One Farthing: And the Annual Interest of this Debt, being added to Seven 7>95«>93o- 1. o. Millions Nine bundled and Fifty-one thousand Nine hundred and Thirty Pounds One Shilling, the Sum of Annuities lbited in the Account of the Funded Debt, increases the Sum to be paid every Year, for 1.564,671. 1. e. Annuities and Interest, to Eight Millions Five hundred and Sixty-four thousand Six hundred and Seventy-

two Pounds One Shilling; to which being added the Sum of One hundred and Fifty-four thousand 154.861. Eight hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny, claimed for Charges of Management, and Fees, the Total Sum paid every Year by this Nation, in Consequence of its Debt, will be Eight Millions Seven hundred and Nineteen thousand *»7»9>534. Five hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny: And should these Arrears of the Navy and Ordnance, making together Twelve Mil- n,74M>s-lions Seven hundred and Forty-two thousand Four hundred and Fifteen Pounds and One Penny, be converted into Annuities of Three Pounds per Cent. taken at the Rate of Sixty per Cent, which is more than the present Price, above Eight Millions more 8,000,coo. will be added to the Capital, and increase it to upwards of Two hundred and Thirty-eight Millions, *38,000,000. including more than Six Millions in Exchequer Bills and Extraordinaries of the Army; and above One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds a Year will be ,s°>ooa added to the Annuity, and above Thirteen thousand a Year to the Expences attending it; which will, together, make the Annual Sum to be paid by this Nation upwards of Eight Millions Eight hundred *>*.534-and Eighty-two thousand Five hundred and Thirty-four Pounds.

It is expedient that the true State of the National Debt should be disclosed to the Public; every Subject ought to know it, for every Subject is interested in it. This Debt is swelled to a Magnitude that requires the united Efforts of the ablest Heads and purelt Hearts, to suggest the proper and effectual Means of Reduction. The Nation calls for the Aid of all its Members to co-operate with Government, and to combine in carrying into Execution such Measures as shall be adopted, for the Attainment of so indif-penfable an End: This Aid the Subject is bound to give to the State, by every other Obligation, as 3vell as by the Duty he owes to his Country; and, with such general Aid, the Difficulties, great as they appear, will, we trust, be found not insurmountable.

A Plan must be formed for the Reduction of this Debt, and that without Delay; now, in the favourable Moments of Peace. The Evil does not admit of Procrastination, Palliatives, or Expedients: It presses on, and must be met with Force and Firm-ness. The Right of the Public Creditor to his Debt, must be preserved inviolate: His Security rests upon the 1‘olid Foundation, never to be shaken, in Parliamentary National Faith.

The obvious Means of Reduction is the Creation of a Fund, to be appropriated, and invariably applied, under proper Direction, in the gradual Diminution of the Debt: This Fund must be the Surplus of the Annual Income, above the Annual Expences of the State, to be obtained and increased by the Extension and Improvement of the Sources of Revenue, and by a frugal Administration of the Produce. To accomplish the first of these docs not, in many Instances, depend lolely upon the Will and Power of the State:

To open new or enlarge old Channels of Commerce, to set up new or improve old Branches of Manufacture, often require the Concurrence of other Nations, and of other Bodies of Men: But Frugality in the Management of the Revenue, the Object to which the Act by which we are constituted has pointed our Attention, is within the Reach of every Government.

It needs no Concurrence or Assistance from without:

It possesses in itself full, absolute, and uncontrouled Powers, to regulate the Management of every Article of its Revenue: It can quicken the Passage of a Tax or Duty into the Public Colfers: It can direct it from thence, without Delay, to the Purpose for Which it is intended: It can abolish useless Offices; cut oft’ superfluous and unnecessary Expences; anil reduce

06 thoic

4 Geo. III. 50 .

those that nro necessary within certain and reasonable Limits: It ran cad i!s Officers to account; and reclaim the Sams of Public Money, either detained in their Hands, or converted to their own life: It can correct every A bulb, and infufc a Sprit of Oecotiomy ti.rou^h every Pranch of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Revenue* What can bo done, the Support of Public Credit, the Preservation of National Honour, and the Justice due to the Public Creditor, demand fho dd he done: — It must be done, or serious Con-Icnucnces a ill cufie.

Where die Resources of a Country are so extensive, so various, and productive, a Spirit of Frugality, uni-v erf ill y diffused and kept alive, cannot but be attended with the mult powerful Eftcfts. The Subjects of this King loin arc opulent, generous, and publie-spirited: Let the 1 )litivlfe» of their Country be fairly laid before them; and let that Interest they and their Posterity have in this Confutation he appealed to, and they will contribute ciiccriully and liberally to her Relief.

Tin* Subject inuft place Confidence in the Integrity and W illlom of the CJuvei iiment: He should have no Doubt but his Contributions to the Public Service find their Wiv, undiminiiheil, without Deviation or Delay, to their proper Object: And let him no more feck for Shifts and Subtleties to evade the Payment of those Duties and Taxes which the Wisdom of the Ix'gillatme have deemed the moll eligible, and which the Neccfiities of the Stale fully justify.

Let Public Benevolence take the Lead of private Inttrclt. Example may produce much; and must begin Ibmcwhere. An extraordinary and unprecedented Conjuncture in the Finances of a Country may require extraordinary and unprecedented Efforts. Every Man may dedicate a Portion of his Income, or some Share of his Atlluence, according to his Faculties, to this great National Object: Let the Produce of i'uch a general Exertion be wifely directed, and faithfully applied; and this Debt, enormous as it is, will begin to melt away: And ever Man who contributes to so great a Work will feel the Consolation resulting from the Discharge of the most important of his Duties, by having allilted in relieving Public Di furls, restoring Public Credit, and averting a National Calamity.

T.Anguish, (l. s.)

OUiee of Accounts, A. Piggott, (u

Surrey Street, Rich* At 'are. (l.

4th December 178.). Sum1 Beachcroft, Gen. Drummond, imrRoe. (l. s.) (l. s.) (l. s.)

A P 1’ E X I) I X.

N* 1.

The Examination oi John L Esquire; tuRen upon Oath, the 25th and 2plh July 1783.

Cashier. This is all that is done with the Half Yearly Accounts, until the Number necessary to form the Two Years Account has been brought in.

When all the Half Yearly Abstracts have been examined, and the Observations answered, the Account is formed in the Auditor’s Office, and the Chief Cashier fends to the Auditor’s Office the Account Current for the Two Years. The Auditor examines his Account of the Charge and Discharge with the Account Current sent from the Bank. He does not recollect any Instance of an Error in the Account Current.

When the Account Current has been examined, and the Balance agreed, the Deputy Auditor attends the Cashier to a Baron or the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, when the Cashier signs and swears to the Account Current; which is brought back to and remains in the Auditor’s Office. The Account formed in the Auditor’s Office is then drawn out, and ingrafted upon Parchment and Paper. Both are presented for Declaration by the Deputy Auditor: Neither the Cashier, nor any other Person from the Bank, attends the Declaration. When declared, the Parchment Part is lent to the King’s Remembrancer, and the Paper Part remains in the Auditor’s Officer.

The Account Current, from the 5th of 1777 to the 5th July 1779, was delivered into the Auditor’s Office the 14th of March 1782; and the Account of the Cashier of the Bank was declared on the 2Qtti Junt 1782.

John Lloyd.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N* 2.

The Examination of John Bray, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 31st July, 4th and 5th of August,

>783-

This Examinant faith, That during the Time he was in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, the Bank Annuity Accounts were generally examined as soon after they were received as was convenient for the Office.

The Abstract of each Year’s Account delivered to the Office from the Bank, is compared with the Total upon the Books and Lifts: and from those AbstraQs taken together, and the Sums put into the official Form, the Draft of the Account is made out. The Account Current is usually delivered, as he apprehends, when the Account is drawing towards a Con-elusion: The Sums in the Discharge upon the Account Current, are compared with the Sums in the Account made out at the Office, and these Sums should agree; except that the Auditor’s Fee, for each Annuity, is added, in the Account, to the Amount of the Dividends paid on that Annuity and omitted in the Entry of the same Amount in the Account Current.

Bray.

This Examinant faith, That he was for several Years Deputy to Lord Sondes, one of the Auditors of the Imprdt.

Thu Materials from whence the Account of the Cashier of the Bank is formed, in the Auditor's Office, are made up Half Yearly, and sent, as they are completed at the Bank, to the Auditor's Office, where the Abltra&s are examined by and compared with the Dividend Warrants; and the Deputy Auditor makes his Observations, and tranliniis them to the Chief Caliber of the Bank. Copies of such Observations are kept in the Auditor’s Office, and entered in the Books: Any Voucher, pointed out by those Observations to beinconi-pclteor wantin'!, is made perfect, or furniilied by the Chief Vo 1. .'39.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beach

Geo. Drum

Will* Roe.

N° 3.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 25th, 29th July, 4U1 and 8th August, 1783.

This Examinant faith, That when a Contribution Account is to be made up, which is usually about the

End

Eleventh . Report on Public Accounts.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

7&4 5° Decembris. A. 1783.

End of the Year, a Memorial is presented by the Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury, stating, That in pursuance of an Act for raising a certain Sutn of Money by Annuities and Lottery, for the Service of the Year, there hath been received, at the Bank, the full Sum raised for the Service of the Year; and also, stating the Sum paid by them, on that Account, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and the Sum allowed for Interest, by the said Act, to such of the Contributors as advanced their Money previous to the Times appointed for paying the fame; and praying to be allowed to retain a certain Sum for the Use and Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of , for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of their Officers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Money; and a certain Sum for the Lottery, in Proportion to former Allowances for the like Services: and also, praying the Allowance of the Annual Sums for the Services respecting the Annuities granted by the said Act, agreeable to former Allowances.

Annexed to this Memorial, anti agreeing the rewith, is an Account of the Contributions for the Sum raised by Annuities and Lottery, for the Service of the Year, made up at the Bank, and ligned by the Chief Cashier. This Memorial is referred by the Lords of the Treasury to the Auditors of the Imprest, to examine the fame, and report thereupon. The Memorial for the Year 1781 was so referred, on the 18th of December 1781. The Receipt of this Memorial and Account from the Treasury, is the First official Notice to the Auditor of the Contribution Account.

The Memorial and Account being thus referred, the Chief Cashier of the Bank fends to the Auditor’s Office the Tallies for, and a List of, the Sums paid into the Exchequer; and a Book, containing an Account of the Particulars of the Interest paid at the Bank to the Contributors prcvioully advancing their Money. The Articles of Interest are examined, to see that they are properly computed. The Contribution Account is then formed in the Auditor’s Office: the Charge confilts only of Two Articles; namely, the grols Sum received for Annuities, and the grols Sum received for the Lottery Tickets.

The Discharge conlifts of the Money paid into the Exchequer, appearing by the Tallies; the Money paid to the Contributors for Interest; and the Allowances to the Bank.

When the Account is ingrafted, the Paper Part is lent to the Tally Joiners, to have the Tallies joined, examined with the Discharge, and certified. The Account being returned, with the Deputy Chamberlain’s Certificate thereon, mentioning the Number of

7 O

Tallies and the Sum, and that they were reecived and joined, the Chief Cashier attests either the Account annexed to the Memorial, or the Account of the Interest paid to the Contributors; and the Auditors make their Report on the Memorial and Account to the Lords of the Treasury. This Report on the Memorial and Account of the Year 1781, was made on the 11th of June 1782. The Lords of the Treasury then sign a Warrant, addressed to the Auditors, authorizing and directing them to make the Allowances: The Account is presented by the Deputy Auditors, at the ext Declaration of Accounts, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and is then declared, and the Parchment Part lent to the King’s Remembrancer.

Each Impi.Xt Roll produced to the Auditor, to warrant the Charge in the Bank Annuity Account, contains the Dividend for the Half Year, on each Species of Annuities, and the Charges of Management to the Bank for that Half Year.

The luit Iniprcft Rolls inserted in the Charge, arc for the Sum received from the Exchequer, to reimburse the Bank the Fees and Charges allowed in the preceding Account. The only Accounts, to the best

of his Recollection, that are examined by both Offices jointly, are the Accounts of the Bank, and of the South Sea Annuities of the Year 1751. Such has been the Custom of the Office ever since he knew it. The Fees for auditing and making up these Accounts, are equally divided between both Offices.

It appears from Papers and Accounts in the Office or Lord Mountstuart, that the Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year per Million, paid to the Auditors of the Imprest, for examining Accounts of this Kind, is very ancient: — it is allowed by Lord Treasurer Godolphin, in the Year 1704, as appears by a Warrant in the Office; and has been, as he believes, allowed ever since. The Rate of Fifty Pounds Million, for examining the Lottery Accounts, appears to have been allowed to the Auditors prior to the Year 1751; and it appears, from Accounts in the Office, that for-, merly the Allowances varied, and were generally above the Rate of Fifty Pounds a Million.

Chat Harris.

T. Anguish,

RkhJ Heave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N° 4.

The Examination of Mr. John Walker', taken upon Oath, the 2ilt, 22d, 30th, and 31st July 1783.

This Examinant faith, That he is Second Clerk in the Office of Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest: He has been in the Office above Twenty-

four Years: He was employed, on the Part of Lord Sondes, in examining and drawing up a Part of the Account of the Chief Cashier of the Bank of for Two Years, ending the 5U1 July 1779. Mr. nard Cobbe was employed, as he believes, on the Part of the other Auditor, to examine and draw up the other Part of this Account. The Chief Cashier of the Bank fends to the Auditor’s Office the following Materials, from which the Account is drawn up: A Lift, containng the Names of all the Proprietors in the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Share of each, and the proportional Annuity attending it, with the Number upon each W arrant: another Lift, containing those Warrants inserted in the above-mentioned Lift, which remain at that Time unpaid, described by their respective Numbers, and the Sums due thereon for Interest: a Third Lift, containing the

Arrears of former Dividends credited in that Account, together with tile Dividend Warrants themselves: and when there is a Lottery, the Prizes of which are paid in Call), the Chief Cashier fends a List of the Certificates he has paid, with the Number and Amount of each, and the Certificates themselves.

The Business of this Account is divided between the Two Auditors. In Lord s Office are examined the whole Charge, the Three Cents of the Year 1726, the Three per Cents consolidated, and the Certificates for Prizes in the Lottery: the other Funds, in the Year’s Account, are examined in the Office of Lord Mountstuart.

Each Account contains the Receipts and Payments of Two Years, and comprehends Four Dividends upon the Annuities. After the Lift of Warrants, and the Warrants themselves, are delivered into the Office, the Auditor’s Clerk examines each Warrant, lees that the Receipt is properly ligned and attested; he compares the Number, the Name of the Proprietor, the Share of the Stock, and the Annuity due upon it, with the

2± Geo. III. 5° Decemb 785

the Entry of the Warrant upon the Lift; and if it agrees, marks it off upon the Lift.

The Total of the Annuity when call up, if right, must agree with the Total of the Annuity due upon the Total of the Capital. The unpaid Lift i9 compared with the Entry of those Warrants, in the above Lift, which are not marked as paid: The Total of this Lift, together with the Saving from the Total of the Fractions not paid by the Bank, a^ l)cing too finall, being deducted from the Total in the l'irft Lift, the Bank has Credit for the Remainder.

The Lilt of Arrears is compared, in like Manner, with the Warrants for those Payments. The Lift of Lottery Certificates is compared with the Certificates, to see that the Number and Sum agrees; and the Certificate is endorsed by the Person to whom it is made payable: the Bank has Credit for the Amount of each Lift. After this Examination, the Imprest Certificates having been delivered into the Office, that Part of the Account examined in this Office is drawn up in the official Form, and ingrossed; and after the other Part of the Account, examined in the other Office, is drawn up and ingrossed, the Two Parts are joined together, and form One Account. An Account Current, containing all the Receipts, Payments, Fees, and Allowances, with the Arrears, having been produced to the Auditor, he casts up the Sums upon the several Imprelt Rolls; and, adding to that Total the Arrears on the preceding Account, compares the compound Sum with the Total of the Charge upon the Account Current After this Account Current is signed und attested upon Oath, before a Baron of the Exchequer, by the Chief Cashier, the Account is completed, and presented for Declaration.

The Cathicr is charged with the Sums contained in the Imprest Roils; he is discharged by his actual Payments comprehended in his Account; he is allowed the Charges of Management retained by him, and the Fees paid by him for auditing and passing these Accounts.

The total Sum of Payments upon each Species of Annuities, for which the Chief Cashier has Credit in the ingrossed Account, consists of the Arrears of former Dividends, the Payments on the Four Dividends in the Time of the Account, and the Auditor’s Fee for the Time of the Account upon that Species of Annuity.

John Walker.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N- 5.

The Examination of Mr. Bernard taken

upon Oath, 43d and 30th July 1783.

This Examinant laith, That he is Second Clerk in the Office of Ixird Mountstuart, One of the Auditors of the

Imprest; he has been in the Office about Twelve Years. The Articles in the Account of the Chief Cashier of the Bank for Two Years, ending the 5th 1779, which were examined in the Office of Lord Mountstuart, were the 3 per Cent, reduced Annuities; the 3J per Cent. Annuities of the Year 1758; the per Cents; the Long Annuities; the per Cent. 1777; the Short Annuities 1777» the Annuities for Thirty Years; and the Annuities for Twenty-nine Years; some of the Arrears of Annuities paid oft, and of former Dividends paid during the Time of the Account; and the Charges of Management. — The comparing the Dividend Warrants with the Entries of the Warrants in the Dividend Book, in every one of the Species of Annuities, is the Work of the

Vo l. 39.

Clerks in the Office. After that Examination, the Ac- Eleventh count is drawn up, and the Bank is credited for the total RtPort Sums they appear to have paid upon each Species of Annuity, with the Auditor’s Fee upon that Annuity.

After that Part of the Draft, which relates to the Articles of the Account examined in this Office, is completed, it is joined to the Part draw n up in the other Office, and forms one complete Draft of the Account:

Two Parts are ingrossed, One in each Office.

The Entries of some of the Articles in the ingrossed Account, are different from the Entries in the Account Current. The Sum entered in the Account Current is the total Sum paid upon each Species of Annuity, including the Arrears of that Annuity. In the ingrossed Account are entered the particular Sums paid upon each Dividend of that Annuity, during the Time of the Account; and to the Total upon the ingrossed Account, if added the Auditor’s Fee upon that Annuity.

Bei'n* Coble.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sarnf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRoe.

N# 6.

The Examination of Abraham El’quire,

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England; taken upon Oath, lft, 5th, 8th, and 13th August

1783.

This Examinant laith. That he is Chief Cashier of the Bank of England; as such, he palfes, every Two Years, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, an Account comprehending the Sums received from the Exchequer, and the Sums paid during the Period of the Account The Payments are the Dividends upon the Annuities payable at the Bank, and the Principal and Dividends of the Annuities paid off, and the Certificates for Prizes; together with the Charges of Management, the Auditor’s and other official Fees.

Soon after each Day on which the Interest becomes due, the Exchequer issues to the Bank the full Sums due, at that Time, for Interest on the several Species of Annuities payable at that Time, and generally with the Charges of Management added to each Sum of Interest. Every Year the Auditors apply to the Bank for the Fees due to them for the last Year’s Account that has been examined by them, suggesting that they have completed that Examination. — It has been always customary for the Bank to advance to the Auditors, equally between them, a Sum for their Fees, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year for every Million of Capital Stock in the Year's Account, and for every Million produced by the Long and Short Annuities, taken at the Rate of Twenty-five Years Purchase: which Calculation makes the Rate of the Allowance to the Auditors, for examining the Account of the Long Annuities, equal to the Rate of the Allowance to them for examining the Four per Cents. The Short Annuities are estimated at the same Rate with the Long Annuities; because the annual Trouble to the Auditor is in Proportion to the Number of the Proprietors, and to the Quantity of the Annuity, and not to the Duration of the Annuity j and when there has been a Loan, the Bank advances to them at the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every Million of Money raised, as the Fee for examining the Contribution Account. This Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year per Million on the Annuities appears, from an Entry in a Book at the Bank, to have been the Rate at

9 O which

5° Decetnbris. . 1783.

Elercnth Report on Public Aeewnt*.

which the Auditor's Fees were eftitnated and paid for examining an Account of Bank Annuities for Four Years, ending at Michaelmas 1720; and this Rate appears to have been adhered to ever since. It has been customary for the Bank to advance these Fees to the Auditors, upon their Application; after which the Bank present to the Treasury a Memorial, stating particularly all the Fees thus paid by them to the Auditor, together with the Fees and Charges paid at the several Offices, and praying to be reimbursed those Fees and Charges. The Sum thus received from the Exchequer, is an Article in the Charge upon the Chief Cashier in the succeeding Account: the Balance on the preceding Account, and the Sums imprested from the Exchequer, complete the Charge upon the Chief Cashier in every Account. Every Year, as soon after the 31st of December as the Accounts can conveniently be made up, the Lifts and Dividend Warrants paid within the Time of the Account, and ranged in numerical Order, and the Certificates for Prizes, are sent from the Bank to the Office of the Auditor, together with an Abstract of that Year’s Account. Before the Account is completed, the Chief Cashier procures from the Exchequer, Imprest Rolls for the several Sums that have been issued to him during the Two Years of the Account, and fends them to the Auditor’s Office: the Charges of Management allowed to the Bank, are expressed separately from the Sum for Interest in the Exchequer Order, countersigned by the Lords of the Treasury, and directing the Payment of those Sums to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers: This Order is brought to and endorsed by him, or one of them, as a Receipt in full upon that Order. The Bank are allowed the following Charges of Management: For the Annuities of the Year 1726, confuting of One Million, Three hundred Sixty Pounds a Year; and this has been the Allowance for those Annuities ever since the Year 1726: For all ttie 3 per Cent, and per Cent. Annuities, at the Rate of Five hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings a Year per Million; except for near the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, raised in the Year 1731, now consolidated with the Three per Cents; for which Three hundred Sixty Pounds is allowed for that Loan to the Chief Cashier and Accountant, and no other Allowance is made to the Bank for the Management of those Annuities: For the Long and Short Annuities at the same Rate for every Million, estimating them at Twenty-five Years Purchase. This Rate of Five hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings per Million, has been allowed to the Bank for Charges of Management, as he believes, ever since the Year 1742. The Ground of this Allowance is the Expence and Trouble arising to the Bark for Buildings, Officers, Clerks, Losses, Stationary, and various other contingent Charges.

The Allowance to the Bank for the Management of the Receipt to the Contributions to a Loan and to a Lottery, where the Prizes or Tickets are to be converted into Annuities, is at the Rate of Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Stallings and Ten Pence per Mil-

lion. This has been the Rate of Allowance, as he believes, ever since the Year 1719; except in the Year 1742, when Five hundred Pounds only, for receiving Eight hundred thousand Pounds, was allowed by the Act. The Allowance for the Lottery is in proportion to the Number of Tickets and Subscribers thereto, from One thousand Pounds to Two thousand Pounds.

After the Chief Cashier has paid all the Fees for the Account to the several Offices, he makes up his Account Current, and fends it to the Auditor; and if it is right, he signs it, and swears to it before a Baron of the Exchequer. The Balance remaining upon the Account confilts of unclaimed Dividends, Capital Stock paid off, and Lottery Certificates.

From the Year 1726 to the Year 1731, there does not appear to have been any other Annuities transacted at the Bank except those of the Year 1726. In the Year 1731, Eight hundred thousand Pounds Annuities were created, of which Seven hundred Sixty-nine thousand Two hundred Thirty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, 'are now a Part of the consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, the Remainder being paid off. — In the Year 1742, Eight hundred thousand Pounds Annuities more were created, and the Chief Cashier and the Accountant were directed by the Act to be paid, together, Four hundred Fifty Pounds a Year; which is at the Rate of Five hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings per Million. In some Years, where the Lotteries have been blended with the Redemption of Annuities, or by any other Circumstances have created more Trouble and Expence to the Bank, they have in their Memorials craved a larger Allowance in Proportion. In the Years 1772, 1774, and 1775, the Bank were allowed Two thousand Pounds for each Lottery. In ffie Years 1743, 1747, and 1748, the Receipt of the Contributions to the Loans was attended with more Trouble and Expence than usual; in consequence of which, the Bank craved, and were allowed, a larger Sum than at the usual Rate of Eight hundred and five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence per Million. In the Years 1747 and 1748, they were allowed One thousand Pounds per Million on the Annuities. As feme of the Subscribers to Loans frequently pay in the Whole of their Subscriptions at the First Payment, and others are constantly completing their Payments, which immediately become transferable Stock, and, as the Annuities commence at the same Times with the Annuities of the like Kind, the Bank crave, and are allowed, the Charges of Management for the same Year in which they receive the Contributions.

A. Newland.

T. Anguish,

Rick1 Neave,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, tV. Rot.

N* 7-

N* 7.

r An ACCOUNT of Monies received for satisfying and discharging the Interest of the several Annuities, &c. transferable at the Bank of England, for Two Years, from 1 < D' J the 5th July 1777 to the 5th July 1779; and for Monies paid on sundry Annuities, from the 30th September 1777 to 30th September 1779; and onTundry other Annuities, !>C' r [ from the 31st December 177% 3 i<i* December 1779» and for Charges attending the lame, by Abraham New land, Chief Cashier of the Bunk of England. J

Co

V=>

o

cq‘

n‘

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

o

FT

3 per Cent. 1796 3 per Cent Cods4

3J per Cent 1758 Long Ann* - -Ann' for 30 Years

Ann* for *9 Year* 3 per Cent reduced -

Balance of former Account

Received 9 Years Int. on 1,000,000l., due 5th July 1779 - - - - a -

Man1 on ditto to ditto Time *

*. d.

—— *

790 — — .

Received 1 Year's lot. on 40,401,696/. 5#. 1 Jd.

due 5th July 1778 - - - - -1,919,050 17 g

Ditto 6 Months Int. on 4,475,000l. Part of Subs*

1778, due ditto.....- 67,195 — __

Ditto - - - ditto 1,595,000l. Remr of ditto,

due ditto ----- 99,875-----

Ditto 1 Year's Int on 46,401,696/. 5#. ijd. due fjth July 1779.....1,392,050 17 g

a,694,101 15 6

Man1 on ditto for the Times above-mentioned 50,909 17 *x Ditto 6 Month’s Inton 5,664,500l. Part of Subs11

779, due 5th July 1779 ..... 84,96710-

Rejeived 9 Years Int 004,500,000l. doe '5th

J"iy 1779....

Man* on ditto to ditto Time -

Received 9 Years Int on 948,950/. due 5th July 1779

315,000-----

5,069 10 -

Man* 0* ditto ib ditto Time

- 496>5oo — —

15,989 — 6

Received 6 Months lot on 150,000l. doe 5th July t77« - - *. - - 73 -

Ditto 1 Year's Int on 147,150/. 7* due 5th

July 1779

Man* on ditto for the Times above-mentioned

' *47.150 7-

2*2,150 7 — S,t*3 ig 9

Received 6 Month* 1st. 193,050 h dtie 5th Joiy 1779 Received a Years Int. on 18,353,773/. i6s. 4 due 5th April 1779 - . - - . - 1,101,8 e

Man* m ditto to ditto Time 20,847 *9 10

£. t. d.

284,7'9 17 *1

60,750 — —

*’829,371 a 8 32o,o6a 10 — 3»34$a — 6

*25,274 6 9 96,525----

*>'81,874 8 4

3 per Cent 1796

3 per Cent Coofol4 *

& per Cent. 1758 Long Ann4 - -

Ann* for 30 Years -Ann* for 99 Years -Reduc4 Ann* - -

4 per Cent Confol4 4 per Cent. 1777 Short Ann* 1777

31 per Cent. 1756 -

4 per Cent 1760 4 per Cent 1763

Paid on several Dividends, up to the 31st December rj7g> IvMve Paid on ditto - - - - up to ditto Time

Paid on ditto - - - - up to ditto Tima -

Paid ou several Payments, up to d.tto Time -Paid on ditto - - - - up to ditto Time -

Paid on ditto - - - - up to ditto Time

Paid on several Dividends, up to the 30th September 1779 *

Pai J on ditto - - - - up to ditto Time.

Paid on ditto - - - - up to ditto Time -

Paid on several Payments, up to ditto Time.

Arrears on the following Annuities, paid up to the 31st December 1779, inclusive.

£. $. d.

Paid Arrears on former Dividend*, to 98 175 — —

Paid Principal and Interest on 99th Dividend - - 1,091 9 10

Arrears on the following Annuities, paid up to the 30th September 1779, inclusive.

Paid Art4 Ac. on former Dividends, N° 3 and 4 -Paid An*1 Ac. on former Dividends, N° 1 to 11 - 31 y 6

Paid Principal and Imereft on 10, 19, 13, and 14 Dividends.....- 737 *3 9

Paid Air* of In* on Reduced Ann* subscribed to be paid off, 1774 -

Ditto - - - - ditto, Anno 1775 90 19 6

Ditto, Principal and Interest, ditto 968 — —

Paid Certiorates for Prizes in the following Lotteries, to the 31st December 1779; viz*.....1769 -

1770 -

1771 -177* -»774 -1775 -

1777 -

1778 -

£. #.

60,999 19

S>764>473 3*5*614 *3

509,999 IO

3*5*49° 9L715 1 >099,08 8

1*533,108 391*303 11 49,11° —

d.

9

5

1

5 7

6

9

3

10

7*013,957 4 —

1,196 3 to

4 16 —

769 1 3 3 15 —

98R 19 6

190 — — 90-----

54----

100----

940 —

780----

495,460 —

473,07° —

ini

D CT rt 3

? s5 s*

Vj

CO

<1

14 Geo. III. 50 Decembris.

4 per CentConfol4 -4 per Cent. 1777 Short Ann* 1777 Short Ann* 1777 -

a

o

Received a Years Int. on 18,986,300l. due 5th £. $. d. £. T

April 1779 ..... il5l8(g0+ — —

Man* on ditto to ditto Time - - 11,359 11 9 > ,540,263 11 9

Received a Years Int. on 5,000,000L due 5th

APr‘l *779 400,000

Man* on ditto to ditto Time - - 5,635

405,625 — —

Received 3 Years lot. on 35,000 /. due 5th April

>779 ..... 50,000

Man* on ditto to ditto Time - - a 6

50,703 2 6

Received to pay Certificates for Prizes in Lottery 1777 500,000

Ditto - - - - ditto ---- ditto 1778 480,000

Received to reimburse Fees and Charges allowed in the a Years

Account, to 5th July 1777 ----- 19,367 17 10

£. 8,437.889 >7 10I

3 per Cent 1716 3 per Cent- Coua4

3$ per Cent. 1758 Long Anni Ann* for 30 Years Reduc4 Ann*

4 per Cent. Cons4 4 perCent. 1777 Short Anu* 1777

Allowances to the Bank of England, for Management of the several Annuities. Ac. contained in this Account; viz.

£. s. d.

- Paid 3 Years Manag*, to the 5th July 1779

- Paid 3 Years ditto, to ditto, on 40,401,696/. 5*. 1 45,140 7 3

Paid 11 Year's ditto, to ditto, on 6,000,000l. - 5»o6* 10 —

£, t. d. 720----

50,30a 17 *

OO

OO

- Paid a Years ditto to ditto -

- Paid a Years ditto to ditto - -

- Paid 1 f Years ditto to ditto -

- Paid a Years ditto to the 5th April 1779 -

- Paid a Years ditto to ditto -

- Paid a Years ditto to ditto -

- Paid a Years ditto to ditto - - - - v -

£. 1. d.

Paid Auditor’s Fees, for examining the above Acc* 10,994 10 — Paid D°, for examining the Contribution Account of Annuities and Lottery 1778, at the Rate of

50/. per Million, on 6,480,000l. - - - - 314-

Paid ditto, ditto 1779, on 7,490,000l. - - - 37410 —

Paid Fees and Charges at the Treasury in relation to the above Accounts -

To Balance carried to Audit Roll 1781 -

5,06a 10 — 6,98a — 6 3.1*3 19 9 10,647 19 10 *1*359 i» 6

5,635-----

703 a 6

*1.693-----

1,130 16 6

8,133,004 9 7

314,8^5 8 3$ 8,437.889 17 10 i

Cn

o

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Abraham Newland, Esquire, this Accountant, maketh Oath, that the aforegoing Account is just and true, according to the heft of his Knowledge and Belief.

A. Newland.

Sworn before me, this a6th Day of June 178a.

Francis Mqferes,

Cursitor Baron.

Auditor of Imprest's Office, 39th July 1783*

A true Copy.

Cha* Harris,

Dep7 Audr.

44 Geo. III. 5° Decembris. 789

N® 8.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commillloners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The MEMORIAL of Abraham Newland, Chief Calliicr of the Bank of,

llumhlv Sheneth,

That your Memorialist hath, by the Order of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, paid

divers Sums of Money, amounting to Ten thousand Four Eleventh hundred and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Report Pence, for Fees of various Kinds, at the Treasury and Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the Imprest, in relation to his Accounts of the several Bank Annuities ending the 5th July 1779; the Particulars whereof are hereunto annexed.

Your Memorialist therefore prays your Lordships will be pleased to order the Re-payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, to reimburse the said Fees and Charges.

Am ACCOUNT of Fees and Charges paid by Abraham Newland, in passing his Accounts of the several Annuities and Lotteries, payable at the Bank of England, for the Times under mentioned.

1778. June 18th.

October 21ft.

November 25th.

£. s d.

To paid Fees at the Treasury, for Warrant and Order, for 280,468/. 12 id. being Half a Year’s Interdl and Management on the Reduced Annuities, due 5th April 1778 - -

To D® for 3 8.5,065 /. 175. 11 id. being Half a Year’s Interest and Management on per Cent. Consolidated, due D° _____ To I)® for 102,812/. io«. being for 6 Months Interest and 12 Months Management on per Cent. 1777, due 5th April 1778 - -

To 1)* for 12,851 /. 11 s.3 d.being D® on 104. Annuity 1777, due D°

To D° for 617,310/. l os. X d. being for 6 Months Interest and Management on 3 per Cent. Consoliduted, due 5th July 1778 122 10 —

To I)0 for 104,437/. 10$. being 6 Months Interest, Part of

3 per Cent. 1778, and Part of 30 Year’s Annuity, due D* - 5-

To D® for 80,015/. 12 s.6d. being 6 Months Interest and

Management on 31 per Cent. 1758, due D® - - - 5-

To D® for 125,870/. ioj. 1 Id.being D*on Long Annuities,

due D®.....- - - - 10----

40-----

12 10 —

5----

5 -

To D® for 280,468/. 123. id. being D® Reduced Annuities, due lotli October 1778 -

To 1>® for 385,065/. 17 s. 11 id.being D® 4 per Cent.

Consoliduted, due D* ——

To D® for 101,406/. 55. being D® 4 per Cent. 1777, due D® 2 10 —

To D' for 12,675 / >5*- 7id. being D® 1 o Annuity, 1777,

due D* - - . - - . - - - 2 10 —

142 10 —

40-----

12 10 —

To D® for 9,707 /. 135. 5 d. for the Repayment of Treasury and Auditor’s Fees -

1770-February 15th.

To D® for 617,310/. 10s. 8 d.being 6 Months Interest and Management on 3 per Cent. Consolidated, due 5th January 1779 - - 122 10 —

To D® for 90,000l. being 6 Months Interest D®, due D® - 2 10 —

To D® for 22,875 /. being 6 Months Interest D®, due D® - 210 —

March 22d. To D® for 111,262/. 13?. 6 d.being 6 Months Interest on the Remainder of 150,000l. 30 Years Annuity 1778, 5th July 1778, being 37,687/. 104. and 6 Months Annuity on 147,150/. 7 which is 73,575/. 3 4.6 due

5th January 1779 - - - 5-----

To L)° for 80,015/. 12 s. 6 d. being 6 Months Interest and

Management on 3I per Cent. 1758, due D® - - 5-----

To D® for 125,870/. being six Months Interest and Management on Long Annuities, due D®- - - - 10----

To D® for 30,360 /. One Year’s Interest and Management on

3 per Cent. 1726, due 5th July 1779 - - - - 5----

To L)® for 9,707/. 134. 5 d. for a Reimbursement of Auditors and Treasury Fees, ending 5th July 1776 - - 11 —

To D® for the Contribution Account Annuities 1778 - - 11 —

June 8th. To D® on proving the Contribution Account of Annuities and Lottery 1778, 5th June 1779 ——

To D® for 280,468/. 124. id. being 6 Months Interest and Management

on Reduced Annuities, due 5th April 1779 - - 4°-----

To U® for 385,065/. 174. 11 \dbeing D* on per Cent. Consolidated, due D* - - - - .12 10 —

Vol. 39. 9 p

5 - —

5----

127 10 —

27 2 —

1 6 —

To

r.lcvertU

Report on Public Accouuu.

790 50 Decembris.

June Sth. To D® for 114,082/. o. being -

September 3d. To D° for So,oi 5/. 12 s.6 d.the Half Year’s Interest and Management on

3i per Cent. 1758, due 5th July 1779 - - - 5-----

To 1)" for 30,360/. a Year’s Interest and Management on

Annuities 1726, due 5th July 1780 - - - 5-----

To 1)° for 76,699 /. 3 s. 9 d. being 6 Months Interest and

Management on Annuities 1778, due 5th July 1779 - 5-----

To D° for 181,492/. 1 ox. being D® on Annuities 1779 due D® 5 — —

To D® for 125,870 /. 10 s. 1 id. being D°on Long Annuities, due D® - - -10 — —

To D° for 9,660 /. 4 s.5 d. being for the Reimbursement of

Auditors and Treasury Fees - - - 5 — —

To D® for 5,834/. 15 s.being for Memorial, &c. on Contributions to Annuities and Lottery 1778 - - - - 3 3 —

101,406/. 5$. D®on4 per Cent. 1777 12,675/. 15* 7 D® on ioj. Annuity 1777

£. d. -due D® 5------

7th. To D® for 712,373/. os. 8d. being 6 Months Interest and Management on 3 per Cent. Consolidated, due 5th July 1779 -

November 26th. To D® for 280,468/. 125. id. being D® on reduced Annuities, due lothO&ober 1779 - - - - -40-----

To D* for 385,065 /. 175. 11 \ d. being D® on per Cent.

Consolidated, due D* - - - - 12 10 —

To D° for 114,082/. os. 7id. being 101,406/. 55. "I

D® on per Cent. 1777 - -.due D* 5-----

12,675/. 15 s. 7i d. D® on 10 s. Annuities D°J 1780. '

March 1 ft. To D® for Fees to the Pipe Office, on passing the Accounts of Abraham Neicland, Receiver of the Contributions to Annuities and Lottery 1778.

A. 1783*

57 10 —

38 3 — 130 - —

57 10 —

To D® to the Clerk of the Pipe, Secondary, and his

Clerks, including 1 /. is. Gratuity - - - 40 1 —

To D® for 258 Tallies, at 1 s.6d. each - - - 19 7 ' —

To I)° Stamps - 3 —

To D® Bagman - — -5 —

June 13th. July 7th.

To D® for 6,640 /. 10^. 10 d. being for Memorial, &c. on Contributions to Annuities and Lotter To and

v)v<tv M V 0» A V U. L/VUlg 1UI IfAVlUvl IUIj WV/« V*A WMUIWUWWIW W

\nnuities and Lottery 1779 -

D° on proving the Contribution Account of Annuities and Lottery 1779, md the Two Years Account of Annuities ending 5th July 1777 -

59 *6 —

3 3 —

27 —

1780. July 7th.

AUDITORS Fees, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Accounts of Dividend Warrants, paid upon the several Annuities, for the Times undermentioned, at the Rate of 100l. per Annum per Million; viz.

3 per Cent. 1726, a Year, from 5th July 1777 to 5th July

1778, on 1,000,000l. ---- 100-----

3t per Cent. 1758, a Year, from 5th July 1777 to 5th July

1778,004,500,000l. ---- 450-----

Long Annuities, - - D® to D®, on 6,206,250 L- - 620 12 6

3 per Cent. Consolidated, D*to D® on 40,401,696/. 55. 1 id. 4,040 3 4

D®, 6 Months, from 5th January"! „„„

,778 to D-, on - - ’} 4,475,000l. - - - 223 15

Ann» for 30 Years 6 Mo*, from D* to D®, on 1,865,625 /. - 93 5 7

4 per Cent. Consolidated, a Year, from 5th April 1777 to 5th

April 1778, on 18,986,300l. - - - - -1,898 12 7

3 per Cent. Reduced, - D*toD®, on 18,353,773 L 165. 4 1,835 7 6 Annuity for 10 Years, - D® to D®, on 625,000l. - - 62 10 —

Paid for examining the Contribution Account of Annuities and

Lottery 1778, at 50/. per Million, on 6,480,000l. - 324 — —

_______ 9,648 6 6

£. 10,420 3 6

A. Chief Cashier.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Memorial to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprelts, who are to examine into the Account, and make Report thereupon to their Lordships.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, John Robinson.

31st Day of August 17S0.

To

24 Geo. III. 50 Decembris.

791

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, on the annexed Memorial of Abraham,

Chief Cashier to the Governor and Company of the Rank of England, praying Repayment of Fees to the Treasury and Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the Imprdts, in relation to the Accounts of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lotteries; and the Account of the several Rank Annuities, according to the Particulars thereto annexed:

We humbly report to your Lordships, That the Fees paid for Warrants and Orders, directing several Sums of Money to be imprested to the Memorial!!!, for paying Interest, and for Management of the several Species of Annuities, for the respective Times therein mentioned, §c. are vouched by Lists of the Particulars and

Receipts.

The Fees to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Im-prefts for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Accounts of the several Species of Annuities therein mentioned, are computed at the Rate of 100l. per Annum, lor every Million Principal; the Rate allowed in the preceding Accounts of the Rank Annuities, by virtue of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury. And the Fees paid, on passing the Account of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery for the Year 1778, are in proportion to what has been paid on like Occasions.

The Account of the before-mentioned Fees and Charges, annexed to the said Memorial, amounts to the Smn of Ten thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships.

Auditors Office, mIlZs’j, } Deputy Auditors, loth November 1780.

After, tsc. and by virtue of the Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; Thele are to pray and require your Grace to draw an Order for paying in to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for w hom the said Governor and Company are to tic answerable, the Sum of 10,420/. 3 6</. by way

of luipreft and upon Account, to reimburse Fees and Charges paid by Abraham , Esquire, in passing

the Accounts of the several Annuities and Lotteries payable at the Bank of England, in the Years 1778 and

1779; and to the Auditors for examining and ingrossing Eleventh the Accounts of Dividend Warrants, paid upon the several Report Annuities in the Year 1780; and let the same be satisfied °.n *ub, lc

„, - , Accounts.

in Manner following:

Out of the Duty of 1 granted

for paying Annuities 1726 -

Out of the Duties granted by Act 18 Geo. IIP for paying Annuities 1778 - _ - - .

Out of the Duties granted by Act iq Geo. IIP for paving Annuities 1*779 - ’ -

Out of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, composing the Sinking Fund -

£. s. d. no-----

722 7 7

10 10 —

9,577 5 "

£. 10,420 3 6

For which, &'c. July 5th 1781.

North,

C. JV. Cornwall, Palmerston.

Bank Cashier Disbursements.

N* 9.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The MEMORIAL of Abraham Newland, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England.

Humbly Sheweth,

That your Memorialist bath, by the Order of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, paid divers Sums of Money, amounting to Twelve thousand Three hundred and Ninety-three rounds Thirteen Shillings, for Fees of various Kinds, at the Treasury and Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the Imprelt, in relation to his Accounts of the several Bank Annuities for Two Years, ending the 5th July 1779; the Particulars whereof art hereunto annexed.

Your Memorialist therefore prays your Lordship9 will be pleased to order the Payment of the said Sum of Twelve thousand Three hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings, to reimburse the said Fees and Charges.

Vol. 39.

FEES

79 2

5° Decembris

A. 1783.

Eleventh

He port on Public Account*.

FEES paid at the Treasury and Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the Imprest, by Abraham Ketvldnd,

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England.

Paid at the Exchequer for 21 Imprest Rolls, for Monies issued for paying the Warrants and Charges of this Account, at per Roll -D®, P. Sykes, for Fees at the Pipe Office, for obtaining the Quietus for the Two Years Account, from 5th July 1775 to 5th July 1777 -

Paid for Fees to the Pipe Office, on passing the Account of Abraham Receiver of the Contributions to Annuities and Lottery 1779; viz.

Clerk of the Pipe, Secondary, and his Clerks, 45/.; for 297 Tallies, at is. 6d. each, 22/. 5s. 6d. , Stamps 3s.; Bagman 5s.; Gratuity 1/. is. - .

D®, MclTrs. Lloyd and Bray, on passing the Accounts of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lotteries 1778 and 1779, at 10/. 19s. 6d. each -D®, Mr. Bray, for the several Offices under mentioned, on passing the Account of Bank Annuities for Two Years, to 5th July 1777; viz.

At the Chancellor’s of the Exchequer 5 /. 11 s.; at the Treasury 5 /. 17s.; at the King’s Remembrancer’s Office 5/. 5 s.; at the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office 4/. 5 s.; Gratuity and Incidents 2/. 2s.

D\ Fees on proving the Account of Contributions to Annuities and Lottery 1780.....-----

£-*. d. 84-----

150 —

68 14 6 21 19 —

23----

1 6 —

D®, Charles Harris, Esquire, Executor to William , Esquire, deceased,

and Leras Lord Sondes, for examining and ingrafting the Account of Dividend Warrants, paid on the several Annuities under mentioned, after the Rate of 10 ol. per Annum for each Million Principal.

3/. per Cent. 1726, a Y'ear, from 5th July 1778 to 5th July 1779, on

1,000,000l. - -.....100-----

3 i perCent. 1758, D® - - - - D° - - - - to D* 4,500,000l. 450 ——

Long Annuities, - D® - - - to D* 6,206,250/. 620 12 6

3/. per Cent. Consolidated, 6 Months, from 5th January 1778 to 5th July 1778,

1,525,000l.....7 65 —

D®, a Year, from 5th July 1778, to 5th July 1779, 46,401,696/. 1 id. -4,640 3 4

3/. per Cent. Consolidated, 6 Months, from 5th January 1779 to 5th July

W7P, 5,664,500l.....283 46

Annuities for 30 Years D®, from 5th January 1778 to 5th July 1778,

348 19 6

1,884.375/..... 94 4 4

D®, a Year, from 5th July 1778 to 5th July 1779, 3,678,758/. 15 s. - - 367 17 6

Annuities for 29 Years, 6 Months, from 5th January 1779 to D®, 4,826,250/. 241 6 3

4/. per Cent. Consolidated, a Year, from 5th April 1778, to 5th April 1779,

18,986,300l. - - -’ - - - -1,898 12 7

3/. per Cent. Reduced D* D® to D®, 18,353,773/. 16s. - - 1,835 7 6

4/. per Cent. 1777, 2 Years, from 5th April 1777 to D®, 5,000,000l. - - 1,000-----

Short Annuities 1777, Year, from 5th April 1778 to D®, 625,000l. - - 62 10 —

Paid for examining the Contribution Account of Annuities and Lottery 1779»

at 50/. per Million, on 7,490,000l. ----- 374 10 —

--------- 12,044 13 6

£ 12,393 13 —

A. Newland, Chief Cashier. ______

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Memorial to the Auditors of 11 is Majesty’s Imprefts, or either of them, who are desired to examine the fame, and report thereon to their Lordlliips.

Grey Cooper.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

February 27th, 1782.

To

24 Geo. III. 5 Decemb793

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

May it pleufe your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference on the annexed Memorial of Abraham Newland, Chief Cashier to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, praying Repayment of Fees to the Treasury and Exchequer, and puffing the Accounts of the several Bank Annuities, and the Accounts of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lotteries therein mentioned; and to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts for their Fees, for Auditing the said Accounts, according to the Particulars thereto annexed:

We humbly report to your Lordships, That the Fees paid at the Exchequer, for the Imprest Rolls, to the Account of the Annuities for Two Years, to the 5th July 1779: The Fees paid at the several Offices of the Treasury and Exchequer, on passing the Account of the said Annuities for Two Years, to the 5th July 1777: And the Fees paid on passing the Account of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lotteries 1778, 1779, and 1780, are the uiiial Payments.

The Fees paid the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Account of the several Species of Annuities therein mentioned, are computed at the Rate of too/, per Annum, for each Million Principal; and the Fees for auditing the Account of the Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery 1779, are computed at the Rate of 50/. per Annum, for each Million Principal; being the same Rates as have from Time to Time been allowed the Auditors, by virtue of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of Ills Majesty’s Treasury.

The Account of tire foregoing Fees and Charges, annexed to the said Memorial, amounts to the Sum of Twelve thousand Three hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings.

Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships.

Auditor’s Office, 22d May 1782.

John Lloyd,

Phil. Deare, J- Deputy Auditors. Chd Harris,)

After our hearty Commendation, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; thefo are to pray and require your Grace to draw an Order for paying in to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for whom the said Governor and Company are to be answerable, the Sum of Twelve thousand Three hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Purposes following: To reimburse the Fees paid at the Exchequer, for the Imprest Rolls, to the Account of Annuities for Two Years, to 5ft1 «/u/y 1779: The Fees paid at the several Offices of the Treasury and Exchequer, on passing the Accounts of the said Annuities for Two Years, to 5th July 1777: And the Fees paid on passing the Account of the Contributions to Annuities and Lotteries 1778,

1779, and 1780.....----- 348 19 6

The Fees paid the Auditor of His Majesty’s Imprest, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Account of the several Species of Annuities therein mentioned, are computed at the rate of 100l. per Annum, for each Million Principal: And the Fees for auditing the Account to the Contributions to Annuities and Lottery, 1779, are computed at the Rate of ',0I. per Annum, for each Million Principal; being the same Rates as have from Time to Time been allowed the Auditors, by virtue of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of Jits Majesty’s Treasury ----- 12,044 13 6

£ 12,393 13 —

And let the same be satisfied in Manner following; viz.

Out of Cadi remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties and Revenues composing the Sinking £. s. d.

Funds .....10,164 511

D*, of Duties granted for paying Annuities, granted by an Act iSth Geo. the IIP. - - - 1,138 6 10

D% of Duties granted for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 19th Geo. the in'1. - '524 10 9

D°, of the Deduction of 6 Pence per £.from all Payments by the Crown - - - - 100-----

D°, out of Contributions to Annuities, 17,59 - - - 19° 5* 9

D°, out of D° - - to Lottery, 1760 - -- 212 18 2f

I)*, out of D* - - to Lottery, 1775 - 686

I)9, out of D° - - to Lottery, 1777 - - - 17 —

£ 12,393 13 —

And for so doing this shall be your Grace’s Warrant.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

27th June 1782.

To his Grace the Duke of Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ex4 C. H.

AUhorp,

J. Grenville, F. Montague.

Vou 39-

9 Q N* 10.

794

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

5 Decembris. ’ 1783.

N* 10.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Memorial of die Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Humbly represents, .

That in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for raising the Sum of Twelve Million Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by Annuities and Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1781, there hath been received at the Bank of England, from the Contributors -on the Terms of the said Act, the full Sum of Twelve Million Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds.

That your Memorialists have paid Twelve Million Three hundred and Eighty-seven thousand Six hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, Part thereof, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; and Eighty-one thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence, other Part thereof, for Interest, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, allowed by the said Act to such of the Contributors as advanced their Money previous to the Times appointed for paying the fame.

The Residue of the said Twelve Million Four hundred and Eighty Thousand Pounds, being Ten thousand and Six hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, your

Memorialists pray your Lordships will allow them to retain for the Use and Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of their Officers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Twelve Million Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, and the Charges thereof; viz'. Nine thousand Six hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, in respect of Twelve Millions, being at the rate of Eight hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence per Million; and One thousand Pounds in respect of the Lottery; which Sums are in Proportion to former Allowances for the like Services.

Your Memorialists also pray, your Lordships will be pleated to allow the Annual Sum of Ten thousand One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, for the Services respecting the 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the Fifth Day of January 1781; and for the Services respecting the 41, per Cent. Annuities, the Annual Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings; these Sums being agreeable to former Allowances for the like Services: and that your Lord-ships will be pleated to order the same to be paid to their Chief Cashier, for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors,

Francis Martin,

Assistunt Secretary.

An

o

cc An ACCOUNT of the Contributions for raising 12,480,000/, by Annuities and Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1781, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-first

«o

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, as the same hath been received and paid at the Bank of England, by Abraham Nerwlatid, Chief Cashier.

a

M

D

(n

r4

N'

CD

CL

CT

H

c

o

o

FT

Received of sundry Contributors the Sum of Twelve Millions in full for the Purchase of the Sum of Eighteen Millions in Capital Stock of 3/. per Cent. Annuities, to be added to and made Part of the 3 /. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities and of the Sum of Three Millions in Capital Stock of 4/. per Cent. Annuities, to be added to and made Part of the 4Z. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; both of which Annuities are to commence from the 5th Day of January 1781....

Received of the said Contributors the further Sum of 480,000l. in full for the purchase of 48,000 Lottery Tickets, of 10/. each, in the Lottery appointed by the Act above-mentioned, the Prizes of which are to be paid in Money -

s. d.

12,000,000 -

480,000 —

£. 12,480,000 -

Paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, in Part of the Sum of 12,480,000l. contributed for the Purchase of Annuities and Lottery as

£;r contra, the Sum of Twelve Millions Three hundred ighty-seven thousand Six hundred Twenty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence -

Paid Eighty-one thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence, for an Allowance, after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, to such of the Contributors as advanced their Money before the Times appointed for paying the same -

Retained Ten thousand Six hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of their Officers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said 12,480,000l. and for the Charges attending the same -

A. New Chief Cashier.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Memorial to the Auditors of the Im-prest, who are desired to examine the fame, and report thereon to their Lordships.

John

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, December 18th, 1781.

JO- s. d.

12,387,624 5 S

81,706 4 4

Cn

1

r.

10,66910 —

12,480,000 —

vo

Crv

> g w

s "-s a

i c 2 |

= z " 5

? o »*

79

5° Decembris

A. 1783

Eleventh

Report on Public Accounts.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, on the annexed Memorial of the Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, praying an Allowance for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Contributions, for raising the sum of 12,000,000l. by Annuities, and the Sum of 480,000l. by a Lottery, the Prizes of which are to be paid in Money, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for " establishing a Lottery

We humbly report to your Lordships, That it appears, by an Account exhibited into our Offices by Abraham Newland, Chief Cashier to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, that the Sum of 12,000,000l. has been received at the Bank of England, from sundry Contributors, in full of the Purchase of the Sum of Eighteen Millions in £. s. d. Capital Stock, of 3/. per Cent. Annuities, to be added to and made Part of 3 /. per Cent Consolidated Annuities; and of the Sum of Three Millions in Capital Stock of 4/. per Cent. Annuities, to be added to and made Part of the per Cent Coniblidated Annuities;

both of which Annuities are to commence from the 5th Day of January 1781 - - 13,000,000-----

And that the further Sum of 480,000l. in lull of the Sum of 13,480,000l. has also been received at the Bank, for the purchase of 48,000 Lottery Tickets of 10/. each, in the Lottery appointed by the aforesaid Act of Parliament, the Prizes of which are to be paid in Money ..... 480,000-----

£. 12,480,000-----

There has been paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, in Part of 12,480,000 L contributed to the Purchase of the said Annuities and Lottery, as by Tallies there levied, the Sum of ——

And there has been paid, according to the Directions of the said Act of Parliament, for Interest on the Contributions to the said Annuities and Lottery, at the rate of 3 /. per Cent, per Annum, to such of the Contributors as advanced their Money before the Times appointed for paying the lame, as by an Account of Particulars signed by the Chief Cashier appears, the Sum of -

The Sum prayed by the said Memorialists to be allowed for the Service of their Officers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said 12,000,000 /. on the Annuities and the Charges thereof, is computed after the rate of 805/. 155. 10 per Million, and is in Proportion to former Allowances for the like Services -

And the further Sum of 1,000l. is also prayed to be allowed, by the said Memorialists, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Certificates to be made out, for the Benefit Tickets in the said Lottery, which is the same as has been allowed in former Accounts of the like Service ——

12,387,624 5 8

81,706 4 4

9,669 10 —

1,000-----

£. 13,480,000-----

There is prayed to be allowed the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Management of the said Annuities, from the 5th of January 1781, at the Rate of 562/. 105. per annum for every Million, being the same as has been formerly allowed in Accounts of the like Service, which, according to the Terms of the Act of Parliament for raising the said 12,000,000l. amounts in 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities to 18,000,000l.; and at the aforesaid Rate makes 10,125/. And on the further Sum of 3,000,000l. 4/. per Cent Annuities, to which the said Contributors are entitled by virtue of the aforesaid Act, and at the same Rate amounts to 1,687/. 105. and which we humbly represent is the same in Proportion to what has been allowed for transacting Annuities granted in former Years; and which together amounts, for one year, ending the 5th January 1782, to 11,812/. 105.

Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John j

Auditor’s Office, Phil. Deare, fDepr Auditots.

11th June 1782. Chef J

After our hearty Commendations j Upon Examination of the aforegoing Report, We do hereby authorize and direct you, or either of you, before whom shall be made up and passed the Account of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Monies received by him or them, from the several Subscribers and Contributors towards the Sum of Twelve Millions Four hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, under an Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, in the Twenty-first Year of llis AI aj city's Reign, to give Allowances thereupon of the several Sums herein after particularly mentioned; viz.

For

24 Geo. III.

5* Decembris.

797

For Allowances, at the Rate of 3 /. per Cent, per Annum, paid according to the Directions of the said Act, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Money contributed towards the Sum of 18,000,000l. in Capital Stock of 3 /. per Cent Annuities, to be added to and made Part of the 3 /. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, and of the Sum of 3,000,000 /. in Capital Stock of per Cent. Annuities, to be added to and made Part of the per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in respect to the Payments actually made by several such Subscribers and Contributors, previous to the Day appointed by the said Act for the respective Payments thereby directed - 81,706 4 4

For Allowances which we think proper, and, by virtue of the Power given us by the said"

Act, do settle and appoint to be made for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and of other the Officers of the said Governor and Company, and for their I Charges in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions towards the said Sum) of 12,480,000l., which Allowances are to be made for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only -

10,669 lb —

.£92,375 14 4

Althorp,

J. Grenville,

F. Montague,

To our very good Lords, Lam Lord Sondes, and John Lord Viscount Mount stuart, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

And for lo doing this shall be your Warrant

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 27th Day of June 1782.

N* 11.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

Daniel Race, Gentleman, Chief Cashier for transacting the Affairs of the Bank Annuities, having delivered into Auditor Bensons Office an Account of Money advanced and contributed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising the Sum of 800,000l. by Annuities, at 3/. per Cent per Ann. transferable at the Bank of England, as the same has been received and paid by the Accountant at the Bunk:

1 have examined the said Account, and humbly lay before your Lordships the following State thereof; viz.

The Charge consists of

Money received of the several Contributors, between the 23d of June 1742 and the lit of December following, for the Purchase of the said Annuities, as by an Account of this Accountant, exhibited upon his Oath, appears, the Sum of----- - ---- j£\ 800,000 — -

Against which

The said Accountant is allowed Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, as by Tallies there levied --------- 791,822 12 9

Money allowed the several Contributors for prompt Payment, after the Rate of 4/. per Cent, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament, as by an Account of the Particulars, expressing the Days on which the Contribution Money was paid, attested by the Accountant General to the Bank of England, appears ---- - 7,677 7 3

And for an Allowance to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the said Sum of 800,000l. the Sum of 500l., which is to be allowed by your Lordships by virtue of the aforesaid Act of Parliament ----- 500---

Total of the Discharge - - £, 800,000-----

And lo the Accountant, if this Account shall be allowed by your Lordships, will be even"! and - - -1"

J

All which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships.

Edit4 Bangham,

16th June 1743. Deputy to JVm Benson, Esquire, Auditor.

After our hearty Commendations; Having taken into our Consideration the aforegoing State by you made of the Account of Daniel Race, Gentleman, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, for transacting the Affairs of the Bank Annuities, of the Money received at the Bank for Contributions to transferable Annuities for 800,000l. grounded on an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and of the Payments and Allowances out of the fame: Wc think fit to allow’ and approve the several Articles therein contained. These are therefore to authorize and direct you to make up the said Account according to the said State, and present the same for Declaration accordingly.

And for so doing this lhatl be your Warrant.

Wilmington,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, Sam1 Sandys,

22d June 1743. J. Rushout,

Phill. Gybbon.

To our very loving Frie nd I Fm Benson, Esquire, one of the Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefts.

Account of Contributions to 800,000l. Bank Annuities, Anno 1742, to be passed according to the Auditor’s State. Yo l. 39. 9 R N* 12.

Eleventh Report on Public Account*

798

5® Decembris

A. 1783

Eleventh

Report on Tublic Accounts*

N* 12.

N* 13.

Afterour hearty Commendations; Whereas the Yearly Sum of 54,600 /. is imprested to you at the Receipt of His Majesty s Exchequer, upon and by virtue of lundry Acts of Parliament, passed in the First Year of His Majesty’s Reign, to be issued, paid over, and applied in Manner following: That is to say, 45,500l. Annum, Part thereof, to pay Annuities, after the Rate of 5 /. per Cent, per Ann. for and upon the Sum of 910,000l. contributed for the Purchase thereof; 8,450/. per Ann. other Part thereof, to pay like Annuities for and upon the Sum of 169,000l., which was further contributed for the Purclmle thereof; and a Sum not exceeding 650 /. per Ann. Residue of the said Yearly Sum of 54,600l., as well for your own Salary and Allowance for receiving the Money to pay the said several Annuities, and applying the same to that Use, and for your Pains and Charges in keeping and rendering your Accounts thereof, as for the Salary and Allowance to the Accountant General of the Bank for the Time being, for his Service and Charge in performing the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him, by means of the said Acts. All which said Yearly Sums were made, by the said Acts, to commence from Michaelmas 1715; and the said Yearly Sum of 650/. for Salaries and Allowances, in Manner aforesaid, are thereby apportioned as followeth: That is to say, 250/. per Ann. for your own Salary; and 200l. per Ann. for the Salary of the Accountant General, with respect to the receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Yearly Sum of 45,500l. for Annuities, for and upon the Sum of 910,000l. contributed as aforesaid: and 100l. per Ann. for your own Salary, and 100l. per Atm. for the Salary of the Accountant General, with respect to the receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Yearly Sum of 8,450/. for Annuities, for and upon the further Sum of 169,000l. contributed as aforesaid, as in and by the said several Acts, Relation being the reunto had, may more fully appear. Now these arc, by virtue of the aforesaid Acts, to authorize and impower you, out of the Monies that have been, or shall from Time to Time be imprested and paid to you at the said Receipt, for the Purposes aforesaid, not only to retain and keep the several and respective Salaries and Allowances, so made payable to you as aforesaid, and which amount in the Whole to 350 /. per Ann. but also to pay over unto the Accountant General of the Bank, for the Time being, the several and respective Salaries and Allowances so made payable to him as aforesaid, and which amount in the Whole to 200l.* per Ann.: all which Salaries and Allowances are to commence from Michaelmas 1715, and to be paid Quarterly, in Manner as by the said respective Acts is directed and appointed. And for so doing, this, with the proper Acquittances in that Behalf, shall be as well to you for Payment, as to the Auditors, and all others concerned, for allowing such Payment from Time to Time upon your Account, a sufficient Warrant.

J. Aislabie,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, G. Baillie,

2d July 1718. IV. Clayton.

To Tho' Maddox, Esquire, first or principal Cashier of the Bank of England, and to the first or prin- , cipal Cathicr of the Bank of England for the Time being.

Cashier and Accountant General of the Bank dormant Warrant on Account of Annuities.

After our hearty Commendations; Whereas by the Act passed Duodecimo Georgii Reg. for granting to His Majesty the Sum of One Million, to be raised by way of a Lottery, it is araongst other Things Enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Ann. shall be redeemed according to the said Act, appoint and employ One sufficient Person within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier, and One other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that the said Cashier, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Ann. shall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; and the said Accountant General, for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; as in and by the said Act, Relation being the reunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Court of Directors of the Bank of England have, by their Memorial to us, humbly prayed, That such Allowance may be made to the Bank, for their Charges of Management of the said Annuities, as we should think reasonable: Now we, having taken the Premises into our Consideration, do think reasonable and fitting to grant and allow unto the Bank, to defray such their Charges of Management, the Sum of Three hundred and Sixty Pounds per Ann. to commence from Michaelmas last past, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six: these are therefore to authorize and direct you, the First or Chief Cashier, out of the Monies of the Fund for the said Annuities, that shall from Time to Time be imprested to you at the Receipt of Exchequer, to retain in your Hands, for the use of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, so much Quarterly as in the Whole shall make up the Yearly Sum of Three hundred and Sixty Pounds: For doing thereof, this shall be to you, the said Cashier, for retaining the fame, and to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, and all others concerned in passing and allowing such Payments, from Time to Time, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

R.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, Cha. Turner, the 20th Day of December 1726. Yonge,

Geo.

JVn Strickland.

To our very loving Friends, the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, that is or shall be appointed for Payment of the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, per Ann. upon the Act Duodecimo Georgii Reg.; and to the Accountant General of the Bank, that is or shall be entrusted with the Business of the same Annuities; and to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts; and all others who shall or may be concerned herein.

A true Copy, from the Inrollment Books in the Office of the Right honourable Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

John Wigglesreorth, Auditor of Imprest’s Office, Deputy Auditor.

Scotland Yard, 7thAugult 1783.

N. B. This appears to have been a Mistake in the Entry; it should hare been 300 I.

N® 14.

24 Geo. III.

N* 14.

At General Court of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the 26th April 1695.

The Governor acquainted the Court, That it was called (amongst other Things) to hear the Report of the Committee appointed the 20th of the preceding March, to consider of Gratuities for the Governor, Deputy, and Directors of the Bank of; who were of Opinion, that Three thousand Pounds be presented to the present Governor, Deputy, and Directors, as a Gratuity for their great Pains and constant Attendance of the Affairs of the said Bank, to the 25th of the said March, to be divided by them, as they shall think fit.

And were further of Opinion, that from the said 2r,tli of March, to the 25th of March 1696, Four thousand Pounds be presented, as a Recompence to the Governor, Deputy, and Directors, for that Year; and that the same be divided as follows:

To the Governor - - - 200

To the Deputy - - - 200

To each Director - 150

All which the Committee humbly submitted to the Judgment of the Court.

And upon putting the Question, If this Court do approve of the said Report ? the same passed in the Affirmative.

A Copy of the 13th Bye Law annexed to the Bank’s

Charter.

Item, It is ordained, that the same Recompences to the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Twenty-four Directors, which (pursuant to an Order of the General Court, held the Tvvcntv-sixth of April 1695) were presented them for the Year 1696, be Yearly continued to them reflectively, until further Order of the General Court shall be made therein.

A Copy of the Minute of a General Court, held at the Bank, the jf/th April 1695, relative to the Gratuities to the Governor, Deputy, and Directors; with a Copy of the 13th Bye Law annexed to their Charter.

Robert Latin, Secretary.

Bank of England,

2"th Aug. 1783.

N° 15.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 12th and 15th August 1783.

This Examinant faith. That the only Annuities transferable at the South Sea House, which are audited by the Auditors of the Imprest, are the Annuities of the Year 1731. The Account is made up every Three Years; and One Account only is passed of those Three Years. The Vouchers for this Account are examined, Part in one Office, and Part in the other; but the Account is drawn up in one Office only, and that alternately. Every Year, the Cashier of the South Sea Company fends to the Auditor’s Office, Dividend Books, containing the Names of all the Proprietors, with the Share of each in the Capital Stock; and the Annuity attending it; the Number of each Warrant; a List of the W arrants paid upon that Dividend Book; and the Arrears of former Dividends, with the Warrants thcin-selves ranged in a numerical Order; These. Books and Lifts are lignod by the Accountant of the South Sea Ilonfe: The Warrants are compared with the Entries Vo l. 99-

799

in the Dividend Book, and marked off. This Book, Eleventh and the Warrants for the Arrears, are then examined Report with the paid Lift, and the Cashier has Credit for °n Pub1^ the Amount of that Lift. After the last of the Three CC°Un Years is expired, the Cashier presents a Memorial to the Treasury, praying them to authorize the Auditors of the Imprest to allow him the Fees and Charges he has paid in passing the Account: This Memorial is referred to the Auditors, who examine and make their Report upon it. The Cashier fends the Auditor the Imprest Certificates, to verify the Articles in the Charge of Issues from the Exchequer: He fends, likewise, an Account Current, similar to that sent from the Bank.

The issues from the Exchequer, inserted in the Charge, include the Charges of Management, as well as the Half Year’9 Annuity. These Articles are the same both in ^he Account Current and in the Official Account, and follow the Imprest Certificates.

In the Dj(charge, the Total of the Charges of Management is the same in both. The Allowance is at the same Rate with the Allowance to the Bank, and the Auditor allows it by virtue of a dormant Warrant of the Treasury, dated the 29th November 1752. The Total Sum paid for Dividends, during the Three Years, is the same in both Accounts; but the particular Articles composing that Total, are formed in a different Manner. The Auditor states the Total Sum paid upon each Dividend during the Time of the Account; the Cashier states the Total Sum paid upon all the Dividends during each Half Year. The Total paid for Fees and Chorges is the same in both Accounts:

This is allowed pursuant to the Treasury Warrant annexed to the Memorial of the Cashier, and the Report of the Auditors. The Fee to the Auditors, upon this Account, is at the same Rate with that upon the Bank Account The Account Current is signed by the Cashier, and sworn to by him before a Baron of the Exchequer.

Harris,.

T. Anguish,

Rich4 Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N* 16.

The Examination of Peter Burrell, Esquire,

Cashier of the South Sea Company; taken upon Oath, August 15th and 20th 1783.

This Examinant faith. That he is Cashier of the South Sea Company, and has been lb for about Eighteen Years. The only Account that he passes in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, is of the Annuities of the Year 1751: No Account is passed either of the South Sea Stock, or of the Old or New Annuities. In the Year 1720, they composed One Fund only, which was South Sea Stock. About the Year 1723, Fifty per Cent, of the Stock was separated from it by Act of Parliament, and converted into Annuities, called the South Sea Annuities. About the Year 1733, Seventy-five per Cent, of the remaining Stock was separated from it, and converted into Annuities, called the New South Sea Annuities. The Interest upon all these Funds is received from the Exchequer, at different Times of the Year, upon the Application of the Cashier. In the Beginning of every Year, a Treasury Warrant, and Exchequer Order, are made out for the Payment of the total Sum due for the succeeding Year’s Interest; together with the Charges of Management upon Twenty-four Millions Sixty-five thousand Eighty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, called the Old Capital; which comprehends the total Capital of the above-mentioned Three Funds; and this Sum is diiefted

to

50 Decembris.

v

8oo

5" Decembris. A. 1783.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

to be issued without Account. Upon Application for any Part of this Sum, the Deputy Auditor of the Exchequer enters the Sum to be paid upon the Order; and the Cashier gives each Teller a Receipt for the Sum he receives of him. No Fee whatever is paid for any Part of this Business, either at the Treasury or the Exchequer. The Dividend Warrants, after they are paid, are examined in the Offices both of the Cashier and the Accountant; and are preserved in the Office of the Cashier. The Annual Sum allowed for the Charges of Management on the Old Capital, now constituting the Three Funds, is Fourteen thousand Twenty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence. As the Old Capital confided of a Variety of Funds, and as the Charges of Management of these Funds were computed at a different Rate, the Allowance for the Management of the whole Capital is not estimated at any One. given Rate. The Amount of the unpaid Principal and Dividends, as it flood the 5th

lad, was, on the Annihilations, Twenty-two thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; and of the Stock Dividends, and Interest oa the Annuities, One hundred Seventy-three thousand Four hundred Thirty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence. The Sum for the Charges of Management has always been the fame, except that it has been diininished in Proportion as the Principal of the Old Capital has been paid off.

Burrell.

T. Anguish,

Rich*Neceoe,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

n: 17.

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

N* 17.

C

r Peter Burrell, Cufliicr to the South Sea Company, his Account of Monies received, and Payments by him made, on 1,91 p,6oo/., 3 perCent. Annuities 1731, for Three Years, from the (itl> January 1to the 5th of January 1781, to pay the Interest thereon, and Charges and Fees attending the fame; viz.

CO

o

CO

1778.

July 6th. 1,) til.

1779*

January 14th. July loth.

1780. January 13th.

July 13th.

1781. January 11 th.

20th.

To Balance of last Account, as per Quietus To Cufli imprest for paying the Half Year’s Interest on 1,919,600l. to 5th July 1778, with Charges of Management -

To D* to 5th January 1779 - -

To D# to 5th July 1779 -

To D* to 5th January 1780....

To D* to 5th July 1780 -

To D* to 5th January 1781 -To D* received by a Warrant at the Exchequer, to pay Treasury, Exchequer, Auditor and Cashier’s Fees, on the preceding Account -

A true Copy,

Phil. Deare.

£. d.

*0,634 2 4

29,333 *7 9

29.333 17

29.333 *7

29.333 *7

29.333 *7

20.333 >7 991 12

187,629

9

9

9

9

9

6

1778.

July ll tli.

*779-January 14th. July 10th. 17.So. January 13th. July 13th. 1781. January 1 ith.

By Cash paid the South Sea Company, Haifa Year's Allowance of Management to 5th July 1778 - 539 17 9

£. s.

By D* - to 5th January 1779 By D* - to 5th July 1779 -

By D* - to 5th January 1780 By D* - to 5th July 1780 -

By D° - to 5th January 1781

539 17 539 17

539 17 539 *7

539 17 9

By D* paid sundry Warrants for Interest accrued on said Annuities, as follows; viz.

From 6th January 1778 to 5th July 1778 27,915 18 8 6th July 1778 to 5th January 1779 28,736 5 8

6th January 1779 to 5U1 July 1779 28,651 6 3

6th July 1779 to 5th January 1780 29,021 14 6

6th January 1780 to 5th July 1780 28,488 17 8

6th July 1780 to 5U1 January 1781 28,972 7 2

By D° paid sundry Fees and Charges at the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. - - - - 183124

By D* paid Lord Sondes and Lord stuart, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for auditing and examining said Annuity Accounts for 3Years, to 5th January 1781 575 17 —

By D* paid the Cashier his Allowance of 75 A per Ann. for 3 Years, to 5th January 1778 ----- 225-----

00

By Balance in the South Sea Company’s Calli

Peter Burrell, Esquire, this Accountant, maketh Oath that the above Account is just and true, according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief.

P. Burrell.

Sworn, this 6th Day of December 1781,

Before me, J. Skyrmer.

4-

o

m

o

171,786 9 11

187,629

3,239 6 6

Ln

§L

r

____984 9 4

176,010 5 9 11,618 15 7

00

O

802

I I' vpnth H»*j)ort on i'uulic Accounts,

5 ° Decembris. . 1783.

K* 18.

After our hearty Commendations: Whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of 2,100,000l. to be raised by Annuities and a lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferable at the South Sea House, we are authorized to settle and appoint, among other Things, such Allowances out of the said Fund, as we should think reasonable, unto the Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Annuities thereby established; and all'o to their Accountant General for his Service, Pains, and Trouble, in performing the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him by the said Act; which Allowances are to be for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, and at their Disposal only. And whereas, upon Consideration of a Memorial which hath been laid before us from the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company, we think reasonable to allow unto the said Company the Sum of One thousand One hundred Eighty-one Pounds Five Shillings per , for and

in respect of their receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, amounting to Two Millions One hundred thousand Pounds Principal Money, to commence from Christmas 1751; being computed in Proportion to former Allowances of the like Nature. These are, therefore, to authorize and direct you, the said Cashier, out of the Monies of the Fund for the said Annuities, created by virtue of the said Act of Parliament above mentioned, that shall from Time to Time be imprested to you at the Receipt of Exchequer, to retain in your Hands, for the Use of the South Sea Company as aforesaid, the said Sum of One thousand One hundred Eighty-one Pounds Five Shillings, Yearly, and every Year, computed from Christmas 1751, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed, or we shall think fit to signify our Pleasure to the contrary. And this, with proper Acquittances for the said Payments, shall be, as well to you the said Cashier, for retaining the fame, as to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, and all others concerned in parting and allowing thereof, from Time to Time, upon your Accounts, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

II.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, G.

the 29th Day of November 1752. J. Campbell.

To our very loving Friends, the First and Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, for the Payment of the Annuities for Two Millions One hundred thousand Pounds Principal Money, on an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and the Accountant

General of the South Sea Company, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, and all others who shall or may be concerned herein.

A true Copy,

Phil.Deare, Dcp. Audr.

South Sea Company Annual Allowance of 1,181/. 5*. for Management of 2,100,000l. Annuities 1751.

N* 19.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The MEMORIAL of Peter Burrell, Cashier to the South Sea Company.

Humbly Sheweth,

That your Memorialist hath advanced and paid fevc-ral Sums of Money, for Fees and Charges, in parting the Account of Interest on 1,919,600l. 3 Cent. Annuities 1751, transferable at the Sea House; and

also of Receipts and Payments of Money imprest to him at the Exchequer, for paying the said Annuities, according to the Account hereunto annexed; together with the Allowance humbly craved by your Memorialist for his Trouble and Charges in the Premises, and obtaining his Quietus, amounting to 984/. 95. 4

Your Memorialist therefore most humbly prays, your Lordships will be pleased to grant your Warrant to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, authorizing them to allow the said Payment and Charges, in the Account of the said Annuities for Three Years, to the 5 th January 1781, now depending in their Offices, and preparing for Declaration, in order that he may be reimbursed the fame.

Burrell.

South Sea House,

25th October 1781.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 8th November 1781.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer the aforegoing Memorial to the Auditors of the Imprefts, who are to consider the fame, and to report to their Lordships their Opinion, whether the Sum prayed for therein ought to be allowed.

Grey Cooper.

FEES

24 Geo. III. 5° Decembris. 803

Eleventh Keport on Public Accounts*

FEES and EXPENSES paid by Peter Burrell, Ca&ier to the South Sea Company, for passing the Accounts of the 3 per Cents. 1751, from the 6th of January 1778 to the 5th of January 1781, both inclusive.

1778.

July 29th.

1779-

February 2 2d.

Paid Treasury Fees for Warrants and Orders imprefr to pay the Interest on the 3 per Cento. 1751, for One Year, from the 6th January 1778 to 5th January 1779 inclusive, with Charges of Management -

7

s.

10

a

Paid D* for Warrants and Orders to pay the Interest on the 3 per Cents. 1751, for One Year, from 6th January 1779 to 5th January 1780, with Charges of Management -

10 —

November 12th. Paid attesting the preceding Account of 3 per Cents. 1751, for Three Years, to 5th of January 1778, before the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer -

13 6

Reference on the Memorial of incident Charges - —

Treasury Warrant thereupon - - . - - - 66 —

The Auditors Fees on their Report of preceding Bill of Incidents -Chancellor’s Fees on Declaration - - - - 8 6 6

The Treasury - 8 15 6

King’s Remembrancer - - - - 7176

Treasurer's Remembrancer - - - 676

Pipe Office - -26 10 —

Usual Fee for passing laid Account - - - -11 10 —

1780.

April 3d.

1781.

January 20th.

Paid Treasury Fees for Warrants and Orders to pay the Interest on the 3 per Cents. 1751, for One Year, from 6th January 1780 to the 5th January 1781 -

Paid Exchequer Fees, on receiving 991/. 12. 6. incident Charges; viz.

Civil List, 6d. per £ 24 15 to Tellers Half Fee - - - -14176

Pells.....3 19 6

Auditors - - - 666

March 16th. Paid Treasury Fees for Warrant, and Order for 991/. 12. 6. incident Charges for 3 Years, to 5th January 1778, on the 3 per Cents. 1751 October 5th. Paid Fees to the Exchequer for 3 Imprest Rolls - -

1781.

October 25th. Paid hord Sondes and Lord Mountstuart, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for examining, auditing, and ingrossf-ing the Accounts of 3 per Cents. 1751, for Three Years, to 5th January 1781 - - - 575 17 —

Paid Cashier’s Allowance of 75/. per Ann. for Three Years, to 5th January 1778, for Charges and Trouble „ in p -.fling those Accounts through the several Offices in the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. and obtaining his Quietus for the same Time - - - . - - 225-----

9 9 —

10 10 —

31 7 —

38----

7 10 —

49 19 4

836 12--

183 12 4

800 17 —

984 9 4

Vo L. 39.

To

f Inventh )tr|>’>rr on Pur»lic Accounts.

5 ° Decembris. A. 1783.

To the Right honourable the Y*rds Commissioners of

His M a jetty's Treasury.

May it pleal'c your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference on the annexed Memorial and Account of Peter Burrell, Cashier to the South Sea Company, praying Allowance of the Fees and Charges advanced and paid by him, on passing the Account of Interest upon 2,100,000l. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751, transferable at the South Sea House, which has been reduced by several Subscriptions to the Sum of 1,919,600l.; and also on Receipts and Payments of Money imprested to him at the Exchequer, for paying the said Annuities; together with the Allowances humbly craved for his Trouble and Charge for this Service, and obtaining his

n 7 o

Quietus: We have examined the said Account, and thereupon humbly report to your Lordships,

That several Articles, therein prayed to be allowed, relate to the hit declared Account of the said Annuities for Three Years, to the 5th of January 1778, and consist of Fees paid for a Warrant and Order for Money to be imprested at the Exchequer, to pay incident Charges; and for a Warrant allowing thereof, and other Charges relating thereto, 29/. 16.; for the Civil List Duty and other Fees, stopt at the Receipt of Exchequer on receiving the fame, 49/. 19. 4.; for the ufjal Fees paid on passing the said Account through the several Offices of the Treasury and Exchequer, and obtaining a Quietus, 69 /. 7.; and to the Cashier, for his Trouble and Charges in passing the said Account, and other Services relating thereto, at the Rate of 75/. per Attn.for Three Years, to 5th January

1778, 225/.

The Ilefidue of the Articles, therein prayed' to be allowed, relate to the Account of the said Annuities for Three Years, to the 5th of January 1781, depending in the Auditors Office; and are, for Warrants and Orders, directing Money to be imprested to the said Cashier for paying the Interest of the Annuities, and Charges of Management for the Time of the said Account, 22/. 10.; for Three Imprest Rolls, 12/.; and for Fees to the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the said Accounts, 575/. 17. — The aforegoing Sums prayed to be allowed in the Account of the said Annuities for Three Years, to 5th January 1781, are in proportion to what have been usually allowed on preceding Accounts of this Service; and amount to the Sum of Nine hundred Eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence.

Which is most humbly submitted to your Lordships.

23d November 1781.

John Lloyd, "1 Phil. Deare, V Chef Harris. J

Deputy

Auditors.

After our hearty Commendations; Having considered your Report aforegoing, on the Memorial of Peter Burrell, Esquire, Cashier of the South Sea Company, praying Allowance of certain Sums of Money expended by him, for Fees and Charges in passing the Accounts therein mentioned, and for his Trouble and other his Charges in the Premises: We think the several Sums specified in your said Report, amounting together to the Suit. of Nine hundred Eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, just and reasonable to be allowed unto him for the Services aforesaid. These are therefore to authorize and direct you, to whom it

may appertain, in making up and passing the Accounts of the said Cashier, to give Allowances thereupon of the said several Sums specified in your said Report, amounting to the said Sum of Nine hundred Eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence.

And this shall be, as well to you as to all other His Majesty’s Officers and Ministers herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant

North,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

the 5th Day of December 1781. R. Sutton.

To our very good Lords, Lewis Lord Sondes and I^ord Viscount stuart, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprefts.

Peter Burrell, Esquire, Cashier of the S° Sea Company, for Three Years, ended 5th Janury 1781.

True Copies,

P. Deare.

N* 20.

s

After our hearty Commendations: By virtue of Act

6 Geo. I. 23% 240 Geo. II. 2°, 120, 140, 15* Geo. IIP whereby the increased Principal or Joint Stock of Merchants trading to the South Seas, is reduced to 24,065,084/. 13. 11$.; and the Annuity or Yearly Interest payable in respect thereof, is reduced to 721,952/. 10. 9.; and the Whole of the Yearly Allowance payable to them for Charges of Management, is reduced to 14,022 /. 3. 2.: These are to pray and require your Grace to draw an Order for paying unto the South Sea Company, or to their Chief Cashier, for their Use, the said Sum of Seven hundred Twenty-one thousand Nine hundred Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence, for the Annuity becoming due and payable to the said Company, within and for the Year commencing 5U1 January 1782 exclusive, and ending the 5th Day of January 1783 inclusive, on the said Capital Stock remaining over and above Four Millions assigned to the Bank of England; and 8,776,893 /. 11. 7. paid off by the Authority of Parliament: And the said Order is likewise to contain Payment of the said Sum of Fourteen thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence to the said South Sea Company, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities within the same Year; and let the said Order be fctis-fied by Weekly or other Payments out of the Monies arisen, or to arise, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the particular Duties, Revenues, Funds, or other Provisions appropriated for that Use, in such Proportions as, by a Computation or Adjustment made, is charged and allowed; so as by such Weekly or other Payments the Sum payable within the respective Quarters be not exceeded: For which this shall be your Grace’s Warrant.

North,

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, Palmerston,

January 8th 1782. J. Buller.

To our very good Lord Henry Duke of Netccaslle, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

South Sea Company.

X. 21.

N* 21.

r To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

Co

%o

Ay ACCOUNT of nil the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, handing out on the 5th of July 1783, with the Annual Interest and other Charges payable for the fame; distinguishing the Interest from the Charges.

6

cq"

H-

n’

CD

CL

cr

o

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company ——

I)*--- for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed -

D* - - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills, made out for Interest of old Bills ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by Act 5 3*" being the original Sum contributed

Note. — The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, &c. being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account; nor the 1,000,000l. charged on the 6d. per Lib. on Pensions; nor the 2,000,000l. raised by virtue of the Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply A* 1781, charged on the Supplies A* 1784; nor the 1,000,000l. borrowed A* 1782, charged on the Supplies A* 1783; nor the 500,000l. Part of 1,900,000l. borrowed A* 1782, and charged on the Supplies A* 1783; nor 795,000l. Part of £,000,000l. borrowed A* 1783, and charged on the Supplies 1784.

Principal Debt. Annual Interest. Management, and other Charges payable for the fame.

£,. s. d. d. £. s. d.

1,836,275 17 10 i 131,203 12 8 5,250

15,442 17 1 i 1,081

67,255 8 2 2,200 18,000 — — 8,207 12 —

540

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* IVtili. 3*" R‘, and Two other Acts, 6* et 9* Anna R*} at 3 /. per Cent per Annum - -

Annuities at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, A* 1744, charged on the Surplus of the add1 Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters ——

3,200,000------96,000-----

1,000,000------30,000-----

1,285 H 4 401 15 8

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their original Fund, at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, from lftAuguft 1743 ——

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, by Act 3"' Geoii l1 R‘ -

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the Funds, for the Lottery A* 1714 -

g D# - - - at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duty on Coals, since Lady Day 1719 -

E. D* — - at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day*

8 !74<5 -....

3.200.000 -

500,000-----

4,000,000-----

1.250.000 -

1.750.000 -

100.000 -

15,000-----

120.000 ---- I

37.500 -

52.500 -

986,800-----

29,604-----

1,898 3 5

00

o

24 Geo. III. 5T Decemlris.

Principal Debt

Annuities at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 25* 28*, 29*, 31®, 32®, £

33° G" 2* R\ and i'everal subsequent Acts.....- 71,401,696 5 1 i

D" - - - at 3 per Ceut per Annum, charged on the Duty on Tobacco, SnufiJ and Brandy, and several

other Duties, by the Act 22® Gto? tertii It’ - ---- - 13,500,000 _ —

D® - - - at 3 per Cent per Annum, charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the Act

31® Geo. 2il R>, and the Duty on Houses and Windows, by the Act 6® Gt<P 3"* R', consolidated by the AS. 22® Geo. 3 >u R' - 4> 5 00,000 — —

D® - - - at 3 per Cent, per Annum, by Acts 23 Get/3"' R' ----- - 12,000,000_______

D® - - - at 3 per Cent, per Annum, consolidated by several Acts of 25® GW 2" R, and 5 and 21 GW3*" R, and charged on the Sinking Fund ——

D® - - - at per Cent, per Annum, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777, charged on the Sinking Fund - 5,000,000---

D® - - - at per Cent, per Annum, for 7J Years, from 5th January 1780, charged on the Duty on

Malt, and several other Duties, by the Act 20 Geou tertii R‘ - -12,000,000 — —

D® - - - at per Cent, per Annum, on 3,000,0001, further add1 Capital, granted to the Subscribers of

12.000. 000l. for the Service of the Year 1781, by Act 21* Geo. tertii R‘ ----- 3,000,000-----

D® - - - at per Cent, per Annum, on 6,750,000l. further add1 Capital, granted to the Subscribers of

13,500,000l. for the Service of the Year 1782, by Act 22 Geo. 3m R - - - 6,750,000 — —

D° - - - at per Cent, per Annum, on 3,000,000 /. further add1 Capital, granted to the Subscribers of

12.000. 000l. for the Service of the Year 1783, by Acts 23 Geoa 3'" R - - - - 3,000,000-----

3.

101,40-1,696 5

37,340,073 16

it

4

39,750,000 -

Annual Interest.

J0* $ d%

3,042,050 17 0 1,120,202 4 3

1,190,000 -

Management and

other Charges payable for the fame.

3. d.

50,132 13 7 21,003 15 gi

15,046 17 6

MEMORANDUM. — The Subscribers of 100l. to the Lottery, A® 1745, were allowed an Annuity, for One Life, of 9 a Ticket, which amounted to 22,500l.; but is now reduced, by lives fallen in, to 12,984/. 15$.; and the Subscribers of 100l. to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity, for One Life, of 18 s. a Ticket, which amounted to the Sum of 45,000l.; but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 23,965/. 10s.: and the Subscribers of 100l. to the 3 perCent. Annuities, A® 1757, were allowed an Annuity, for One Life, of 1/. 23. which amounted to the Sum of 33,750/.; but is now reduced, by Lives falien in, to 26,009/.: and the Subscribers of 100l. to the 3 per Cent. Annuities, A* 1761, Were allowed an Annuity, for 99 Years, of 1 /. 2 s.6d. amounting, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to 130,053/. 10$. 3 d.: and the Subscribers of 12,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity, for 98 Years, of 1/. per Cent, which, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amounted to 121,687/. 10 which Annuities of 99 and 98 Years were consolidated by Act 40 3tU and the Subscribers of 5,000,000 /. for the Service of the Year 1777, were allowed an Annuity of ios. for every 100l. contributed, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777; which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to 25,351/. 11 5. 3d.: and the Subscribers of 6,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1778, were allowed an Annuity of 2/. 10 s. for every 100l. contributed, for 30 Years, from 5th January 1778, or for Life, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to 152,069/. 6s.: Part of which Sum hath been by the Subscribers exchanged for Life Annuities, amounting to the Sum of 2,849/. 13 d.;but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 2,819/. 13: and the Subscribers of 7,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1779, weft allowed an Annuity of 3/. 15 * for every

00

o

o\

N«

00

tool, contributed, for 29 Years, from 5^ January 1779* or Cor Life; which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to *6t», 116/. 12 s.id.; Bart of which Sum hath been by the Subscribers exchanged for life Annuities, <5 amounting to the Sum of 5,318/. i8f. 7 d.;but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to 5,276/. 185. 7 and the Subscriliers r of 12,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1780, were allowed an Annuity of 1/. 165. 34/. for every too/, contributed,

ia for 80 Years, from 5th January 1780; which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum

IP of 220,558 /. ii«. io{</.; and the Subscribers of 13,500,000l. for the Service of the Year 1782, were allowed an Annuity of 175. 6d. for every 100l. contributed, for 78 Years, from 5th January 1782; which amounted, with Charges of Managment to the Bank of England, to the Sum of 118,784/. 25. 7 d.:and the Subscribers of 12,000,000l. for the Service of the Year 1783, were allowed an Annuity of 135. 4 d.for every 100 Lcontributed, for 77 Years, from 5th January 1783; which amounted to 80,000 /.; All which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the National Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same ——

1,164,262 5 —

o

w

14,248 4 it

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9 Geo. l*1 71*

Annuities at 3 per Cent, per Annum, A* 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

MEMORANDUM. — No Managem* is charged in this Acco* upon 12,000,000 /. borrowed for the Service of the Year 1783; nor upon the 3,000,000l. add1 Capital upon the said Sums nor upon the 80,000 Z. per Annum granted for 77 Years; not being allowed by the Lords of the Treasury.

Exchequer, the 23d Day of October 1783.

John Hughton.

o

cq'

N

CD

Q.

06

1 f

S S - a. !» S &

I'Uventh Ki*port on l'ublic Accounts.

80s

5° Decembris.

A. 1783.

N* 22.

An ACCOUNTof the Capital, Annual Interest, and Charges for Management, of the several Annuities funded at the Bank of England, including the Loan for the Year 1783.

3/. pr C" 1726 -3/. p' C" ConfoP

b#....

Long Ann*, at 2.5 Years Purchase, gives -

ConfoP Ann* for 28 Years D° -Reduced Ann* ConfoP - -

4 p' Cu ConfoP 1780 - - -Short Ann* 1777, at 25 Years Purchase, gives

Bank Stock - -

Capital. Interest-

£. s. d. £. s. d.

1,000,000 30,000

769,235 9 3i 23,077 1 3

100,632,460 15 3,018,973 16 6

16,596,875 — 663,875

10,108,285 1° 6 404,331 8 5

37,340,073 16 4 1,120,20a 4 3

29,750,oooo 1,190,000

625,000 25,000

196,821,930 11 ii$ 6,475,459 10 5

11,686,800 350,604 ,

208,508,730 11 n$ 6,826,063 10 5

Management.

£. s. d.

11, per Ann. 360

D* 276 18 6

10 5. per Ann. 56,605 15 —

D* 9,335 14 U

D* 5,685 18 2

D* 21,003 15 9*

D* 16,734 7 6

D* 35i 11 3

£. s. d.

foriginal Fund, 4,000 -

! From South Sea

Company - 1,898 3 5

no,354

11

5,89* 3 5

Bank of England, August 22d, 1783.

A. Newland.

N* 23.

The TOTAL SUMS paid to the Auditors of the Imprest by the Bank of England, for Fees on passing the

Bank Accounts, since the ill of January 1776 to the present Time.

1776. June 26th. For examining Warrants, &c. paid in the Year 1774-

1777. June 17th

1778. May 29th. 1779- May 3d. 1780. July 7th.

1782. Feb'' 6th. 06to' 8th.

1783. May 23d.

Bank of England, August 5th, 1783-

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

1775-

- 1776-

- 1777-

- 1778-

- 1779-

- 1780 -

- 1781 -

£ i- £

8,860 12 2

- 8,840 15 —

- 8,768 10 11

9,334 15 11

- 9,648 6 6

- 12,044 13 6

- 13,030 17 6

14,833 7 4

£ 85,361 18 10

A. Netoland.

N* 24.

5 ° Decembris*

809

24*Geo. III.

N* 24.

A COP V of the Account of the Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprest, and other Officers, annexed to the In ft Memorial presented by Abraham Nexcland, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, to the Treasury,

for the Rcimbnrfement of such Fees.

178 2. October loth. To Cash paid Mr. Heart for the several 'Offices under mentioned, on*]

patlinjr the Account of Bank Annuities for 2 Years, to the 5th July J 779 i viz-

At the Chancellor’s of the Exchequer, 5 /. 11#. at the \ Treasury, 5/. 17 j.; King’s Remembrancer 5/. 5 I Treasurer’s Remembrancer, 4/. 5$.; Gratuity and In- cidents, 2I. 2 s. -

To D* — D® and Mr. Bray, on passing Accounts of Contributions to Ann* and Lottery 1780 and 1781, at 10/. 19$. 6d. each nth. To 1)® — P. Sykes, for Fees to the Pipe Office, on passing the Account "|

of Abraham Nisland, Receiver of the Contributions to Ann* and Lottery 1781 - I

Clerk of the Pipe, Secondary, and his Clerks, 75.: For 497 Tallies, at 1 s. 6d. each, 37/. 5 s. 6d.: Stamps, 3 s.: Bag-man, 5j.: Gratuity 1/. u. - - - J

1783. January 21ft. To D® — D® for Fees at the Pipe Office, for obtaining the Quietus for the 2 Years Account, from 5th July 1777 to 5th July 1779 -

May 23d. To Cash for Fees paid to John Viscount , and Lewis Lord

Sondes, Auditors of the Imprest, for examining and ingrafting the Account of Dividend Warrants paid on the several Annuities undermentioned, after the Rate of 100l. per Annum for each Million Principal; viz.

3 per Cent. 1726. A Year, from 5th July 1780 to 5th s. d. f s. d.

July 1781 - - - on 1,000,000------100----

3 I per Cent. 17.38. D® - - - D® - - to D® — 4,500,000----

3 per Cent. Coniold I)® - - - D® - - to D* — 53,401,696 5 11

D® - - 6 Months, from 5th January

1781 - - - toD® — 8,7>5,750 -

Long Ann’ - - D®, — from 5th January 1780 to 5th

July 1780 - - - - 12,734,156 5

L* - A Year, from 5th July 1780 to 5th

July 1781 - - - -11,643,750-----

ConfolJ Ann’ for 28

Years - - D® - - - D® - - to D® — 10,108,285 10 6

4 per Cent. Confold D* from 5th April 1780 to 5th April

1781 ..... 18,986,300-----

Reduced Ami* - D® - - - D® - - to D® — 18,353,773 *6 4 4 pci Cent. Cons'*

450-----

5,340 3 4

435 15 1 9

136 14 2

1,164 7 6

1,010 16 6

I, 898 12 7

J, 835 7 6

17S0

D® -

D*

toD® — 17,000,000-----

1,700-----

4 |x.r Cent. 1781 - 3 Months, from 5th January 1781 to

D* ----- 3,000,000 — — 75-----

M:ott Ann* 1777 - A Year, from 5th April 1780 to D® — 625,000--------62 10 —

For examining the Contribution Ac-

£. s. d.

23-----

21 19 —

113 H 6

150-----

308 13 6

count of Annuities and Lottery 1781, at 50 /. per Million, on

12,480,000-----

624

14,833 7 4

15,142 — 10

Bank of England,

August 5th 1783. . A. Newland.

. Vo t. ST

9 U N® 25.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

5° Decembris

Eleventh Report on Public Account*.

8ro

A. 17*8 3.

N* 25.

The Total Amount of the FEES that the Auditors of the Imprest will receive; and likewise what they will he entitled to for examining the Bank Accounts of Annuity Warrants, &c. paid in the following Years:

In i}82 -1/8.3 -i?8'4 -

Will receive. Will be entitled to.

£ s. d. s. d.

- 17.058 6 9 17,179 19,306 15 6

- 19,213 17 5 3 8

- 20,360 2 11 19,682 3 8

"The Sum of 19,682/. 3 s. 8 d. they will be entitled to receive in each succeeding Year, supposing no Addition or Diminution of the Annuities should take place.

N. B. In the above Sum of 17,058/. 6 s. 9 d.there is included 464/. 45. 3d. belonging to the Fees for the Year 1781.

The lotal Amount of the Annual Allowances for Management of the different Annuities at the Bank of England, for the Year 1784, and for each fucceding Year, supposing no Addition or Diminution of the said Annuities should take place, will be if0,354/. os. ud.

August 19th* 1783.

A. Newla

N° 26.

The Examination of Mr. William Edwards, Deputy Accountant to the Bank of England; taken upon Oath, 14th, 19th, and 21st November 1783.

This Examinant faith, When the ’’Transfer Books of any Capital Stock are shut for the Payment of the Dividend, the Share of each Proprietor in that Capital is taken out from his Account in the Ledger, and entered upon a Slip opposite his Name. When all the Shares are thus extracted, they are call up, to see that the Total of them agrees with the Total of the Capital: These Shares are then infected in Blank Warrants; so that the Total in the Warrants is the Amount of the Capital. The Warrants are then examined with the Slips; the Number of Accounts upon the Slips having been call up, the Warrants arte told over, to see that the Number of them corresponds with the Number of the Accounts. The Warrants being lotted, and ranged in alphabetical Order, according to the Quantity of the Stock, are inserted in the same Order in Dividend Books, with the Folio of the Account in the Ledger, and the Name of the Proprietor: Thfefe Books are cast up, to see that the Total of them agrees with the Total of the Capital. The Entries in the Dividend Books are then numbered, beginning wkh the First Name in Letter A, N* 1, and ending in the last Name in Letter Z; which Number is the Number Of the 'Proprietors of that Fund. The Share of the Interdft is then entered in the Dividend Book, opposite the Share of the Capital; the Amount of both the Capital and Interest, in each Side of the Dividend Book, is cast up; and the Total of the Interest calculated upon the Total of the Capital. The Number in the Dividend Book is then entered upon the correspondent Warrant

The Interest is inserted from the Dividend Book, in the Margin of the Warrant, in Figures, and in the Body in Words at Length; the Agreement between the Figures and the Words is examined by a Clerk, who signs his Initials: a Duplicate of the Dividend Book is then made, and the Entries cast up. The Dividend

Book, the Duplicate, and the Warrants, are then examined and compared together, by Three Clerks, to see that they correspond; and the Articles in the Duplicate are marked off as they are examined: after which the Duplicate is deposited in a Place of Security, and the Warrants are signed by Clerks appointed by the Bank for that Purpose, and returned back to the Office where the Capital is transa&ed, where they are told over, and there deposited until applied for by the Proprietors. The Person who receives the Dividend, writes his Name in the Dividend Book, opposite the Name of the Proprietor; and signs the Receipt at the Bottom of the Warrant, which is witnessed by the Clerk who delivers it: the Teller who pays it draws his Pen across it, and enters it in a Book: after which it is sent to the Dividend Warrant Office, in the Department of the Cashier, where it is defaced by a Hole punched through it, and entered in a Cash Book: from thence it goes to the Check Office, in the Department of the Accountant where it is posted in the Check Ledger as paid. These paid Warrants are ranged in a numerical Order in this Office, and transmitted to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. A Lift of the unpaid Warrants is made out in the Annuity Office; the Amount of which, being added to the Amount of the Payments Collected from ffie Entries in the Books in the Check Office, makes the Amount of the Half Year’s Interest: and these Sums are afterwards agreed with the Accountant and Cashier. . The Warrants for the Payment of the Dividends upon the Bank Stock are in the like Form, and undergo the like Examination and Check: they are not sent to the Auditor, but remain in the Bank.

W. Edwards.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neaoe,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

W" Roe.

N* 27.

24 Geo. Ill

5° Decembris.

8n

N* 27.

Eleventh Report on Public

Treasury Office, S» Sea House, 14th November 1783.

Gent.

In Obedience to your RequiAtion of the 12th Instant, I herewith transmit an Account of the Totals of the Capitals of the South Sea Stock, and of the Old and New South Sea Annuities, and of the Annual Interest issued from the Exchequer for the Payment of the said Stock and Annuities respectively j viz.

Total of the South Sea Stock -Old South Sea Annuities -New South Sea Annuities

Total of the Old Capital -

Annual Interest received on the above Allowed for Management

IIM* Commissioners of Accounts.

£. s. d.

- 3,662,784 8 6

- 11,907,470 2 7

- 8,494,830 2 10

£. 24,065,084 13 11

721,952 10 9 14,022 3 2

Total Annual Receipt - - 735,974 13 11

I am, Gent

Your most obedient,

and very humble Servant,

P. Burrell.

Annual Interest paid by Government to the S* S. Company, on their Capital Stock, a 3 per Cent -

On Old Sj S. Annuities, aD* -

On New S. S. Annuities, aD* -

£. s. d. pu. 109,883 10 7 86 357,224 2 — 93 254,844 18 1 2

£. 721,952 10 9 81

N* 28.

Copy of Lord Viscount Mountstuart's Patent, as One of the Auditors of the Imprelts.

George the Third, by the Grace of God, <§r. Now know ye, That We, for divers good Causes and Considerations Us hereunto especially moving, of Our efjK'cial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do give and grant unto Our trusty and well beloved John Stewart, Esquire, commonly called Lord Mount Stewart, eldest Sou of Our right trusty and right well beloved Coufm and Counsellor John Earl of Bute, the Office of One of the Two Auditors of the Preft or Imprest and Foreign Accounts of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and him, the said John Stewart, One of the Two Auditors of the Prest or

Imprest and Foreign Accounts of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, make, ordain, nominate, con-fiitute, and create: And we do give, and by these Presents for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do grant unto the said John Stewart, full Power and Authority of auditing and determining, by and with the Advice, Authority, and Consent of the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer of Us, Vol. 39-

Our Heirs, and Successors, for the Time being, all and Angular Accompts, and Views of Accompts, of the Clerks and Surveyors of the Works of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England aDd Wales, and the Marches of the fame; and also of the Treasurer or Pay-master of the Navy of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and of the Mailer of the Ordnance of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and of all and Angular Persons what-ioever, being accountable for any Sums of Money received, or hereafter to be received, by the Name of Imprest, Anom Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, or from any other Person or Persons from Us, or in the Name of Us, Our Heirs, ;and Successors, applied, laid out, or expended, or to be applied, laid out, or expended, from Time to Time, in or about the Affairs of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, or for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and also of the Clerk or Keeper of the Hanaper of the Chancery of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and also of the Keeper of the Great Wardrobe of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; and also the Accounts of the Office of the Chief Butler of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, or of the Occupier of the same Office, in whatsoever Parts, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, called England: And moreover, of Our more ample especial Grace, and of Our certain Knowledge and mere Motion, We have given and granted, and by these Presents for Us, Our Heirs,

and

Eleventh Report °n Public Account*,

812 5° Decembri. .: 1783.

and SncccITbrs, do give and grant unto the said John St mart, the Oflice of One of the Two Auditors, of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, of the First Fruits and Tenths, growing and accruing by reason of all and singular Lordships, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Post'essions, Hereditaments, Emoluments, and Profits, as well Spiritual as Temporal, of whatsoever Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, Colleges, and Cathedral and Collegiate Churches; and also of Deaneries, Archdeaconries, and Prebends, Rectories, Vicarages, and other Benefices, Dignities, and Spiritual Promotions, of whatsoever Name, Nature, or Quality they may be; within whatsoever Diocese or Dioceses in England, Wales, and the Marches of the fatne aforesaid; for the more ample Augmentation and Support of the State and Dignity of the Crown of the Lady Elizabeth, heretofore Queen of England, her Heirs and Successors, by Authority of Parliament, then lately assigned, appointed, united and annexed, to remain for ever to the same Queen, her Heirs, and Successors: and him the said John Stewart, One of the said Two Auditors of Us, Our

Heirs, and Successors, of the First Fruits and Tenths for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, We do make, ordain, constitute, and create by these Presents: We have also granted, and by these Presents for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, do grant, to the said John Steuart, the Office of One of the Two Auditors of the Collectors of the Impositions and Customs, and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Subsidies whatsoever heretofore granted, or hereafter to be granted by Act of Parliament: And him the said John Stewart, One of the Two Auditors of the Collectors of the Impositions, Customs, Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Subsidies whatsoever of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, so as aforesaid granted and to be granted for us, Our Heirs, and Successors, We do make, ordain, constitute, and create by these Presents: And We do give, and for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do grant, to the said John Stewart, full Power and Authority, by and with the Advice, Authority, and Content of the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, for the Time being, of determining all and singular Accounts, and Views of Accounts, of Collectors of the Impositions, Customs, Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Subsidies whatsoever, of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, as they now are, or heretofore have been taken by the Auditors of the Imprest, or either of them; to have, enjoy, exercise, and occupy the Office and Offices aforesaid, and the Powers and Authorities, and other the Preiniles aforesaid, unto the said John Stewart, by himself or his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, from and immediately after the Death of either of them, the said William Aislabie and Lewis Lord Sondes, or the Surrender, Forfeiture, Avoidance, or other Determination of either of the Grants so made of the said Offices to them respectively, which shall first happen, during the good Behaviour of him the said John Stewart, in the said Offices, together with all and all Manner of Authorities, Pre-eminences, Profits, Rewards, Diets, Fees, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever to the same Offices, or any or either of them, howsoever belonging or appertaining, as fully, freely, and entirely, and in as ample Manner and Form, as the said William or Lewis Lord

Sondes, or any other Person or Persons having or exercising the Offices and Premises aforesaid, hath or have had, held, or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, or enjoyed, in and for the Exercise and Occupation of those Offices, or any or either of them. And further, of Our more abundant especial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, We have given and granted, and by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs,

and Successors, do give and grant, unto the said John Stewart, for the Exercise of the Offices aforesaid, an Annuity, or Annual Fee of One hundred Marks, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to have, enjoy, and Yearly to receive, the said Annuity, or Annual Fee, of One hundred Marks, unto the said John Stewart, and his Assigns, from and immediately after such Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, Avoidance, or other Determination as aforesaid, during his good Behaviour in the same Offices, out of the Treasure of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, by the Hands of the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury and Chamberlains, of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, for the Time being, to be paid at the Fealts of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and of Michael the Archangel, by equal Portions every Year: Know ye further, that We, of Our more abundant especial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do give and grant, unto the said John Stewart, the Office of One of the Auditors of the Exchange, and of the Mint and Coinage of Gold and Silver Coin, and Bullion, as well within the Tower of London, as elsewhere, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England aforesaid; and of all other Accounts heretofore usually audited by the said William Aislabie or Laois Lord Sondes, or former or other Auditors of the Imprefts, and of all and Angular the Officers and Ministers of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, accountable for the Premises, or any of them, by whatsoever Names they may be called: And We do give, and by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do grant unto the said John Power

and Authority to audit and determine all and Angular Accounts, and Views of Accounts, of all and singular Officers and Ministers of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, of and for the Exchange, Mint, and Coinage of Gold and Silver, as well within Our Tower of London as elsewhere, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England aforesaid; and of all other Accounts, as aforesaid, of and for any Cause or Caules touching or concerning the said Exchange, Mint, and Coinage, or other Accounts as aforesaid: And him, the said John Stczcart, One of the said Auditors of the Exchange, and of the Mint and Coinage of Gold and Silver Coin, and Bullion, and other Accounts, as aforesaid, of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, We do by these Presents name, make, constitute, and create, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, to have, enjoy, occupy, and exercise the Office aforesaid-; and the Power and Authority aforesaid last mentioned, unto the said John Steioart, by himself or his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, from and immediately after such Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, Avoidance, or other Determination as aforesaid, during his good Behaviour in the Oflice aforesaid.; together with all and all Manner of Authorities, Preeminences, Privileges, Rewards, Fees, Diets, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the same Office last mentioned in any Manner belonging or appertaining, as fully, freely, and entirely, and in as ample Manner and Form, as the said William Aislabie, or Lewis Lord Sondes, or any other Person or Persons having or exercising the same Office last mentioned, hath or have had, held, or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, or enjoyed, in and for the Exercise and Occupation of the said Office last mentioned: Commanding also, and for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, ftrifitly enjoining and directing all and Angular Officers and Ministers, and the liege Subjects of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors whailu-ever, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England aforesaid, That they be from Time to Time obedient, aiding, and assisting to the

Lid

44 Geo. III. . 5° Decembris.

laid John Stacart, and his Deputy and Deputies, in

the Execution of the Offices aforesaid, and every of them, in all Things as hecometh: Saving nevertheless, and We will that the said John Stexcar do not in any Manner proceed to determine any Accounts, or Views of Accounts, of any Officers accountable for or concerning the Exchange, \Jint, or Coinage of Gold or Silver Coin, or Bullion, without the Consent and Advice of the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, of Us, Our Heirs, and Succefi’ors, for the Time being, first being had and obtained: And moreover. We will, and by these Presents for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do grant to the said John St mart, that these Our Letters Patent, or the Inrolhnent thereof, shall be, in and by all Things, good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law, towards and agaiiili Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, as well in all Our Courts as elsewhere, within that Part of Our Kingdom ol Great Britain called England aforesaid, the Dominion of /Tales, and the Marches thereof, without any Confirmation, Licences, or Tolerations in any Manner hereafter to be procured or obtained from Us, Our Heirs, and Successors; notwithstanding the ill reciting, or the not fully or not truly reciting, the said several former Letters Patent, or the Dates thereof, and notwithstanding the ill naming, or not rightly naming, or not naming the aforesaid Offices, Powers, Fees, and other the Premises above by these Presents before granted, or mentioned to be granted, or any or either of them, or uny other Omission, Imperfection, Deleft, Matter, Caule, or Thing whatsoever, in anywise not-witliltanding.

In Witness w hereof. We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourlelf, at Westminster, the Twenty-seventh Day of April, in the Third Year of Our Reign.

By Writ of Privy Seal.

Auditors Office, Scotland Yard, Cocks.

28th June 1782. A true Copy.

Phil.

Chat Harris.

N* 29.

The Examination of John Esquire, Clerk of the Debentures, in the Office of the Auditor of the'Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; taken upon Oath, the 31st of October, and 18th and 21st of November, 1783.

This Examinant faith, That in the Account of the Public Debts at the Receipt of the Exchequer, transmitted to this Board from the Auditor, the First Article stated in the Column of Principal Debts, being One Million Eight hundred Thirty-six thousand Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, does, as lie believes, consist of the Money subscribed into the Exchequer by the Purchasers of Annuities for Years, which were not subscribed into the South Sea Company: lTpon the Expiration of the

Annuities, this Principal Debt expires with them. The Second Article, which is on Annuity with Survivorship, is expired since the 5th of July last, by the Death of the last Nominee. The Annuities for Two and Three Lives stated in the Third Article, were first granted in the Year* 11>94; the last Additions made to them were by an Act of Parliament in the Year 1702: To entitle the Nominee, or his Assignee, to the Payment of One of these Annuities, a Certificate must be produced at the Exchequer, that the Nominee is living; his Name is continued in the Posting Book, which contains the Names of all who are supposed to be alive, until a Certificate is produced of the Death; when the Day of the Death is entered opposite to his Name, and the Certificate filed. The last Death that was certified, was a Death upon the 14th October 1781; the last Life that was certified, was upon the 5U1 January 1781.

It appears from the Polling Book, that the Number of Orders therein remaining, as of Lives at present existing, is Four hundred Forty; the original Number was One thousand Seven hundred and One: The Sums inserted, as the Principal Debts, in these Two last Articles, and in the Fifth Article, of Eighteen thousand Pounds, are also, as he believes, the Purchase Money of the several Annuities let opposite to them in the next Column, and expire with those Annuities. The Fourth Article, being Exchequer Bills made out for Two thousand Two hundred Pounds, has been inserted as a Public Debt ever since the Year 1727; but it does not appear that any such Bills were ever made out, or any Demand made for them upon the Exchequer: The Bills, upon which this Interest is supposed to be due, appear to have been cancelled in the Year 1727; and the Interest became due in the Year 1719. The Sum of Five thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, for the Charges of Management of the First Article, is paid, pursuant to Treasury Warrants, to the Auditor, the Clerk of the Pells, and the Tellers.

The One Million of the Year 1726 has never been inserted amongst the Public Debts at the Exchequer, because the Public received no Money for it; it was given to the King to defray the Debts upon the Civil List. A Fund was created for the Payment of the Interest; and the Surplus of that Fund was reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and is now appropriated as a collateral Fund to pay certain Salaries.

The Three hundred and Sixty Pounds a Year, allowed the Bank for the Charges of Management of these Annuities, is not inserted in the Column under the Title of Management and other Charges; it is paid out of the same Fund with the Annuities.

John Hughson,

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neave,

Samf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will Roe.

Vo L..09.

oX

30.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts;

An ACCOUNT of Annuities at the Exchequer, for long Terms,

Annuities granted 4th Will 8$ Mar,

Ditto - - - 5th 8s Mary,

Ditto - - - 2d Anna, -

Ditto - - - 4th Anna, -

Ditto - - - 5th , -

Ditto - - - 6 Anna, -

Ditto - - - 6 Anna, -

for 99 Years, from 25th January 1692 for 96 Years, from 29th Septem' 1694 for 99 Years, from Lady Day 1704 -

for 99 Years, from Lady Day 1706 -

for 99 Years, from Lady Day 1707

for 99 Years, from Lady Day 1708 -

for 99 Years, from 24th June 1708 -

Exchequer, the 31st of October 1783

00

t — I

4»

n 3 s' D -s"5 ?

£§-53 5 ? S’

N* 30.

being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed, and feribed to the South Sea Company.

Time Unexpired. Time when Annuities Expire. Principal Debt. Annual Interest. Management,

7* Years, 25th 0 1783 5th Febr 1791 JS da 582,437 10 1* £. s. 48,51.5 2 6 £. ». d. 1,200 — —

7 Years, Mich’ 1783 10 06tr 1790 - 74,174 9 — 6,365 12 — 150

20 Years, Lady Day 1783 Lady Day 1803 456,530 30,400 6 8 i,430

22 Years, Lady Day 1783 Lady Day 1805 360,445 18 9 23,254 11 6 1,470

23 Years, Lady Day 1783 Lady Day 1806 124,424 7,776 10 — 375 12 2

24 Years, Lady Day 1783 Lady Day 1807 75,368 4,710 10 — 10 O OO 10 M

24 Years, MidP 1783 MidP 1807 - 162,896 10,181 416 5 3

1,836,275 17 io* 131,203 12 8 5,250

John IJughson.

A

s|

OO

v»

5* Queembris.

54 Geo. III. 5° Decembris 815

N* 31.

Aw ACCOUNT of Life Annuities (landing out at the Exchequer, on the 5th of July 1783.

Eleventh Report on Public Account*

Original Annuity. Fallen in Standing out

5th July 1783.

Jl..s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Annuities, A* 1745 22,500 9,515 5 — 12,984 15 —

Annuities, A* 1746 ---- 45,000 21,034 10 — *3,965 10 —

Annuities, A* 1757 - - - - 33.750 NJ ^1 £ 1 1 26,009

Annuities, A* 1778 - - - - - 2,849 — 30 2,819 13 —

Annuities, A* 1779 - - - - -.- 5,3i8 18 7 42 5,276 18 7

£ 109,418 11 7 38,362 15 — 71,055 16 7

Exchequer, the 31st Day of October 1783.

John Hug

T

W

N* 3a.

Aw ACCOUNT of Long and Short Annuities, payable at the Bank of England.

Annuities Anno 1761, for 99 Years, from 5th January Annuities, Anno 1762, for 98 Years, from D# -

Annuities, Anno 1777, for 10 Years, from 5th April

Annuities, Anno 1778, for 30 Years, from 5th January Annuities, Anno 1779, for 29 Years, from D* -

Annuities, Anno 1780, for 80 Years, from D* -

Annuities, Anno 1782, for 78 Years, from D* - .-

Annuities, Anno 1783, for 77 Years, from D* -

Exchequer, the 31st Day of October 1783.

Time when Annuities Expire. Annual InUreft. Charges of Management

£. s. d. £ s. d.

1761 r A*1860 128,250 1,803 10 3

1762 - D° 120,000 1,687 i° —

1777 - A* 1787 25,000 351 11 3

1778 - A*1808 !47>l5o 7 — 2,069 6 —

1779 D* 262,500 3,616 12 2

1780 - A*1860 217,500 3,058 11 10*

M V| 00 10 1 A*1860 118,125 1,661 2 7

1783 - A*1860 80,000 —

i>°98,525 7 __ 14,948 4 if

John Hughson.

Vol. 39.

N° 33-

► 8 »*t1

O " l» E*

If- 5

N* 33.

00

Os

Am ACCOUNT of the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

o

o

o

FT

ANNUITIES At the Bank of England:

REDEEMABLE:

Bank Stock -Annuities of the Year 1726

3 /. per Cent, consolidated -Reduced 3 /. per Cent consolidated

4 /. per Cent. -

Total at the Bank of England

At the South Sea House;

South Sea Stock -

Old South Sea Annuities New South Sea Annuities -Annuities of the Year 1751

Total at the South Sea House

At the India House: East India Stock

Total Annuities redeemable

Principal Debt

s.

11,686,800----

1,000,000-----

101,401,696 5 1*

37,340,073 16 4

29,750,000-----

3,662,784 ' 8 6 11,907,470 2 7 8,494,830 2 10

1,919,600-----1

Total#

of

Principal Debt.

s. d.

181,178,570 1

25,984,684 13 ni

4,200,000----

211,363,254 15 4!

Annual Interest.

t.

354,604-----

30,000----1

3,042,050 17 1,120,202 4 3 1,190,000-----

109,883 10 7 357,224 2 — 254,844 18 1

57,588 — 1

Totals

of

Annual Interest.

£. 3. d.

5,736,857 2 —

779,540 10 9

126,000 —

1

6,042,397 12

Years when the Annuities Expire.

Charges of

Management.

£. t. d. CTT a

1,898 3 5 Decetnbri

360

86,183 6 io£

15,10! 18 s

1,687 10 — *

-------- <1

105,230 is Ilf 00

4"

ized by

ANNUITIES IRREDEEMABLE:

o

Ci

to

At the Exchequer.

I'or Lives.

Granted in the Year 1702 -

in 1745, 1746, 1757, 1778>.1779 with Benefit of Survivorship, in 176;

Total for Lives at the Exchequer

For Years.

Granted in the Year 1692 in - - - 1694

in - - - 1704 in - - - 1706

in - - - 1707 in - - - 1708

Total for Years at the Exchequer

At the Bank.

For Years.

Granted in 1777, for 10 Years -

in 1778, for 30 Years; and 1779, for 29 Years in 1761, for 99 Years; in 1762, 1780, 1782, and 1783, to expire at the same Time -

Total for Years at the Bank -

g

CQ

O

o

eg.

FT

CO

8,207 12 — 7,«°55 >6 7

540 -

48,51526 6,365 12 —

30,400 6 8

23,254 11 6 7,776 10 — 14,891 10 —

211,363,254 15 4i

25,000-----

409,650 7 —

663,875-----

79,803 8 7

131,203 12 8

1,098,525 7 —

7,951,930 1 —

1791

1790

1803

1805

1806

1807

1787

1808

1860

5,250 —

134,291 13 1

o

w

o

Ol

s

s-

14,248 4

9,562 10 —

00

Charges of Management on the Loan of 1783

818

5* Decembris-

A. 1783.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

N* 34.

ACCOUNT of Fees and Gratuities paid or payable on making up and passing the Account of Abraham Newland, Esquire, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, for Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery for the Service of the Year 1782; with the Rates at which the said Fees and Gratuities are payable or allowed; viz.

Bank of England, for Management, at the Rate of 805/. 15*. 10 per £. d.

Million, on the Sum of 13,500,000l. amounts to ----- 10,878 3 9

For the Lottery, as customary ---- 1,000----

Auditor of Inmreft. for auditing and- ingrossing-firid Account, at the Rate of 50 /. per Million on the Annuities 13,500,000l. and Lottery 405,000 /.; 13,905,000l. amounts to

£ ' d.

11,878 3 9

695 5 —

Fees paid and payable on passing the Account through the Treasury and Exchequer, to

obtaining the Quietus; viz.

£. d.

At the Treasury, on Declaration - 2186

Chancellor, on D* - - - 3 6 —

King’s Remembrancer - - 2126

Treasurer’s D* - - - -.....226

Pipe Office, far the Quietus -.....1183 —

Total Fees and Gratuities on the Contribution Account, 1782 - - - £

129 2 6

12,702 11 3

Auditor of Itnpreft’s Office, Scotland Yard, ill August 1783.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Jos. Hughes

In° Wtgglesworth,

Chef Harris,

Deputies to the Right honourable Lord Sondes and Lord ^afeount Mountstuart, Auditors.

N" 35-

N* 35-

CO

O

Navy-0 ftice, ] An ACCOUN F of the Unfunded Debt, as it stood upon the ift October 1783; prepared pursuant to the l)ire6tions of the Right honourable the 10th November 1783* i Lords Coininissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, signified in Mr. Sheridans Letter of the 24th October 1783; viz.

0

cg‘

r — -h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

2

o

U

Oi

Amount of the Hills on the Course of the Navy, Transports, and Victualling, registered between ttie ift April 1781 and the 31st March 1783, remaining unpaid the lit October 1783, and currying Interest at 4/. per Cent, per Annum ——

Amount of Interest Hills registered between the ift April 1783 and the 30th September following, which had not commenced Interest on the tit October 1783, but will come upon Interest gradually, at the Expiration of Six Months from the Time of their being respectively registered ——

Total of Interest Bills -

Interest due the ill October 1783 ——

Non-Interest Hills registered between the ift April 1781 and 30th September 1783 -

Total of Interest Hills, Interest due thereon, and of Non-Interest Bills, outstanding on the ift October 1783

N. B. The Bills registered in the Months of April and May 1781 have, since the 1st October 1783, been paid off, amounting to the following Sums; viz.

Interest Bills -

Interest thereon - -

Non-Interest Bills -

Which being deducted from the above Statement -

Navy and Transports.

430,425 14 11 32,898 3 1

12,449 3 4

475,773 ' 4

Victualling.

£ * d-310,597 18 3

23,720 11 4

15,088 2 7

349,406 12 2

Total.

£ * d.

741,023 13 2

56,618 14 5 27,537 5 11

825,179 *3 6

There now remains

Navy and Trui sport Bills. Vannulling Bills. Total.

£ s. £ s. d. £ s. d.

6,675,026 4 2 3,930,630 11 — 10,605,656 15 2

1,000,946 19 — 571,615 9 — 1,572,562 8 —

7,675,973 3 2 4,502,246 12,178,219 3 2

268,893 154,639 19 11 423,532 19 "

150,662 10 4 .198,378 14 9 349,041 5 1

8,095,528 13 6 4,855,264 14 8 12,950,793 8 2

475,773 4 349,406 12 2 825,179 *3 6

7,6i9i755 12 2 4,505,858 2 6 12,125,613 14 8

00

1-4

NO

>gsw

o ® a*

2 W1 i g g-s| FF *

2 4 Geo. III. 50 Decembris.

820

5° Decembris.

A. 1783

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

N* 36.

UNFUNDED DEBT of the Office of Ordnance; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury, 24th October 1783"

State of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can at present be

ascertained; viz.

Debentures made out, and unpaid;

For Stores supplied and Services performed -

Sundry Freights ——

Gunpowder -

Small Arms -

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot and Shells -

£. s. d.

433,489 7 2 64,109 12 10

107,155 8 3 68,475 16 7 295,017 6 7

968,247 n 5

The Remainder of the Debt not ascertained by Debenture, is estimated as

follows; viz.

Hire of Store Ships - - - - 60,820 18

Due for Salt Pctre: On Account of Interest to lft October 1783, and for

Services performed, and Accounts not adjusted ----- 94,171 14

Sums estimated to be necessary to defray the Expence of sundry Heads of

Service to 31st December 1783 ----- 207,676 15

Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Fleet in the £. d.

East Indies, payable in January 1784 - 67,729 3 3

D*, of which Advice has been received, but the Bills not

yet presented ----- 20,862 13 3

--------- 88,591 16

Warrants and Orders issued for Stores, the Bills for which are not delivered in; but are supposed to amount to about ---- 64,000 —

d.

3

8

8

6

515,261 5 1

Towards the Payment of which there remains; 1,483,508 16 . 6

In the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance ----- 47,91° 14 5

Due on the Grants by Parliament - - - - 502,935 i° 8

Deduct Sums proposed to remain for the Disposition of

Parliament.....- - 51,052 19 6

--------451,882 11 2

---------- 499,793 5 7

Amount of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in 1783, and not provided for by Parliament; which Acco‘, being prepared to be laid before Parliament ——

983,715 10 11

111,634 9 6

will, if voted, reduce the Debt to

872,081

1 5

Xole. The following Debts, included in the above Account, carry an Interest of 5 /. per Cent, per Annum; viz.

Imprefts issued on Account of Debentures and Contracts

Interest due on D", from various Periods to lit October s. d.

1783.....10,945 3 7

One Third of the Amount of Debentures for Iron Ordnance to lft November 1782 -

Interest due on D°, from various Periods to lft October

1783.....1,673 5 4

Estimated to be due for Salt Pctre, on an Account not

adjusted -

Interest due on D°, from various Periods to lft October

1783, if settled as stated in this Account - - 5,243 8 2

£ s. d. 81,908 13 —

t

31,482 18 11 51,625 — —

Total Debts carrying Interest - - - - 165,016 11 11

Total Interest due on D* 17,861 17 1

lVm Nettlcshipp,

Accomptant.

N* 37-

24 Geo. III. 5 Decembri

i " f: I - .

N° 37-

ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt, as it stood on the lft of October 1783 (as far as relates to Exchequer Bills) with the Interest due on each Species, computed to the said lft of October 1783.

Principal. Interest. L \ t

Advanced by the Bank A* 1781, and charged on the Supplies A* 1784, £. s. d. j£. s. d.

at 3 per Cent, per Annum 2,000,000 109,709 13 —

Exchequer Bills, made forth for the Service of the Year 1782 (the Remainder of 1,500,000l.) and charged on the Aids of the Year 1783, at per Cent per Ann. ---- 1,000,000 73,917 16 1

Exchequer Bills, made forth for the Service of the Year 1783, at D° 1,000,000 16,807 8 5

!) - - for 1)° - - at D* 500,000 4,109 11 9

1)" — for D* at 3 d.per Cent per Diem - 599,100 2,176 8 6

£ 5,091,900 206,720 17 9

Exchequer Bill Office, G. Ritso,

November 1 ith 1783. Nath1 Barwell.

Mcm<n. The One Million of Exchequer Bills A* 1782 (the remaining Part of 1,500,000l.) the 500,000l. being discharged on the 17th of July 1783, with the Interest on the Whole 1,500,000l.; amounting in all to the Sum of 1,073,917 *6 s. 1 d.has been discharged since the lft of October 1783.

N* 38.

Cirofe Amount of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid between) _

the 31st of January and ift of October 1783, and not provided for by Parliament J 2»022'2-^* 1 * oj-

Vo L. SI).

oz

N° 30.

Eleventh Report on Public Accounts.

N* 39.

STATE of the UNFUNDED DEBT of the Nation.

Navy, Transport, and Victualling Bills, carrying Interest at 4/. per Cent. -

Paid oft fmce the 1st October -

Iflited since the lft October last, at 4/. per Cent.

Non-Interest Bills ——

Paid oft’since lft October last -

Total Navy, &c.

Ordnance Debt, carrying Interest at 5 I. per Cent.

carrying no Interest -

Total Ordnance - -

Exchequer Bills of the Year 1781, at 3/. per Cent.

1783, at 4 /. per Cent, at 3 /. per Cent

Total Exchequer Bills Extraordinaries of the Army

Debts in the above Account carrying Interest. Navy, Transport, and Victualling Bills -Ordnance, by Debentures and Eftiiuate -

Exchequer Bills -

Total carrying Interest -

Debts carrying no Interest. Navy, &c. Bills -

Ordnance -

Extraordinaries of the Army -

Principal <luc { 31st October.

__«____________

£. s. d.

! 0,603,656 15 2

741,023 13 2

349,041 5 1 27,537 5 11

Principal remaining dee.

s. d.

9,864,633 2 — 1,572,562 8 —

321,503 19 2

165,016 11 11 818,698 19 —

2,000,000-----

1,500,000 — — 591,900-----

11,437,195 10 —

165,016 11 11 4,091,900-----

321,503 19 2

818,698 19 —

2,022,826 IT 3|

Total carrying no Interest

15,694,112 1 u

3,162,429 9 5i

18,856,541 11 4i

Totals of Principul.

S. d.

Interest due

31st October-

£. s. d.

423,532 *9 n

56,618 14 5

11,758,699 9 2

983,715 10 11

4,091,900----

2,022,226 11 31

18,856,541 n 4r

- 1 i. ssasaagaagp

Inter*ft Mtmainin^ due the 31st Odoi.fi. Annual Interest.

£ $ d. £. s. d.

366,914 5 6 394.585 62,902

17,861 17 1 8,250

109,709 20,917 2,176 13 — — 2 8 6 60.000 60.000 27,005

517,579 4 3 612,742

OO

== 5?

sw

00

Pains and penalties on Kumloldj&c.

Brrn\vs-

totinness

Navigation.

5ams due #rrm the KaH India Company.

KirkW Kendall Hoad.

Trade with America,

24 Geo. III. 5" Decembris. 82$

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesdaylaft, for the House to proceed, upon Tuesday Morning next, to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas liumho/d, Baronet, and Peter Esquire,

for certain Breaches of Public Trust and High Crimes and M ifdcineanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellbrs and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Port Saint ,on the Coast of

Coromandel, in The East Indies, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sc-vennight, proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

Sir William Cum/nghame reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrous/ounness Navigable Cut or

Canal more effectually to complete and maintain the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tlx? Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Home; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ilouie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in'rolled.

O

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Si (lion of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That tive Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to contine and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act. made in the Third Year of the Reign of His prclint Mujtltv, intituled, "An Act for repairing, " widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from* " KirkhyKendall, in the County of Westmorland, to

" Kirkhy Irelcth, in the County of Lancaster," was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dyll. Sir James Lout her,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of Ills Majesty’s Order in Council, for permitting Oil, or unmanufactured Goods and Merchandizes, being the Growth or Prouu6tion of any of the Territories of the United States of America, imported directly from thence in British or American Vef-li Is, to an Entry, upon Payment of the like Duties as if imported by British Subjects in British Ships, from any of the British Islands or Plantations in America, find no other, notwithstandimj such Goods may not be accompanied with the Certificates or other Documents heretofore required by Law, dated 14th May 1783: And also,

VOL. 39.

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for permitting certain Goods therein enumerated to be imported from America by British or American Subjifls, upon Payment of the same Duties as if imported by British Subjects in British Ships, notwithstanding such Goods may not be accompanied with the Documents heretofore required by Law; also, for allowing Tobacco, the Produce of America, to be imported in like Manner, and the Duties, excepting the Old Subsidy, to be Bonded, dated 6th June 1783: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for regulating the Commerce between His Majesty’s India Islands and the Territories of the United States of America, dated 2d July 1783: And also,

N° 4. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for

permitting the Bonds taken by the direction of several Acts of Parliament, for Ships clearing out, to or from llis Majesty’s West Ind'ui Islands, to be cancelled and discharged, upon Certificate from the proper Officers of any Port or Place within the United States of America, to which such Ships shall go, dated 5th September 1783:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council for allowing the Importer of Tobacco from the United States of America into the Ports of London, 8$c. mentioned in the Order, to give Bond for Payment of the Old Subsidy, as well as of the further Duties, dated 5th November 1783: And also,

N° 6. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, directing that the Allowance for Payment of the Duties for which Bonds have been, or shall be, entered into, upon the Importation of Tobacco from the United States of America into the several Ports mentioned in His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 5th Instant, shall not be construed to extend to the making any Allowance upon Payment of the Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy; and for extending the Liberty given by the said Order to Tobacco imported into the Port of Port Glasgow, dated 19th November 1783.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of M ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order bring read accordingly;

The House was moved That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in " relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and " Packets free from the Duty of Postage, ’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an InstruQion to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to Letters and Packets, printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed News-Papers, passing by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage.

Then the House refelved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

Mr.

1

1

824 Decembris. 1783,

Mr. Ord a lib acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rtfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thoulaod Seven hundred and Eighty-three," be referred to the iiiid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills ifl'ued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 'intituled, "An Act for " railing a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Se rvice of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-three," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several liesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

Adjourn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the n.eat. House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

for retraining the Proprietors from assembling i:i a General Court but for a certain Number of Times in each Year.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause.was offered to he added to the Bill, for saying all the Rights, Property, and Privileges of the Company, except as altered by the AC1.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting the Manner of making Bye Laws by the Directors and General Courts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing an Oath of Office to be taken by the Directors and Assistant Directors.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, Thar. Mr. Speaker do ilfuc his Warrant to lledonWrie the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of in the room of Christopher Atkinson, Esquire, expelled this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lima, 8° die Decembris; Anno 24* Georgii IIItn Regis, 1783. Pra ve us.

Comnuffirm-ers lor I.alt India Ailiun.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Renelit of the Proprietors and the Public, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the the said Rill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A (lause was offered to be added to the Bill, to disable the Assistant Directors named in the Act, and such as shall be hereafter elected by the Proprietors, from being Members of the House of Commons.

And the said Clause uas Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Rill.

Another Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for inflicting a Penalty on Inch Assistant Directors fitting and voting in Parliament.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Rill, 04

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Borrows-prietors of the BorrowstounncssNavigable Cut tounmisNa-or Canal, more effectually to complete and maintain VJfewuon. the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstounness Navigable Cut or Canal, more ef-

fectually to complete and maintain the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William Cunynghame do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Trtiftees for carrying into Letr.sforJ Execution an Act of Parliament of the Third Year Mill Road*, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lems ford Mill, through H'ekcyn and Stevenage, and by Coreys Mill to and from

IVekryn, through Codicot, to Hit chin, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is now owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collecded upon the Iiiid Roads, the Sum of 4.900l. and upwards, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act he enlarged, the Tolls thereby granted incrcalbJ, and foine further Powers given to the Petitioners for carrying the

Purposes

um« due from the Kast India Company.

Supply,

24 Geo. III. 8° Decembris. 825

Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner a9 the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confnleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Halsey, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows f urther Time for the Payment of certuia Sums due, and to become due, to the Public from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was read a Se-

o o 9

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to re|K>rt to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow cth; viz.

Resohed, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million One hundred Sixty-nine thousand Four hundred Pounds, be granted to

His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans, or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^*"* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House reiblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, pursuant to Surpluses, their Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1783: And also,

Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1783.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The laid Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39*

10 A ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the (hid Surpasses, stated the 5th Day of April 1783.

a

cq"

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking fund

DC

Per Contra

C*

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1783; viz1. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio’1 -

Ditto - of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Ditto - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

£. s. 4. 4.19,281 16 9 8*2,418 11 3

380,721 12 w>$

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1783, pursuant to the feverak Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; vis1.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 4° Georgii 2" for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dI Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 16° Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to D#

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wiues imported, granted by an Act i8# Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 1 g° Georgii 2dl, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the fame, in Part of 63,078/. 8s. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17° Georgii 3*u, to make good the above Duty on Glass, repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2uf for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2*° .

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2% for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

The Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2^ -

The Duty of 12*. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2dl - -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2<Ji, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of 1,750,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2di -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2^ - - -w

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di -

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2*11, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2dl The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like -D° - - of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2® -

£ *. d.

18,32$ — —

4>35or----

41,129 5 7

28,016 9 4

41,069 — —

140,101 3 7

3*635 id 7

88,810 — 8

80,939 1 lof

L95S----

43>69* 2

,7>°74 3 2

36,530----

5,291 — —

37,912----

2,117 — 2 2,774 8 22,643-----

85,129 17 7 J

882,422 — io£

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Inter*IV, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1783, as weti on the Principal Sum of 37,770,924/. 1#. 9^d. remaining unredeemed of 39,281,521/. 5#. i£d. in 3/. per Centum Annuities, consolidiated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 20,150,000l. added to the said Remain; vizr. 2,150,000l. pursuant to an Act 1 <P Georgii 3P1, and 18,000,000l. pursuant to an Act 2*° Georgii By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the feme Time -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1783, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, as weH on the Principal Sum of *8>353>773/- 16#. 4d. remaining unredeemed of 19,183,323/. 16* 4d. in Annuities,-consolidated and charged on this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 241 and 50 Georgii 3lU, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300l.; which, por-suant to the Acts 330 Georgii ldl and 2° Georgii 3d1, flood reduced to 3/. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3th, is directed to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the said remaining Sum of 18,353,773/. r§#. 4c/. -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's fnteretV, due the 5th Day of January 1783, being after the Bate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on L919»6oo/. toj which 2,100,000l. borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same 180,4002. subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Ad& 12°, 140 and 15° Georgii 3tU ——

By Ditto, for Charges] of Management of these Annuities, for the same Time By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2d|, and* charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1783 By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor* ship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and ehafged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1783 By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts l° and 2® Georgii 3tdTor 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 51b Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1783 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same lime By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s toe rest, after the Rato of 4 L per Centum, per Annum, due the 5th Day of April 1783, as well on the Principal Sum of

5.000. 000 /. borrowed and charged on thi* Fund by an Act *7* Georgii 3 d1, as on 3,000,000 /. added thereto, by an Ad2i° Georgii 3U1, being the Amount of 25 /. per Centum additional Capital, at 4 /. per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of 12,000,000l. borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned Act ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on

5.000. 0001. borrowed pursuant to the Ad 170 Georgii 3d1, for Half a Year,

ended the 5th Day of April *783 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time

868-8*3*r7

4

5*

560,10,

i&.5oi

1

*7 10

2 *>794 — „ 539 17

*3>i54 ifr a

470 -

114.125 — — *>745 10 if

160,000-----

4,250----

12,500-----

175 *5

‘^8^* V stsqmMQ-9Z8

D

cq‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

r*

Co

VO

w

C/l

H

W

O

H

To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an A d 21° Georzn 3ai -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to tbit Account pursuant to Acts 33° Goorgtt 2di, and 50 Georgii 3,u -

To the Income of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act *24° Georgii 241, brought lo this Account pursuant to an Act 2® Georgii 3lU -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts w* Georgii 2dl and 6? Georgii 3lii, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6® Georgii 3m -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a® Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33® Georgii brought to this Account purfount to one other Act *2° Georgii 3,u -

To thu additional Duly upon Strong Boer and Ale, 'granted by an Act 1® Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3tU -To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, Ac*, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5® Georgii 3lii -To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Titfanies imported, granted and

nude a Part of this Fund by an Add® Georgii 3lU....

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c\ granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6# Georgii 3U1 -

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 7® Georgii 3lii -

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3* Georgii 3*u, brought to thi* Account pursuant to an Act 8* Georgii 3ta -To the Duties upon Cyder and P«rry. granted by an so Georgii 3,u, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3tU -To the additional Duty upon Coaches, &c\ granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3UI, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Stamp Doty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and 011 News Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17® and 19® Georgii 3rii ....

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Phper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17® Georgii gfu To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 17° Georgii 3cil ——

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3U1 ——

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant lo one other Act 21° Georgii 3"1 -

To the additional Duty of 5 L per Centum on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act ai° Georgii 3tU To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2ir Georgii 3ltt....

1,102

35*911

122,679

33,988

85,036

194,381

20,166

i,a93

11

10,049

35,657

*>493

10,141

37,56

5,io8

19,384

34>589

4*038

3,o8i

9,159

226,203

47,194

1,454

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in relped of 4,980.772/. 3/. 3*d. remaining unredeemed of 5,000,000l. borrowed by virtue of an Act 31* Georgii a41, for Service of the Y'ear 175^ (which Muuagement was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1783 -By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders for receiving Money at the F.xchequer, for the Payment of Annuities, See. charged on this Fund; and to the Auditors of the imprrlts for examining, auditing, and engrulling the Accounts of Dividend Warrants for Reduced Annuities, 4/. per Centum Annuities, and Annuities for 10 Years, for One Year, to the 5th Day of April 1780; and for Consolidated 3/. per Centum Annuities, 3 JA per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1758, and Long Annuities, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of July 1780; and also for Impnest Rolls, &c. &c. ——

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January >783, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by aH Ad 31° Georgii 2dl, which, by a Clause in the so'd Ad, 19 to be replaced to this Fund out of tha first Supplies 10 be granted in Parliament ....

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1783, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 3*", which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament - -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1783* of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act; 19* Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1783,. of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3^, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ....

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1783* of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 22* Georgii 3% which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cash taken in further Part of 2,284,715/. 1 os. 8d. granted towards the Supply of the Year 1782, pursuant to an Act 220 Georgii 3tU -

1,400 16 10

n,&M 10 \b

7,678 9 «.£

104,289 — 10

2.94* 15 9$

73,690 >5 61

323,490 7 9 119,804 7 9

£ 2,444,290 9 — i

This being the 121st Half Yearly Accotnpf, made up pursuant to an Act g* Georgii 1" (Page 367) is humbly presented this 8th Day of December 1783, by me

it B. Sheridan.

1,561,868 8 a 2,444,290 9 — I

00

c

3

cT

24 Gxo. III. 8* Decmbris.

ABSTRACT of the said Surplusses, dated

r

D

eg'

r+

N

CD

Q_

cr

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the loth Day of October 1783; vis. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -D# - - - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 D°---- of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

£. 5. d.

623,64a 13 7i 104,948 6 — f

459,851 1 — I

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 10th Day of October 1783, pursu&nt to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; vis.

£.1,188,445 —

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 4* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii a*1 -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 160 Georgii a*11, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1745. brought to this Account pursuant to D° -Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19° Georgii a*1, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act; with the Sum brought to the same in Part of 63,078 /. 8 s. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3*", to make good the above Duty on Glass, repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act ao° Georgii a", for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii a41 -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act ai° Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wiuught Plate, giuiited by au Ad 6° Georgii t*1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending, Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2*11 Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

The Duty of 3#. id. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2" -

The Duty of 12#. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii a*11, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27* Georgii 2*1 - -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii a*1, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000 /. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii a*11 Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii a*1, for raising the Sum of 1,750,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account

pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2di - ....

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2*1 -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2*11 -

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii a-1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32* Georgii a*11 -^The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

£. s. d. 21,079 18 5

1,651----

13,216 1 6

*5,957 9 4

49.957 6 6

145,8*5 3 10*

18 H —

3,5*8 — 3

136,005 8 *

86,721 2 if

6,655 12 6

5*,225 17 9*

*5,875 — if

30,964 19 —

3,463 >4 8

43,177 12 8

j 2 4

8f

10th Day of October 1783.

00

00

Per Contra.....-

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's interest, after the Hate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1783, as well on the Principal Sum of 37,770,924/. is. 9$<Z. remaining unredeemed of 39,281,521/. 55. 1 \d. in 3/. per Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of 20,150,000l. added to the said Remain, vial. 2,150,000 /. pursuant to an Act 16° Georgii 3*", and 18,000,000l. pursuant to an Act 2i# Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1783, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of 18,353,773/. 16 s. 4d. remaining unredeemed of 19,183,323/. 165.41/. in Annuities, consolidated, and charged upon this Fund by Acts 25* Georgii a*1, and 50 Georgii 3d1, as on the further Sum of 18,986,300/, which, pursuant to the Acts 33* Georgii 2di, and 20 Georgii 3d1, flood reduced to 3/. per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3lii, is directed to he added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining Sum of 18,353,773/. 165. 4*/.

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time.....-----

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Years Interest, due the 5 th Day of July 1783, being after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum on 1 >919*600l. to which 2,100,000l. borrowed on the Credit of this Fund, by an Act 24° Georgii 2*" is reduced, by abating the same 180,400/, subscribed and redeemed, in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 15° Georgii 3d1 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By Cash taken to anrwer Annuities vu nngte Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii a*1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1783....

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor-ship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October

1783....

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts 1° and 2° Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1783.....-----

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

£. 5. d.

868,813 17 21

16,212 7 5 i

560,101 2 1 i

10,501 17 io|

28,794----

539 17 9 13,004 10 — 270 — - —

124,125 — —

1,74510 13

8° Decembris. 1783

C

r

o

W

The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retnil Wines, the like

I>itto of the Duties ou Licences to retail Spirits, the like

To the Subsidy ou Goods and Merchandize imported, granted by an Act 32* Georgii -2dl, brought t*> this Account pursuant to an Act ^GVorjjii -

To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act a l® (icnrgii fp11 ——

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 33° Georgii und 50 Georgii 3,h To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, grante d by an Act 24° Georgii 2dl, brought-to this Account pursuant to an Act a° Georgii 3,u -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, guinted by Acts 33* Georgii act, and 6° Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3tJI To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act ‘2° Georgii 3111, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33* Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3111 -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Leer and Ale, granted by an Act 1® Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3tl1 -To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5® Georgii 3lil- *4? To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by au Ad 6° Georgii 3"* -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, Ac. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3th -

To the additional Duties upon lfroad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3lii -

To the additional Duty upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to on Ad 8° Georgii 3lil -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 311, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3lU -To the additional Duty on Coaches, Ac. granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Audioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things, sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17° and 19® Georgii stU To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17® Georgii 3d1 -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glals, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3tU ——

To the Arrears of the Tax on all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to

an Act ai° Georgii 3111 - ....

To the Duties on Tobacco and Sugars, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act *21® 3lU -

To the additional Duty of 5/. per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act at0 Georgii 3tU -To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act a 1° Georgii 3^ - -

8,114 18 111

17,614 6 3

*33-735 *7 1 I

629 -

15*059 -

90,318 14 4 16,863 10 —

*7°>°57 — — 3*7*965-----

8,066 17 5

I, 100 — 4

31 8 9

— 3 lo*

30,648 17 5

5*3^4----

II, 867 — — 31*74 4 6

3,310 3 3

30,567----

28,746 17 5 9,681 17 4 383 9 9

38,780-----

146,099 5 8

49,73°-----

483 3 —

1,800,795

7 4i

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of 4/. per Centum per Annum, due the 10th Day ol October 1783, as well on the Principal Sum of 5,000,000l. borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act 17* Gcoign 3111, us on 3,000,000l. added thereto by un Ad 21 Georgii 3ul, being the Amount 01*25/. per Centum additional Capital, at 4/. per Centum |>er Annum, panted to the C ontributors of 12,000,000 /. borrowed pursuant to the lull-mentioned Act -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on 5,000,000 L borrowed pursuant to the Ad 170 Georgii 3Mi, for Half a Year ended the 10th Day of Oduber 1783 -

By D, tto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in rrfped of 4,980,772/. 3#. 3 $ d. remaining unredeemed of 5,000,000l. borrow ed by virtue of an Act 31* Georgii ial for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was by a Clause in the said Act charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1783 By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid the Auditors of the Impress, for examining, auditing, and engrossing the Account of Dividend Warrants for 4/. per Centum Annuities, reduced Annuities, and Annuities granted for 10 Years to the 5th Day of April 1781; and for 3J per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1758, consolidated 3/. per Centura Annuities, and Long Annuities, to the 5th Day of July 1781; and for Fees at the Pipe Office, Sec. on obtaining a Quietus, for 2 Years, to the 5th Day of July

*779 ....

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2*1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund for Paying Annuities, granted by an Act i8# Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 190 Grcorgii 3tH, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1783, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783* of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 220 Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1783, of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 230 Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

£. m. d.

160,000 — —

2,250-----

ia,5°°-----

175 *5 71

1,400 16 10

10,850 15 *

15.877 '3 4l 63,730 1 ni

70,397 3 ,0i 134,218 14 8£

112,398 11 5

00

24.943 5 — \Q

in

4

.1

24 Geo. III. 8°

To Monies granted out of the S.ipply Anno 1783, for the Purposei following, *23° Georgii 3dl, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1782, of the Fund efiablifiied for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 ....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 3th Day of July 178 2, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present JVlajesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1782,0! the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 - -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1782, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1782, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782

D

CQ

1 — H

N'

CD

CL

o~

o

o

n

1

by an Act

oo

o

c*

c

a

c

5?

£. 5* </.

46,444 — 11

By Cash taken in Full of a,*84,715/. 10*. 8 d. granted towards the Supply £ s. d.

of the Year 1782, pursuant to an Act 22° Georgii 3U1 - - - - 107,229 16 sj

By Calli taken in Part of 2,200,000l. granted towards the Supply of the Year

1783, pursuant to au Ad 23° Georgii 3|U ..... 1,200,234 14 2

3*54°>3I5 11 3j

160,191 8 8 J

63,888 8 7i

This being the I22d Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii l*1 (Page 367) is humbly presented this 8th Day of December 1783, by me

R. 2?. Sheridan.

>41.871 7 7f

138,68a 17 4 ' 1 — 551.078 3 a J

£ 3.540.3*5 11 3}

00

o

Decembris. . 1783.

24 Geo. III.

8° Decembris.

831

Wtys and Mtans.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide r further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His MajeUv, the Uefolu-tion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in hi} Place; and alterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read; and is as followed); riz.

Jit solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lo much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of 1 iis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the " fencing and receiving Letters and Packets free from " the Duty of Foliage/’ as permits Letters and Packets, printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to be lent by the Post, free from the Duty of Foliage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, be repealed.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inftriiftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance ot Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said ltelulutiun.

Supply.

The Ord< r of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|7f,e R!

[Mr. Burke:

Tellers for the Noes,\VII'd>0a'^s V 102.

[Sir George j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, declaring it to be a Public Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the- Bill by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 17. To leave out " Stephen ,"

and insert " Joseph instead

thereof.

1. 19. To leave out " Jacob and

inlert " James Moffat t," instead thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 18. To leave out "within Twenty Days " after Notice of l'uch Vacancy or " Vacancies shall have been given " to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State."

Pr. 23. l.l. To leave out " by the Directors " hereby discontinued, or to be " done or contented to or signed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Territories, Revenues, and

Rcxohrd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Commerce of this Kingdom, in The East Indies.

r \ 1 . t ft m r♦ »««(/ .1 1 11 4 / k 1 1 n 1 \ a i. k 1 / I I /a rv> 114/\ J ./ A. X f . A A

CommifTon-er» for lull Ldu Aliens.

Morning next, rcfulvc iticlf into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bailiffs, of the Borough of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Jut'Ls, in Common Council assembled, was pre-fmted to the House, and rend; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having been informed by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in Parliament, for vesting the Affairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Ciar.missioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public; and the Petitioners, being alarmed at the extensive and dangerous Conihquences of such a Mckif.re, therefore pray. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

(Jrdcnd, That the said Table.

pray,

Petition do lie upon the

of the Day, for the Third for veiling the

ingro.lh

Ordmd, That the Order Reading of the Bill, now

Allairs of the East India Company in the Hands of certain Commissioners, for the Benefit of the Proprietors and the Public, be now read.

And tlu* laid Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

A Member returned upon a new Writ, took the uJkefc Oathb. Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and fuhlcrihrd the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Pin-poles.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be now* read the Third Time;

Vol. 39.

A Member

Cornu tilTii 'tiers for I.ale Li id in Allans.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary For do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order niade Government upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself of East India into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Territories. Morning, upon the Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in , might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Receipt upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself Duty, into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made " in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty,

" intituled " An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon " Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or " other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;"

"and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of " Exchange, Pcomiflbry and other Notes; and also,

" Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts, and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and Liken Receipts not stamped according to Law, might he read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* resolve itself into the said Committee.

ing next.

And

Excif*.

Exports to America, &c.

Aliens Duty.

Ways and Meins.

io* Decembris. A. 1783.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Decembris Anno 24* Georgii IIl,u Regis, 1783.

Pbatehs.:

THE House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of all the Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, for Three Years, ending Midsummer 1782, distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper); together with the Totals of the Amount for each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from 5th July 1782, to the 5th July 1783, being as far

as the same can be made up, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper); together with the Totals of the Amount.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That that the said Accounts do lie upon die Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The First of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note, The other of the said Accounts was, by reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 19th Day of February, and another presented.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Old Subsidy re tained upon Foreign Goods exported from Or eat Britain to North America, and the British West India Islands, for the Years 1773 and 1774, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Aliens Duty, paid to Customs in Great Britain, for the Years 1773 and 1774, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, PenGons, Offices, and Personal 06

Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon; and

that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the -said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montague, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Sheridan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Atnericau last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for pre- Trade.

" venting certain Instruments from being required from " Ships belonging to the United States of America;

" and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time,

" certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Secretary Fox and Mr. Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, according irish p,t(t to Order, a Bill for establishing certain Regulations Conveyance, concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Polls, between Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to York County the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 'Vr,u the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of Sir George Savile, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred; in the County of Berks.

A Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, in the Phillips’* County of Middlesex, being offered to be presented to Mf thod of the House; Provisow

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That in March 1781, the Petitioner presented a Petition to the House, stating, That, having been informed of the Ravages and Devafta-tions made during Sea Voyages on the Dry Provisions in His Majesty’s Navy, by Weevils, and other In-fefts, he had, after many Years incessant Study and Assiduity, discovered a cheap Composition, easy in its Application, and the Expence not exceeding Five Guineas, in eradicating Weevils, Spiders, Maggots, and Cock-roaches, out of a First Rate Man of War; and that the House is in Possession of numerous and incontrovertible Testimonies of the great Utility of the Petitioner’s Discovery; and that the Petitioner, having been the Author of an Invention of the utmost Consequence to the Health and Lives of Seamen

1

’J

Sums due Iron* 11 ic hull India Cum puny.

American

Trade.

34 Geo. III.

men in His Majesty’s Service, as the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and several respectable Naval Officers, testified in a Committee of the House in 1781, a Bill was, in consequence thereof, submitted to Parliament, for providing a Reward of 3,600 /. to the Petitioner, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Competition of his Powder for the Destruction of lnfefts, but which Reward the House of Lords postponed until further Proofs of the Success of the Petitioner’s Invention, and ordered a particular Account of the Result of such Experiments, as were then making, or should be made, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, of the Efficacy of the Petitioner’s Pow der, to be laid before them at the Opening of the next Session of Parliament; in Obedience to which, the Commissioners of the Admiralty have presented to their Lordships such further Certificates as are come to Hand; and that the Petitioner, conscious from the Addition of the numerous and incontrovertible Teltiinonics in support of his Invention, that the Utility of his Discovery gives him a Claim to public Prottftion, is induced, notwithstanding the Invention has been acquired by Eighteen Years unremitted Application, at the Expence of 4,000l., and at the Hazard of his Life (he being now almost blind) to make known to Parliament, to the Commissioners of the Victualling, and to lay open to the Public, the Nature and Manner of preparing his Composition, that all His Majesty’s Subjects may reap the Benefit of it, upon receiving such Compensation for his Trouble and Expence, as by the House shall be thought reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap|>ear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Sir Joseph

Maw bey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve rtf* If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue io much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " StatesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol.39.

833

Ordered, That the Order of the Elay, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards,

Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1783 to

24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, from 23th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Com miliary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1784, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a-Establish-particular Account of the Establishments of the several meats of Offices mentioned in the Estimate of the Charge of the Army Offices. Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by-the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1784* being 366 Days.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names Blagdon are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- loclofur*. prietors of Estates within the Parish of Blagdon, in 10 C the

io° Decetnbris.

8g4 10° — i i° Decembris. 1783.

the County of Somerset, was prefenfed to the House, quer Fees, to be paid by the Paytnafter General, for and read; setting forth, That there are, within the " the Year 1784:" And also,

laid Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, the A Paper, intituled. Particulars of the Charge of the Property of the Pedtioners and others, which, in their " Allowance to His Majestys Secretary at War, his present Situation, are incapable of any considerable " Deputy, and Clerks, including the contingent Ex-Improvement; and that the Pedtioners apprehend it " pences of his Office, for the Year 1784:" And would be very advantageous to them, and to all other also,

Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and A Paper, indtuled, " Particulars of the Charge of inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, " the Allowance to the Comnviflary General of the according to their respective Interests: And therefore " Mullers, his Deputies, and Clerks, including the praying, That Leave maybe riven to bring in a Bill " contingent Expencep of his Office, for the Year 1784:" for dividing and inclosing the said several Commons and And also,

Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of ' think proper. '* the Allowance to the Judge Advocate General, his

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- " Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Ex-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. " pences of his Office, for the Year 1784:" And also, Brickdale, Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Dawbgty, do A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of the prepare and bring in, the fame. " Allowance to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the

" Army, their Secretary, Clerks, and other Officers, for Way* and The other Order of the Day being read; " the Year 1784 And also,

Mean*. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge for

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, " the Amount of Poundage to be returned to the Into consider further of Ways and Means for raising the " fantry of His Majestys Forces, on Account, for the Supply granted to His Majesty. "Year 1784."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, Morning, Ten of the Clock. to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other

—— ---- — ----------- Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Mo

jetty, by i

Sums due from the East India Company.

Jovis, 11°

Anno 24 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1783.

Praters.

Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, T>y a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QuestUx\ severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

SpiitfceiW*, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguished &c. Nat. Mr. Graces:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christian Splitgerber and Sebastian Fridag, without any Amndment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Establishment Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-Office*!* suant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Charge of " the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, Deputies, Clerks, the contingent " Expences of his Office, and of the Amount of Exhe-

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-six Thousand One hundred and Ninety Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernseyhand Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, the Charge of Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Mailers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-four thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and- those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge -of Allowances, to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two

hundred

24 Geo. III. 11° — 12°

hundred Fifty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred F.ighty-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Five hundred Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Mullers, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty^fifth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, hoth inclusive.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " Seventeen" and inferring the Word " Fifteen " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Seventeen" stand Part of the said Resolurion;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolurion was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mutiny and Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for bciertion. punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and General Corruvy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Government The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Territories, t|)e Ujh for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Trade. Reading of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments " from being required from Ships belonging to the " United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, " for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants " of the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vql. 39.

Dteembris. 835

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Receipt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duty* House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demandand for granting " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory " and other Notes; and also. Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts, and for indemnifying all Persons who have given, and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-r________._______________________ -A___

Veneris, 12* die Decembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Praters.

PETITION of the Corn Distillers in and Smuggling, about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have embarked very considerable Capitals in erecting Buildings and providing Utensils and Materials for car-

Zing on the Corn Distillery, under the Sanction of the iws; and that the Petitioners, though few in Number, comprise, in Importance and Extent of their Manufactories, upwards of 44ths of the whole Distillery of England, the Proportion paid by the London Distillery the last Year, ending 5th July, to the Public Revenue, being nearly as 310,000l. to 35,000l.; that, alarmed at the surprising Decrease of, and impending Ruin to, a Trade of lb much Importance to the Landed Interest as well as to the Revenue of this Country, the Petitioners have endeavoured to investigate the Causes of its late rapid Declension, and, the deeper their Researches, the more they are induced to impute it to the fraudulent Practices of the Smuggler and illicit Trader; and that the Com Distillery, which, upwards of Twenty Years ago, was a Market for, and took 500,000 Quarters of Com annually, has not, of later Years, made a Demand for more than 150,000 Quarters; and the great Encouragement to the Increase of Agriculture, and the refulring Benefit to the Landed Property, under the former State, are too obvious to suffer the late de-struftive Change to pals unnoticed; and that, with respect to the Revenue, the Petitioners conceive it will be found, on Inquiry, that, about the Year 1750, when the Impost or Duties upon Com Spirits were only about 12/. />er Ton, the Com Distillery yielded a Revenue to Government of about 500,000l. annually, and, to come nearer the present Time, that, in 1778, the Duties amounted to 540,000l. and upwards; in 1779, 1780,

1781, and 1782, additional Imposts were laid on, with a View to aid and increase the Revenue, and such Increase was estimated at upwards of 135,000l. additional

Yearly

836 i 2° Decembr^.1783.

Yearly Revenue; yet, in the Year 1783, it will be found that the whole Produce of the Distillery was about 335,000l. only; and thus, instead of the promised Increase of Revenue, by the additional Imposts, this one Article of British Manufactory, which, in 1750, at an Impost of about 12 I. per Ton, produced 500,000l.;

in 1778, at an Impost of 49/. per Ton, produced 540,000l.; in 1783, at an Impost of 62/. per Ton, produces only 335,000l.; which is 165,000l. short of what it was in 1750, and 340,000l. a Year short of the promiied Increase; and that the Petitioners, in the Course of this Inquiry, have every Reason to believe that it is not from any Decrease in the Consumption of Spirits in England that this Change arises, but, on the contrary, that the Demand and Consumption have greatly increased; and that this material Deficiency of the Public Revenue is owing to the Introdu6tion of Foreign Spirits by the Smuggler, and by the illicit Trade of secret Manufactories in Great Britain and other Evasion of Duties; and that the Petitioners have submitted this short Sketch, or comparative View of the past and present State of the Com Distillery, in order to lbew that, in proportion to the Increase of the Imposts, such has been the Increase of the Bounty or Profit to the illicit Trader, that the Temptation exceeds the Force of all our restriCHve Laws, and what was intended as an additional Aid to Government, has operated in Diminution of the Revenue, by encouraging fraudulent Practices, and; in Effect, prohibiting the fair Trader; and that, although the Petitioners conceive themselves entitled to the Protection and Encouragement of the Legislature, it is not their Interelis alone that are at Stake, the Corn Distillery is evidently of great National Importance, and the Defalcation of the Revenue calls not more forcibly for the Interposition of the Minister, than the Revival of a failing Market for our Staple the Com Trade, and averting the Injury to the Landed Property, call for the Attention of the Country Gentlemen; the Protection of the fair Trader, the Increase of his Manufacture, the Ends of Government, with respect to Revenue, and the maintaining or increating the Value of the Landed Property, being, as the Petitioners conceive, inseparable from their Interests: And therefore praying. That this important Matter may be taken into Consideration, and that Relief may be afforded, whether by such a Reduction of the late unproductive Impolts as may remove the Temptations to the fraudulent and illicit Trader, and consequently render further restrictive Laws unnecessary, or, by more effectual Restrictions, and better enforced Regulations, suppressing the Frauds, and making these additional Imposts answer the*Ends for which they were laid on, or. otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to

enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the moil effectual Methods of preventing the fame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Br, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven' hundred and Eighty-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Sir William Chambers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their.Order,

A General Plan of the New Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, as settled by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and ordered to be carried into Execution by the King's Sign Manual, dated-the 24th of November 1775, and by various Treasury Letters, bearing Date May 14th, 1776, July nth, 1777, August 19th, 1777, and September 10th, 1779: And also,

An Account of the Sums received by Sir William Chambers, and paid by him, for Works done or carrying on at the New Public Offices now erecting under his Inspection on the Scite of Somerset.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account is read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Sums da* from the End India Company.

Somerset

House.

o

r

CO

An ACCOUNT of the Sums received by Sir ffilliam Chambers, and paid by him for Works dime or carrying on at tba New Public Office* now erecting under his Inspectii

on the Scite of Somerset House.

The Accounts of the Six First Years, ending at Christwas Anno 1781, with the Vouchers belonging to them, are in the Auditor's Hands; and hare been allowed, and dated by them in the following Manner; viz.

Anno

177*

1777-

1778.

1779*

1780.

t78l.

The Charge The Charge The Charge The Charge The Charge The Charge

£. «. d.

7,000-----

23*°°°-----

33»589 7 36*093 37*»7* n i3»95i

7 11 7 Hi 11 1*

7 4

£. #. d.

The Discharge ---- 12,399 — 4J

The Discharge ----- - 21,410 12 —

The Discharge ----- - 25,495 19 lif

The Discharge ----- - 29,892 16 10

The Discharge ----- - 35*486 10 6k

The Discharge ----- - 25,393 — 11|

Due to the Accountant The Accountant indebted The Accountant indebted The Accountaut indebted The Accountant indebted Due to the Accountaut -

f. r. 5*399 — 4* 7 11 7 11* 11 1$

— 7 *3 3

- >.589

- 8.093

5,200

- 1,686

- IW

1 Received by Sir William Chambers on the above Account since Christmas 1781; viz.

£. 2. d.

lyfft, February 19th 5*°oo-----

May ..... n 9i

July 6th and 16th - -- --.....47s 16

September 6th ..... — —

1789* January 9th.....5>o°°

March 31st.....2,000-----

April ....

May 30th .....5,000-----

June 3d.....- 4*212 12 9

August 28th - -- -- 5,000---

October nth ----.....5*000-----

o

b

D

(a

r —

N'

CD

CL

O"

CD

o

Carried over - 59,291 1 3J

Balance due to the Accountant by the Account of 1781, as above - -

Paid to various Persons at.different Times before the lad Settlement with them in December 1782, at which Time the old Receipts were returned, and One General Receipt taken for the whole Sum imprested to them respectively; viz.

£. 2. d.

240----

300 — — 200 — — -10 10 7 262 9 si

- 10-----

- 1,676 13 7

- 50-----

£. 2. d.

Samuel Wyatt - 1,214 »4 lof Sam* Aiken -

John Groves - 1*899 2 2* John Bacon -

Henry Holland and C* - - 1,600 9 9! Kichd Lawrence

John Devall " 775 8 if Richd Cust -

James Filewood - - 281 9 4 Rob* Gieenall

John Gilliam Ot £» 0 0 15 if Edwd Crocker

Devall and Holroyd - 315 1 7i Fdwd Gray -

Thomas Clark 298 12 1 John Yenn -

William Evans 24 2 1

2,749 13 71 £. 11,709 15 7i

Paid to various Persone since the lad Settlement in December 1782; viz.

To Sam1 Wyatt 1783, January, 200l.; March 14th, 200l.; May 13th, 600l.; Augud 2‘2d,

500l.; September 26th, 500l.; November 14th, 300l. - ....

John Groves, 1783, January, 500l.; July 19th, 700l.; October nth, 500l.

H. Holland and C°, 1783, April 21ft, 6o©7.; May 8th, 700l.; August 29th, 800l.

John Devall, 1783, January 3d, 200l.; January 31st, 700l.; April 15th, 1,100/; September loth, 1,200l.; November 30th, 400l. -James Filewood, 1783, February 18th, 700l.; May 21ft, 600l.; November 15th, 1,000 John Gilliam, 1783, January, 120/.; August 14th, 850/.; September 27th, 1,000l.

Devall and Holroyd, 1783, April 15th, 600l.; May 5th, 600l.; September 27th, 500l. Rob'Creenall, 1783, April 8th, 96/. 32. 2d.; July 12th, 67/. 32. 2d.; October 171b, 118/. 182. Edward Gray, 1783, February 21ft, 800l.; July 24th, 1,000l.; November 6th, 600L W iilm Evans, 1783, October 3d, 40/.; November ill, 100l.

Sam1 Aiken, 1783, March 14th, 100l.; May 2otb? 70/, -

14*459 9 3

£. 2. d.

2,300 — —

1,700-----

2,100 — —

3,600

2,300

1,97° ,700 282 2,400 140 170

4 4

a

8

Paid by Sir William Chambers, exclusive of the Sums above stated, and allowed by the Auditors, for Works done prior to the Year 1782, which, not being in a measurable State, could not be brought to Account; And also on Account of Works done in the Course of the Years 1782 and 1783; viz.

r - - £.

M.441 13 3f

t

Carried over - - - £ 44.5^3

OQ

U4

>1

g

eg’

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Sir William Chambers, his Account continued.

Brought over from the other Side; Received Received December 5th 1783 -

£. 1. d.

- 59.^9> 3$

5,000-----

£. 64,291 1 3f

Brought over from the other Side; Paid ....

Paid to Joseph Wilton, 1783, August 14th.....-

T. Papworth, 1783, October 25th -

West and Kelsey, 1783, April 8th, 200l.; July 26th, 200l.; November 28th, 500 /. Rich4 Lawrence, 1783, May 5th, 200l.; September 27th, 200l. - - . J

George Neale, 1783, March 18th, 40/,; May 14th, 520/. 7s. 7<L; August 21ft, 4.00J. Charles Cole, 1783, May 26th - - . - - . _

Frederick Jury, 1783, June 28th ----. a

Hh Kettle, 1783, October 18th- - - - .

Philip Deare, 1783, February 28th....

Nath1 Ghostling, 1783, March 10th -

Josh Hughes, 1783, January 31st, 59/.; February 5th, 59/. 161. -Rich4 Cull, 1783, March 19th -Mines Royal, 1783, July 18th -

Rob1 Browne, 1783, January 16th, 50/.; July 13th, 50/.; July 19th, 1782, 50/. -T. Holiland, 1783, January ....

Tho* Clarke, 1783, February 8th, 50/.; July 19th, 100/; June 23d, 1782, 8a/.

John Venn, 1783, August 8th ——

John Westcott, 1783, May 5th, 300l.; October 24th, 400l.

John Devall, 1783, December 6th -

James Filewood, 1783, December 9th, 500WillisunChambers, 1783, Decembergth,600l. John Westcott, 17 83, L)ecember9th,i5o/.; De vail and 1 lolroyd, 1783, December 9th, 800l. W® Caddick, 1783, December 9th, 400l.; John Gilliam, 1783, December 10th, 600l. Rich4 Cobbett, 1783, December 11th, 300/; George Neal, 1783, December 11th,300l. James Tyson, 1783, December mh, 300l. -.....-

Remaining in Hand, to pay Balances of Bills for 1782, and to supply the Tradesmen in Cafes of Emergency ——

«. <L

♦4.563 6 10i

300 — —

500 — —

900 — —

400 — —

960 7 7

200 — —

84 — —

1 1 —

58 3 —

1 8 —

ll8 16 —

8 7 —

200 — —

150 — —

11 4 10

230 — —

100 — —

700 — —

900 — —

1,100 — —

950 — —

1,000 — —

600 — —

300 — —

54.337 4 3 i

9.953 16 "i

64.29 1 3*

In order to authenticate the latter Part of the Disbursements stated in the above Account, I beg Leave to subjoin a Copy of Mr. Paine'* Report to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, upon his Examination of the Works at Somerset House, and the Bills for the last Year,

James Paine, Esquire, his Report, and the Account for the Year 1782.

Sir, f Somerset House, November 17th, 1783.

I beg Leave to acquaint you, for the Information of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, that in Obedience to their Lordships Commands, signified to me in a Letter of the 31st August 1782, 1 immediately began to examine the Accounts of Sir William Chambers, as Superin tend ant of the Works carrying on at Somerset House: Which Examination having been compleated np to the end of the Year 1781, by the 19th of November in the same Year, I delivered in ray Report on that Day, with the Account' up to Christmas 1781; to which Report and Account 1 beg Leave to refer their Lordships. The remaining Bills then under Examination, up to the End of the Year 1782, have now also been compleatly examined, and every other Inspeflion made which the above-mentioned Treasury Letter required: And having now compleatly examined all the Tradesmen’s Bills for the Year 1782, and compared them with the Works done, and Materials furnished by each; having made a very attentive Survey of the Works up to the present Time; and having also compared the Bills with the several Abstracts made of the Mea-furements, and verified the Abstracts by the measuring Books, and the measuring Books by actual Rcadmeasurements of the principal Dimensions; I aiu enabled to certify to their Lordships (which I now beg Leave to do, by a Repetition of my former Report) that the Money has been very properly expended; that the Materials used, and the Worknrianftiip, are uncommonly good in their different Kinds; that the Measurments and Accounts have been taken and kept with the greatest Accuracy; and that in all other Points (as far as I am able to judge) the great Works at Somerset House, intruded to the Management of Sir William Chambers, have been very carefully and skilfully conducted, and with every due Attention to the Interest and Advantage of the Public.

The inch fed is the Account of the Disbursements up to the present Time, and the Bills up to the 31st December 1782. I have the Honour lo be, with great Respect,

To Richard Burke, Esquire, Treasury Chamber*. Sir> your most obedient humbIe StM’Jamet

An Account of the Sums due for Work done at Somerset House, and brought to Account from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1782: As also of the Money paid by Sir Wm Chambers in Part of the fame, and for Works done in the Course of the Year 1783, not yet measured nor brought to Account; viz. £. d.

Due for the Bills of the Midsummer Quarter 1782, as examined and settled by James Paine, pursuant to the Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury - ----- 12,291 3 9$

Due for the Bills of the Christmas Quarter 1782, as examined and settled by James Paine, pursuant to the Order of ther Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury - - - . - - . - - 13,016 — 10J

£ tt5»3°7 4 8

Paid by Sir JVm Chambers upon the Accounts, above-mentioned, as appears by the Vouchers produced by him ---- 35,747 19 9$

17 th Day of November 1783. Examined, compared the above Account with the Bills and Vouchers, and allowed the fame,

James Paine.

The Difference which appears between Mr. Paine’s Account of the Disbursements, and that now delivered, arises from the Balance in my Favour at the close of the Auditor’s Account for the Year 1781, amounting to 11,441/. 135. 3; from the Addition of Two Receipts, amounting to 1400l. which were mislaid, and Cuuld Iiot be found at the Time of Mr. Paine* Examination of the Vouchers; and from the Sums which an Imprest of

5,000l. received the 5th Instant, has enabled me to pay since his Report was delivered in, without Prejudice to the Money reserved to pay the Balances on the Bills of 1782, or to that which in large Works, to be conducted with Older and Expedition, mult necessarily be kept in Readiness to answerlhe Emergencies of the Tradesmen.

T he Fftimate of the Sum required to compleat the whole Building at Somerset House cannot he given with any Degree of Accuracy, because mauy Parts of it are not yet begun, and consequently the Expence of the Foundations (which is apprehended to be considerable) cannot be ascertained; neither can the Account of the Sums due on Account of the said Building at Midsummer last be accurately given, because a considerable Part of the Work done is not yet measured, nor in a measurable State; every Information, neverthelefe, which can be obtained on these Subject*, is now collecting, and will be ready to lay before the House in February next. William Chambers.

00

OO

120 Decembris. A. 1783.

Jrirti Port Conveyance.

: American: 1 rmlt.

djnum-

CienU

Low Wires and Spirit!*

24 Geo. III. 120 .

839

Ordered, That the said Plan and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subj<fts of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfe lf into the said Committee.

M r. S|>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Melasses, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of London from that of the Country: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Melasses, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Produce of London from that of the Country.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Mutiny and cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- ^efertion. fertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Fii ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the State of the Debt, and Estimate of the Charge, of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service,

1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, Rating how the Money voted by Parliament, and received by the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1783, has been expended, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refulutions; v hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Corn, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rale of Duty, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1782; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of London from that of the Country: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Corn, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Produce of London from that of the Country; And also, Vol. 39.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to con-; RoyaiM'iliu. fider of the Expediency of purchasing the late Sir Gre- *y Academy. gory Page’s House and Offices on with the

Garden and Fifty-six Acres of Land, for the Purpose of a Royal Military Academy; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hussey, Mr.

Pulteney Sir George Shuckburgh, Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Eden, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Mwchin, Mr. Strachey, Mr. Courtenay, Mr.

Brett, Mr. Parry, General Burgoyne, Mr. Attorney General, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Adam, General Conway, Mr.

Ord, Mr. Bankes, Lord Sheffield, Mr. Baker, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Sloper, Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Mr. Mellish, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Drake, the Lord

1

1

,i

Work* at Plymouth.

American

Trade.

840

Lord Nctchcfotfl, Mi*. tfedham Mr. Johnston: And

(hey are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and aTI w ho come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Board of Ordnance do prepare, ancf lay before this House, an Estimafe of the whole Expence which will probably be incurred in compleating the several Works at,

Chatham, Sheerness, Gravesend, Tilbury,

Landguard Fort, Yarmouth Roads, Woolwich, 'Lyme Regis, and The Isle of Man, for which Sums are demanded in the Estimate of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, presented to this House upon the 4th t)ay of December.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments " from being required from Ships belonging to the " tJnited States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" and setting forth, That, in consequence of the Powers lodged by the said Act in His Majesty and Council, an Order was issued by His Majesty in Council, on the 2d of July 1783, and published by Authority in the ldand of Jamaica on the 24th of September following, " ordering and directing " that Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, and Flax, Masts, '* Yards, and Bowsprits, Staves, Heading, Boards,

" Timber, Shingles, and all other Species of Lumber,

" Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, and all other Species of Live Stock, and Live Provisions,

" Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Xi Rice, Oats, Barley, and all other Species of Grain,

" being the Growth or Production of any of the United " States of America, may, until farther Order, be imported by British Subjects in JBnVwA-built Ships,

" owned by His Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, from any Part of the United States " of America to any of His Majesty’s West India Islands;

" and that Rum, Sugar, Molasses, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts,

" Ginger, and Pimento, may (until farther Order) be " exported by British Subjects in British-bm\t Ships,

and navigated according to Law, from any of His Majesty’s West India Islands, to any Port or Place,

" within the said United States, upon Payment of the " same t)uties on Exportation, and subject to the like *' Rules, Regulations, Securities, and Restrictions, as the " same Articles, by Law, are or may be subject and " liable to, if exported to any British Colony or Plan- tation in America and the Petitioner has received Accounts from Jamaica, since the Publication thereof, that the above Order has already operated most grievously to the People of that Island; that Lumber, and other American Commodities, rose at once to nearly the War Price, and that it was particularly hard on the Inhabitants of Kingston, who had begun to rebuild the House# burnt about Two Years ago; and that this Order is deemed equal to a Prohibition, as it is not probable that the Americans will admit British Ships into their Ports whilst they are precluded from ours; and representing to the House, that the Planters in general in tire said ldand, being deeply involved in Debt, and taxed both in Great Britain and in Jamaica beyond what their Produce will bear, indead of being loaded with new Oppressions, require every Adiftance and Indulgence that can possibly be held out to them, but more particularly in the Articles

1783.

of Lumber" and PVovisions, as their very Existence depends upon the Reduction of those necessary Expences of their Estates; and that the Petitioner fees the Propriety and Necessity of Great Britain's Attention to the carrying Trade, and her keeping as much of it as (he possibly can to herself, but he fees at the same Time the Impracticability of excluding the Americans from it in the West India Idands, as they will carry their Lumber and Provisions to the French, Dutch, Danish, and other Idands, not under the Dominion of His Majesty, to the singular and partial Emolument of those Idands, from whence they will he clandestinely carried to our Idands, loaded with double Freight, double Port Charges, double loading and unloading, Charges of going through a Second Hand, and the Providons in particular in a worse and unwholefeme Condition: And therefore praying,

That lb much of the said Act, as impowers His Majesty in Council to issue Orders and Directions, as in the said Act mentioned, may not be continued, or if continued, may be limited and restricied in such Manner, that the Island of Jamaica may receive no farther Detriment thereby, or that such Regulations may be adopted by the House, for qualifying and rightly ordering of the fame; as to them shall (eem meet, or that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against such Part only of the Bill as relates to the continuing of the said Powers vested in His Majesty by the Act of last Session.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Pains and Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and £e,a[u"nn Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Kum 0 ,4c‘ Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in The East Indies.

And die Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And One of the Counsel for Sir Thomas Rumbold was, in Part, heard to observe upon the Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

12" Deeemhris.

Mr. Speaker blent, on account of the Death of a Relation.

Adjourn-

ment.

Mr. Speaker thank* the House.

Supply Bill; M«Jt Dutirs.

Shillingford

Road.

Dovor Small Debts.

24 Geo. III.

Luna, 15° die

Anno 24* Georgii m,u Regis, 1783.

THE House being met, the Clerk at the Table acquainted the House, That Mr, Speaker had lent for him that Morning, to desire him to inform the House, that having Yesterday received the melancholy Account of the Death of a very near Relation, he hoped the House would dispense with his Attendance upon his Duty for a Day or Two; and, if it would be attended with no Inconvenience to the public Business, that the House would adjourn for a short Time.

Whereupon it was moved. That the House would adjourn till Wedntsday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk (to whom those who spoke addressed themselves, according to former Practice in the Absence of the Speaker) by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock*

Mercurii, 1 Tdie Decembris;

Anno ?4* Georgii III'1' Regis, 1783. Prayerj.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair, he returned his humble Thanks to the House for their kind Indulgence to him.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One fooufaqd Seven hundred and Eighty-four; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of through Wallingford and Pangbomc, to Reading, in file County of

Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near ShUlingJord Terry; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council Men of the Town and Port of in the County of Kent, and of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town and Port; and also, of the several Parishes of Charlton,

River, Excell, Lydden, Coldred, East and West -

don, Ringxividd, Saint Margaret's at Cliff, otherwise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham other wise Duff-ham, Cagle le Fern, and Alkhaand all'o Dovor Castle,

in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Davor is large and populous, and has a commodious Harbour, by Means w hereof a considerable Trade is carried on in the said Town, and also in the said several Parishes -and Castle, Vol. 39.

Q Dfcembri$. 841

on Account of foqir near Situation to the said Town; and that there are many Person? to whom the Trader? of the said Town and Parishes arp obliged tP give Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although they are well able, to pay th/e fame, profuming. on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence and Pejay in filing for such Debts; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if an paly and spepdy Method of recovering small Debts wps established within the said Town, Parishes, and Castle, fop fapie would greatly tend tP promote fndustry, and support qfefol Credit therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may. be given to bring in a Rill for the mqrp eqfy and fppedy Recovery of frpall Pebts within the fold Town, Parishes, and Castle, in such‘Mapner, and updpr such Regulations, as the House shall think proper*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hewdkcg, Mr- Baker, &c.: And they are tp meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and' have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record?.

Ordered, That all Committees Re revived.

Mr. Stephens presented to (he House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while pp Shore: And foe same was-received; and read the First Tima*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Daubeny presented to (he House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclolipg foe Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of fUqgdffl, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bil( he rpad a (?Ppofld Tftnp.

Mr. Minchinpresented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of fop Stoppages made from foe Pay of the Artillery, serving in North Amerigo, for Proyiuon? supplied from His Majesty’s Stores, from lft October 1779 10 3ofo 4prd 1783-And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That foe said Acponnt do lie upon foe Table, to be perused by foe Members of the House.

The said Account js preserved amongst the other Paper? of foi? Seflipp.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts which were presented to foe House by Mr. Bruere and Mr. Pafon, from foe Commissioners of Excise, upon the 10th and 12th Days of this lustant December, be printed, as shall be fuflfeient fqr fog Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That foe Serjeant at Aran?, attending fob House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of foe Hopfe.

Apd he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Hqqfe was moved, That foq Entry iq fop Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of Nqvesybgr in relation to the Motion, That (bmp Course rqjraLt he taken for preventing the Incooyepieqcy that plight fell upon foe House, if His Majesty foquld he informed of any Thing in Agitaijon in foo House hefato If dh" termined, might be read.

Apd foe fin pc was read accordingly.

10 E The

Comx&ittees.

Marine Forces.

Blagdon

Inclosure.

Stoppages from Army

Pay*

Accounts to be printed.

Members

summoned.

Privilege — influencing Proceedings by mentioning the King's Opinion.

State of the Nation.

East Indie Affairs.

842 17® — 18° Decembris. A. 1783.

The House was also moved, That the several Entries m-the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of December 1641, of the Resolutions of the House, upon Mr. Pynis Reports from the Committee appointed to

consider of the Breach of Privilege of Parliament, by reason of His Majesty’s Speech to both Houses; also the Declaratory Protection of the Claim of the Privileges and Liberties mentioned in the said Resolutions; together with the Petitionary Remonstrance to His Majesty, declaring the Right of Parliament to such Privileges, and the Particulars wherein they had been broken, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That it is now necessary to declare, that, to report any Opinion, or pretended Opinion, of His Majesty, upon any Bill, or other Proceeding, depending in either House of Parliament, with a View to influence the Votes of the Members, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor, derogatory to the Honour of the Crown, a Breach of the Fundamental Privileges of Parliament, and subversive of the Constitution of this Country;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellerj for the Yeas, } 8o'

Tellers for the Noes, },*.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it is now necessary to declare, that to report any Opinion, or pretended Opinion, of His Majesty, upon any Bill, or other Proceeding, depending in either House of Parliament, with a View to influence the Votes of the Members, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor, derogatory to the Honour of the Crown, a Breach of the Fundamental Privileges of Parliament, and subversive of the Constitution of this Country.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

" Manner interrupt, the Discharge of this important " Duty," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for foe Yea,{^ Lord Maitland,

Tellers for the Noes lSir Adam

letters lor ttieiNoes,|Mr Macdonald;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, Th&t it is necessary to the most essential Interests of this Kingdom, and peculiarly incumbent 011 this House, to pursue with unremitting Attention -the Consideration of a suitable Remedy for the Abuses which have prevailed in the Government of the British, Dominions in The East Indies', and that this House will consider as an Enemy to his Country any Person who shall presume to advise His Majesty to prevent, or in any Manner interrupt, the Discharge of this important Dpty.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon £*"* ""d the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir ^umbo'd 4" Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and P Esquire,

for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whiift they re-Ibeftively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Decembris; Anno 24* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1783.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is necessary to the most essential Interests of this Kingdom, and peculiarly incumbent on this House, to pursue with unremitting Attention the Consideration of a suitable Remedy for the Abuses which have prevailed in the Government of the British Dominions in The East Indies; and that this House will consider as an Abettor of those Abuses, and an Enemy to his Country, any Person who shall presume to advise His Majesty to prevent, or in any Manner interrupt, the Discharge of this important Duty;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " and that this " House will consider as an Abettor of those Abuses, " and an Enemy to his Country, any Person who shall " presume to advise His Majesty to prevent qr in any " Manner interrupt, the Discharge of this important " Duty;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words " an Abettor of those Abuses, and."

And the Question being put, That the Words " an " Abettor of those Abuses, and " stand Part of the said first proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the said Amendment, lo amended, " and that this House will consider " as an Ehemy to his Country any Person who shall " presume to advise His Majesty to prevent, or in any

Prayers.

D ESO LVED, That this House will, immediately, irish Polt

*' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Conveyance, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Braddyll reported from the Committee, to whom Kirkby Ke»-the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers dall Road, of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby " Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby leth, in the County of Lancaster," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and thut the Committee bad

gone

American

Trade.

5wpply Bill; Liiid Tax.

<;everrrmmt «»i Ktili India T^rrilorK*.

24 Geo. III. 18a Decembris. 84$

gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States."

Ordered, That Mr. F.den do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1782, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1784.

T hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pJealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Sir Robert Barker, Baronet, and John Call, Agents in Behalf of the Creditors of the Nabob of Arcott (Subjects of this Realm) resident at Saint George and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That, by an Instrument duly executed at Fort Saint George, in The East Indies, the 10th Day of August 1782, the Petitioners were appointed to be the Agents of the said Creditors, with foil Powers to do and execute for them, and in their Names, every Thing lawful to be done relative to the Claims of their absent Conltituents on the said Nabob; and that, by virtue of such Appointment, on or about the 28th Day of April' 1777. the President and Council, or Select Committee of Fort Saint George, did, by a Public Letter under their Hands, hold out and offer to Three of the said Creditors the Public Sanction and Security of the Fast India Company, for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of Four Lacks of

Vo l. 3*1.

Pagodas, or such other Sum as they should advance for paying off the Arrears of the said Nabob’s Cavalry; and in Consequence of such Sanction and unquestionable Security I'o offered and pledged (without which the said Loan would not have been made) the said Three Creditors did advance and lend to the said Nabob, on or before the 14th Day of June following, the full Sum of Four Lacks of Pagodas on Four several Bonds, for One Lack of Pagodas each, at the Rate of 12 per Cent, per Annum, which said Sum, and Part of the Current Interest, still remains unpaid; and that, moreover, on the 26th Day of November 1777, as will appear by several Propolklsand Instruments made and signed by the said Nabob, to be communicated to the Governor General and Supreme Council, and to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, and to be carried into Execution under the Auspices of the Company, the said Nabob acknowledged himself to be indebted, and issued Bonds to sundry British Subjects, at the Rate of 12 per Cent, per Annum, to the Amount of about 35 Lacks of Pagodas (w’hich was termed the New Consolidated Loan) for the Repayment of which, with the Current Interest, he, the said Nabob, did then assign the Revenues of certain Districts; and that, soon after, by the Recommendation of the Court of Directors, and the Governor General and Supreme Council of Bengal, the said Nabob withdrew all Alignments of Revenues, and made other Regulations in lieu thereof, for discharging the said Debt, which, through the Necefli-ties of the State, have not produced the intended Effect; and that, in the Beginning of the Year 1781, the Committee of Correspondence of the Court of Directors took up the Consideration of this, as well as the Cavalry Loan, and formed the Outline of an Arj rangement for the Liquidation thereof, but Advices being received, the next Day, of the Invasion of The Carnatic by Hyder Ally, the Proceedings thereon were left in-

complete; and that the Governor General and Supreme Council, and the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, fenlible of the great Sufferings and Distress of the said Creditors, and that no Prohibition to the contrary was issued when the Loan was made, have lately transmitted to the Court of Directors certain Propositions for liquidating the said Debt, which, for Want of Time, have not yet been thoroughly difeufled or adopted; and that the Petitioners, conceiving from the State of the Premises, and by the Propofols made and Steps taked by the Nabob, the Court of Directors, and the Company’s Representatives Abroad, that the Authenticity and Validity of the said Creditors several Claims are fully established, and perceiving, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India, which, as they apprehend, will, by certain Clauses, essentially affect the just Claims and Property of the said Creditors, unless the Clauses relative thereto are altered and amended, do therefore pray the House to give Leave that they may be heard, at the Bar, by Counfet in their Behalf, and to grant such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Receipt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duty. House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, -made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made " in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes,

or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon De- mandand for granting new Stamp Duties on Bilik

of

Supply.

Ditto.

Ways and

Means.

Tou ray’ hat.

Lemsford Mill Roads.

844 18° — 19° Decemhris. 1783.

" of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His M^efiy, be received To* morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, To-motrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resoloed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Baker, and Mr. Dimdale, dp prepare, apd bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Pill to continue and enlarge the Term Kirkby k«. and Powers of an Act* made in the Third Year of the dil11 Road. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road " from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of,

" to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County 01 Lancaster," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County, of " morland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of " Lancaster"

Ordered, That Mr. BraddyU do carry the Pill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 19* die;

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1783.

Pa at e as.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Karnes and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iotituLed, An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Tour ay, without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Planter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of- the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lemford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Corey's Mill, to and from

W dwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the County of

Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and -bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Lawrence Times, being examined, feid. That there is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, the Sum of 4,9001, and upwards, which cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and feme further Powers given; particularly, to prevent the Drivers of Sheep and other Cattle from evading the Tolls at the Gate at or near Welwyn.

Ordered, That Leave be given ta bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Coreys Mill, to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to in the County of

Hertford: And that Mr. Pturner, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are pennar(1 thereunto fobl'cribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, indofore. entitled to Right of Common in certain Moors, Com* mans, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset, was prefeqtetl to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there ere, within the said Parish, several Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, upon which the Petitioners and others claim to be entitled to Right of CommQn, as Owners of Tenements commonly called Old or

Ancient Tenements; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying open and uncultivated, and subject to Treipafles, are of smell Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of great Improvement by Means of a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of West Pennard, in fuefr Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House flmll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Curtis and Mr. Daubeny do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Select Com- East |n(iia mittee. appointed to take into Consideration the State Affairs — of the Administration of Justice* in the Provinces of Adminitira-Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, do lay before this House UoQ"fJultJct' all the Books and Papers which have been produced to the said Select Committee, and not reported on; together with Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence and Proceedings of the said Select Committee, not reported on'.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Laws rda-Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ting to Trans-intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws PomUoHrelating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and-continue the said Act: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, in the room of the Right honourable

William Pitt, who, since his Election for the said

Borough,

Supply Bill;

1. — ntl i ax*

Iiibh P<*t Conveyance.

A M embrr tike* Oaths.

Ir!5 b P0St C ma v cyance.

A'ljimm-

menu

24 Geo. III.

Borough, hath accepted the Offices of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Miijiliy's Exchequer, and of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of llis Majesty's Exchequer.

845

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

190 Decem.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting on Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in (Jrcid Britain, for the Service of the Year One tlionfand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; anil which they had directed him to n port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tho House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cftahiidling certain Regulations, concerning the Poiia je and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Poll 1 retween Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, tire Amendments which the Committee had tnude to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and fobfen’oed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

Tire Yeas went forth.

t h c .1 „ v fThe Lord I Fes t cote. Idlers for the 1 eas, ., *

l_Mr. Ord:

TcUer* forgoes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

j«23.

\ 18.

Then Two Members, Mr. and Mr. Baker,

both riling in their Places to speak, Mr. Speaker called upon Mr. Dundas, as being first in his Eye; but this being disputed in the House, as several Members fuid that Air. Baker was first up;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Baker do now speak.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And Mr. Baker spoke.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday Morning next," in order to insert the Words " Tomorrow, " in order to give an Opportunity of reading the Land " Tax Bill a Third Time, if it shall be then ingrafted," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "

" Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

Vox.. 39.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the House Supply* to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 1 oth Day of October 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Pains and Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for inflicting certain Penalties on Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Rum 0 d’4c and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whillt they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Meml>ers, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of

Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The

East Indies;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Thursday the 24th Day of June next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tel'- Yea, K

Tellers for the Noes, Bafcr. } 8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Friday last, Supply, was directed to be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Tea of the Clock.

10 F

Dovor Small Debts.

.Sums dr*e Irom the K.rift India Cninpany.

American

1 rut !c%

846 1 F Decembris. A. 1783.

Luiuc, 22° die Decembris

Anno 24* Georgii III"* Regis, 1783.

P R A Y E It S.

SIR John Hcnniker reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council Men of the Town and Port of Dovor, in the County of Kent, and of several Gentlemen, Trudcfmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town, and Port; and also, of the several Parities of C/nniton, Back land, River, Coldred,

East and West Langdon, Ringxtoutd, Saint Margaret's at ('{if}', tih if field otl lenv ife Beau*field, Gaston, otiieru ile Huff ham, Caple Lc and and

also Dovor Castle, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the l'oport in hi.- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert West field being examined, said, That the Town and Port Of Dovor, and the adjacent Parishes of Charlton, Badland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, /l ist Langdon, RinSaint Margaret's

at Cliff, iriiijieh! otherwise B Hougham

otherwise Hujf'ham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and the ’Liberty of Dirvor Castle, in the County of Kent, are very pupulous; and that there is a commodious Harbour belonging to the said Tow n and Port, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on within the said Town and Port, and the several Parishes and Liberty aforesaid.

That many Persons within the Limits aforesaid, contract ftnall Debts, and, although able, frequently refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement and ^Difficulties their Creditors lie under, from the great E\*ptnec and Delay in suing for such Debts. — And the Witness further said, He is of Opinion, that if a more speedy and eafv Method of recovering small Debts, ,within the said Town and Port, and the Parishes and Liberty aforesaid, was established, the same would tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor, and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred,

East Langdon, R est Langdon, Saint Margaret's at Cliff]Whitjidd otherwise Beausfield, Gaston,

Hougham otherwise Hujf'ham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the Chunty of Kent: And that Sir John Mr.

Trcvanion, and Mr . Hat Ion, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A MelTuge from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Repys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies;w ithout any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from " Ships belonging to the United States of America, and " to ^i-e to llis Majesty, for a limited Time, certain 03

" Powers fot fhc better carrying oh Trade and Cotnmerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; " without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act B»rrow-to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrow'- f,oun"*fs stounn'ess Navigable Cut or Canal more effectually to Navl°atitin* complete and maintain the fame; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from (Mom*, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Ddtyon each Article, from Christmas 1779 to Christmas 1782, and from Christmas 1782 to Midsummer 1783, which is as far as the same can be made up; together with the Totals of such Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the find Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Earring* of the Persons who have paid the Duty upon Carria ges ^ut7-liable to Excise Duty, for the Years ending 5th July 1781, 1782, and 1783; distinguishing each Year, ®nd mentioning the Places of Abode, the Whole to be placed alphabetically.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Duty oa of the Persons who have paid the Duty upon their Servant*. Servants since that Duty has been placed under the Collection of the Excise, for the Years ending 5th July 1781, 17S2, and 1783; distinguishing each Year, and mentioning the Places of Abode, the Whole to be placed alphabetically.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Account of the Duty on Coals and Culm carried Coast- Coals, Ate. ways in North Britain, for Three Years preceding Christmas 1782; distinguishing what Part thereof is of the Produce of England, and also what Part is levied on the West Side of the Island, and particularly the Proportion of what is levied in the Tilth of Clyde, within the Mulls of Galkrway and Canty re, what: Part to1 the North of the Mull of Ca and what Part within the Mull of Galloway, on what is called The Solway Frith.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fees of Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees, exclusive Custom*. of Stamp Paper, taken upon the Shipping of Coals Coast ways for England, at the Ports of Alloa, Boness,

Kirkaldy, Anstruther, and Preston Pans, in North Britain; also, an Account of the Fees ' taken on the Exportation of Coals at those different Ports, including therein the Vessels,'Intimations, Reports Outward; and also, when they return in Ballast.

Ordered,'That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken on the Exportation of Coals to Ireland, at the Ports ot Ayr, Irvine, and Port Glasgow, in North Britain, ex-elusive of Stamp Paper.

Ordered,

24 Geo. III.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at Whitehaven, on the Exportation of Coals to ex-

clulive of Stamp Paper, but including Intimations, Reports Outward, and Home in Ballast, if such are taken.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at the Ports of Naceastic, Seaton Sluice, and Blyth, upon Coals shipped for London, exclusive of Stamp Paper, and the like upon the Exportation of Coals to Foreign Parts, including Intimations, Reports Outward, and in Iiullaft Home, if such are taken.

’ 847

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co* pies of Tables of Fees taken at all the different Custom House Offices in North Britalent up to Edinburgh by Order of the Board in 1742.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Tables of Fees taken at all the different Custom House Offices in North Britain, sent up to Edinburgh by Order of the Board in 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a propol'ed General Table of Fees for North Britain, sent up by the Commissioners to the Lords of the Treasury for their Approbation, in October 1767.

22° Decembris.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Hates of Custom House Fees taken on the Exportation of Corn at Great Yarmouth, including Intimations, Reports Outward, and Home in Ballast, if such are taken, exclusive of Stamp Taper.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at the Port of Yarmouth^ on ti*e Exportation of Manufactures or other Goods to Holland\ where there are One or more Entries by the same Person, including Intimations and Reports Out and Home in Ballast on the Vessels.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Dispatches arc required, and what Fees arc taken, upon Goods or VeHcls plying on the River or Frith of The Mcrseify within or above what is called The llock, at the Mouth of that Frith only.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Dispatches are required, and what Fees are taken, upon Goods or Vessels plying in the River or Frith of The 11umber, and the Rivers falling into it* within or above The Spurn Point and Grimsby on the opposite bide only.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Lords Cotnmif-lioners of the Trcalhry and the Board of Customs in North Britain, from the Commencement of the Union' downward to 1726* respecting Custom House Fees to be exacted by Officers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Orders given by the Board of Treasury reflecting Custom House Fees to be exacted by Officers, and what Orders were issued in Consequence thereof by the Board at Edinburgh, to the different Officers in North Britain, in regard to their levying Fees.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copy of a Table of I oes for North Britain, agreed upon and signrd by the Commissioners there and the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, for the Convention of Royal; Boroughs, on or about the 14th February 174, and sent to the Board of Treasury for its Approbation at that Time or afterwards.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of any other Tables of Fees sent by the Board in Scotland to its Officers, before the Year 1726.

Ordered, That tltere be laid before this House, Copy of an Order by the Board of Culioms in Scotland to its Officers, dated 27th April 1730, respecting the Fees on Coals carried upon the Rivers Forth and Toy.

Yol. 39.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a proposed General Table of Fees for North Britain, sent up by the Commissioners to the Lords of the Treasury for their Approbation, in 1782.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Tax-,-Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service, of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of , this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Five hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July p. 783, of the Fund eltabl ished for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted lpr the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding, One hundred Si^ty-eight thousand and Nineteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, ,be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established. for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the; Eighteenth Year of the Reign of . His present Majesty, towards the -Supply granted for the Service, of the Year 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-three Thousand Three hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and , Eight Pence, be granted to His; Majesty, to replace, to the Sinking Fund the like,-Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on.jthe 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for.paying Annpi-- ties granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding.Two, hundred and Seven

thousand

State of the Naioo.

Addrest

against

diliolving

Parliament

848 220 Decembris. 1783.

Ihoufond Nine hundred and Nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence, be grunted to His Majesty, to replace to die Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the loth Day of October 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-five thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fecoud Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and Forty-three Pounds Five Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783.

The laid Resolutions being severally read n Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hussey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hussey reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hussey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to represent to His Majesty, That His Majesty s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, think themselves bound in Duty humbly to represent to His Majesty, that alarming Reports of an intended DilTolution of Parliament have gone forth:

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, dutifully acknowledging the Wisdom of the Constitution, in trolling to the Crown that just and legal Prerogative, and fully confiding in His Majesty's Royal Wisdom and Paternal Care of His People, for the most beneficial Exercise of it, desire, with great Humility, to represent to His Majesty the Inconveniences and Dangers which appear to them, from a Consideration of the State of the Nation, likely to follow from a Prorogation or DilTolution of the Parliament in the present arduous and critical Conjuncture of Affairs: The Maintenance of the Public Credit, and the Support of the Revenue, demand the moll immediate Attention: The Disorders prevailing in the Government of The East Indies, at Home and Abroad, call aloud for instant Reformation; and the State of the East India Company’s Finances, from the prelfing Demands upon them, require a no less immediate Support and Assistance from Parliament:

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons are at present proceeding with the utmost Diligence upon these great Objects of Government, as recommended to their Attention by His Majesty’s Gracious Speech from the Throne, but which mult necessarily be fniitrated and disappointed by the Delay attending a DilTolution, and most especially the Affairs of The East Indies, by the afiem-bling of a new Parliament, not prepared by previous Enquiry, to enter, with equal Effect, upon an Object involving long and intricate Details, which His Majesty’s Faithful Commons have investigated, for Two Years pad, with the most laborious, earned, and unremitting Attention.

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, deeply aff fled by these important Considerations, impressed with the highest Reverence and Affection for His Majesty s Person, and anxious to pveferve the Lul’tre and Safety of His Government, do humbly beseech His Mujefiv, to suffer His faithful Commons to proceed on the ihifiness of the Section, the Furtherance of which is l'o essentially necessary to the Prosperity of the Public; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to hearken to the Advice of His Faithful Commons, and not to the l'ecret Advices of particular Persons, who may have private Interests of their own, separate from the true luterel'ts of His Majesty and His People.

And Mr. Hussey moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to represent to His Majesty, That His Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament afi’embled, think themselves bound in Duty humbly to represent to His Majesty, that alarming Reports of an intended DilTolution of Parliament have gone forth.

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, dutifully acknowledging the Wisdom of the Constitution in trusting to the Crow n that just and legal Prerogative, and fully confiding in His Majesty’s Royal Wisdom and Paternal Care of His People, for the most beneficial Exercise of it, desire, with great Humility, to represent to His Majesty the Inconveniences and Dangers which appear to them, from a Consideration of the State of the Nation, likely to follow from a Prorogation or Didblution of the Parliament in the present arduous and critical Conjuncture of Affairs: The Maintenance of the Public Credit, and the Support of the Revenue, demand the most immediate Attention: The Disorders prevailing in the Government of The East Indies, at Home and Abroad, call aloud for inllant Reformation; and the State of the East India Company’s Finances, from the pressing Demands upon them, require a no less immediate Support and Assistance from Parliament. < »

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons are at present proceeding, with the utmost Diligence, upon these great Objects of Government, as recommended to their Attention by His Majesty’s Gracious Speed) from the Throne, but which must necessarily be frustrated and disappointed by the Delay attending a DilTolution, and most especially the Affairs of The East Indies, by the affeinbling of a new Parliament, not prepared, by previous Enquiry, to enter, with equal Effect, upon an Object involving long and intricate Details, which His Majesty’s Faithful Commons have investigated, for Two Years pall, with the most laborious, earnest, and unremitting Attention.

That His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, deeply affected by these important Considerations, impressed with the highest Reverence and Affection for His Majesty’s Person, and anxious to preserv -the Lustre and Safety of His Government, do humbly beseech His Majesty to suffer His Faithful Commons to proceed on the Business of the Session, the Furtherance of which is lb essentially necessary to the Prosperity of the Public; and that His Majesty will be graciously

pleased

4 Geo. III.

plcnfed to hearken to the Advice of His Faithful Common*, anrl not to the secret Advices of particular Per-tons, who may have private Interests of their own fepurate from the true Interests of His Majesty and His People.

Ordered That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Aildress, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Uelblution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hussey, Mr. Frskine, Colonel Fitzpathe Lord,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Byng, Mr. Burke, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Eden, General Commit, Lord John Cavendish,

Mr. Baker, Mr. Ellis, Sir Ralph Payne, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hussey also acquainted the House, That he was dirt fled by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlidor further of the State of the Nation.

Ad-irefs

4«i?olving

Parliament.

Mr. Ilusscy reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up un Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and after-waids delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; ami is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, think ourftjves bound in Duty humbly to represent to Your Majesty, that alarming Reports of an intended Dilsolution of Parliament have gone forth.

Your Majesty's Faithful Commons, dutifully acknowledging the Wisdom of the Constitution in trailing to the Crown that just and legal Prerogative, and fully confiding in Your Majestys Royal Wisdom and Paternal Care of Your People, for the most beneficial I'.xt reife of it, desire, with great Humility, to represent to Your Majesty, the Inconveniences and Dangers which appear to them, from a Consideration of the State of the Nation, likely to follow from a Prorogation or Dilsolution of the Parliament in the present arduous and critical Conjuncture of Affairs: The Maintenance of the Public Credit, and the Support of the Revenue, demand the most immediate Attention: The Disorders prevailing in the Government of the East at Home and Abroad, call aloud for instant Reformation; and the State of the East India Company's Finances, from the pressing Demands upon them, require a no less immediate Support and Assistance from Parliament.

Your Majesty’s Faithful Commons are at present proceeding, with the utmost Diligence, upon these great Objects of Government, as recommended to their Attention by Your Majesty’s Gracious Speech from the Throne, but which mult necessarily be fraf-, trated and difap|K>inted. by the Delay attending a Diff’olution, and most especially the Affairs of The East Indies, by the assembling of a new Parliament, not prepared, by previous Enquiry, to enter, with equal Erica, upon an Object ' involving long and intricate Details, which Your Majestys Faithful Commons have investigated, for Two Years past, with the most laborious, earned, and unremitting Attention.

Your Majesty’s Faithful. Commons, deeply affected by these important Consulcmtions, impressed with the highest Reverence and Affection for Your Majesty’s Person, and anxious to preserve the Lustre and Safety of Your Government, do humbly beseech Your Majesty to fuller Your faithful Commons to proceed on Vol. 39.

the Business of the - SefBon, the Furtherance of which is <b essentially necessary to the Prosperity of the Public; and that Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to hearken to the Advice of Your Faithful Commons, and not to the secret Advices of particular Persons, who may have private Interests of their own, separate from the true Interests of Your Majesty and Your People.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St. Alban’* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ' " ‘ the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, in the room of John Radcliffe, Esquire,

deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Government Morning next, resolve itself into a Committtee of the of East India whole House, upon the Bill for the better Govern- emtones* ment of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies

in India.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hoitfe will, upon Wednesday Reeeipt Duty. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon " Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other " Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand j" and " for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange,

Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties " on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not damped according to Law.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant December, was directed to be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning*

Resolved, That this House will,* upon Wednesday Wayg and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Metuis. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

10 G

Royal

Military

Academy.

230 Decembris. . 1783.

Martis, 23° die Detembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III" Regis, 1783. Praters.

THE Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Expediency of purchasing the late Sir Gregory Page's House and Offices on Black with the Garden,

and Fifty-six Acres of Land, for the Purpose of a Royal Military Academy, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee having examined several Witnesses, in relation to the Matter to them referred, submit the Whole of their Examinations to the Consideration of the House.

Colonel Stchelin, Lieutenant Governor of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, informed your Committee, That the Situation of the Barracks in the Warren is very unhealthy, and, facing the Marshes of , is consequently exposed to very bad Air — That the lower Apartments stand upon the Ground, without any Kitchen or Cellar under them, and they are about Four Feet below the Level of Plunutead Road; and when a South or South-West Wind prevails, the Walls and Staircases on that Side are very damfiahd wet — That the Number of Cadets is Sixty-four, and from the Number that are sick hi the Course of the Year, occasions a great Interruption in their Attendance upon their Studies — That Twenty-two have been ill with Agues within a Twelvemonth, or little ibore; and several of them, though cured, have relapsed, and are so subject to it, as to be every Day convalescent; which he imputes to the Situation of the Place — That none of the Cadets have died at Woolwich during the Si* Years of his Employment — That he ha* been Thirty-seven Years in and about Woolwich — That there are Seventeen Rooms appropriated to the Sixty-four Cadets — That when they are extremely ill, and no Hopes of their getting the better of the Disorder, they are lent to their Friends — That Two have been sent away very lately on Account of bad Health. — Being asked. If any had died in their Absence, Whether a Return would not have been made thereof? he said, He apprehends there would; but does not remember any such Return being ever made — That there are Five Beds in each of the Cadets Rooms. — Being asked, Whether there were other Students betides Cadets? he said, There are about Seven, and loine-times Ten; extra Students — That there are Two Sets of Barracks; the Rooms in the old Barracks measure 17$ Feet by 15I Feet, and the Height is 8f Feet; and the Rooms in the new. Barracks are 9 Feet high — That the Rooms are some upon the Ground, and some above Stairs — That the Barracks of the Cadets are not so healthy as those of the Officers, os being more exposed to the bad Air — That the Barracks are above the Level of the River at High Water — That the Cadets are not permitted to go out of the Warren without Leave or Pafles — That they dine in a Common Hall — That the Establishment has been increased, about a Twelvemonth, from 48 to 64 — That the Officers are not increased, except One additional Master — That there are no additional Buildings for the additional Number — That the Academy is roomy enough, but the Hall is not, there being scarcely Room to Itir — Tjiat thore are Two Academies, an upper one and a lower one — That there is a Lecture Room, that will hardly hold Eight

Persons and the Lc6lurer. — Being asked. Whether he really thought the whole Buildings insufficient for the Purpose of the Institution? he said, He thinks they are. — Being asked, Whether he thought so before the increased Establishment ? he said, He thought it was necessary there should be another Room for the Lefitures and Models — That the Academy was first built under the Direction of the Duke of Montagu, in the Year 1741, when he was Master of the Ordnance, and that it was then approved; and from that Academy the Regiment of Artillery and Engineers were formed, with few Exceptions. — Being asked, Whether he remembers any Time, that the Artillery could not be supplied with Officers? he said, Yes, about Two Years ago there were Twenty or Thirty Vacancies, which could not be supplied. — Being asked. Whether he experienced any Inconvenience from the Rooms being appropriated to other Purposes? he said, Yes, they could not read the Lectures in the Academy, for they must have brought in Models, which there is no Room for — That the present Model, on that Account, is obliged to be drawn uj) to the Cieling, and let down when Lectures are to be read. — Being asked, If there is not a Library there, and Mathematical Instruments, and other Machines necessary for the Institution? and how they were disposed of? he laid. There is not a proper Provision of Rooms for them. — Being asked, Whether, at the Time he mentions the Twenty Vacancies to have been in the Regiment of Artillery, it did not arise from some particular Form in the Establishment, by adding additional Officers ? he laid, It was before that Time. — And being asked, What occasioned those Vacancies ? he said, By an Augmentation during the War in the Companies, they being increased from Sixty to One hundred — That there were Ten Companies, and Four Battalions, and One Officer to each Company.

That People of all Descriptions go into the Warren, and it is not in the Power of the Officers to prevent the Cadets talking to those People — That they wish to prevent that Communication very much, as they think their Conduct and Morals would be better — Being asked. Whether, in Spite of all the Orders to the contrary, the Cadets do not get out sometimes without Leave? he said, Frequently. Being asked, Whether he thought any Discipline would prevent any Irregularity of the young Men, situated as they are in the Town of Woolwich ? he said, He thinks not. — Being asked, Whether there are not Circumstances in the State of the Town of Woolwich, that might lead him to think that* their

Morals may suffer by their getting out into the Town improperly ? he said, He does think so. — Being asked, Whether those Inconveniences, applied in the Three last Questions, would not equally apply to the new House on Black Heath ? he said, He believes the Distance of the new House is about a Mile from and he thinks that Distance is sufficiently great to prevent much an Evil of that Kind. — Being asked. Whether he did dot apprehend that, at Sir Gregory Page's House, it will be more easy to prevent the Access of improper Persons, and more in the Power of the Governor of the Academy to enforce good Order and Discipline, according to the present Regulations ? he said, He thinks it will, from the Circumstance of the whole Institution being in one House, and entirely by itself. — Being desired to inform the Committee, Whether, from his Observations, the Liberty the Cadets have had of mixing with the common People at JVootwich, has in the least Degree prevented the Academy from fending forth Men, that have been in their Profession a Credit to their Country and the Establishment? and whether Complaints have been frequent, that their Manners and Morals have been vitiated hv such Communication? he said, lie does not know it has,

lie

34'Geo. III. 23" Decembrit. 851

he rather thinks it bos net; but it has prevented them from a proper Prosecution of their Studies; and many Complaints have been made with regard to their Mo.-raU during their being the re, which he imputes to the Vicinity of the Town. — Being a iked, Whether he thought the Enforcement of good Order, and preventing them from mixing with the common People at H'ookcich, would not more conduce to the lending forth Men wiio may, in their Profession, do Credit to their Country and the Establishment? he said, Moll certainly. — Being aiked, If he intended to lock them up when at Black Heath ? he laid, No; he thinks they are under too roach Restraint already; but the Situation they are in makes it necessary — That they intend to keep them within the Fifty-six Acres. — Being aiked, What were the Orders at the Warren Gate with respect to the Admilfioo of People into the Warren? he saki, He does not know there are any Orders to restrain People from coming into the Warren; he does not remember a Board of Orders there. — Being ulked, Whether the Diliance from Sir Gregory Pages House, either from Greenwich or,

is not such as to make it much more probable that any irregular Absence will be discovered than in the present Situation? he laid, Most certainly, as U’kh is, lie believes, about a Mile, and about Three. — Being aiked. If lie believed, and was well allured, that there are such Inconveniences in the present Circumstances and Situation of the Academy at Woolwich, as to make it a desirable ObjeQ.

to be removed ? he said. He very much thinks talking aiked. Whether he bad viewed and seen the late Sir Gregory Page's House at Black , and whether be thought it a more desirable Situation, and much better adapted for the Conduct of the Cadets, and all the Purposes of the Academy, than the present Situation ? be said. He had; and thinks it is, on Account of the ill Health of the young Gentlemen, the consequent Interruption of their Studies, the Corruption of their Morals, the Inl'ufficiency of the present Buildings, and the public Utility of the Institution. — Being aiked, Whether any other People live in the Warren besidea the Cadets r he said, Officers belonging to the Infiitution, and Officers belonging to the Artillery. — Being aiked, Whether the Houses of those Officers are better prote&ed from the Inconvenienciee of die bad Air than the Cadets ? be laid. They are healthier, from their not being lo exposed to the Marshes. — Being aiked, Whether the same Reaions which induced him to remove the young Gentlemen from the Warren, would not induce him to remove the Warren also? he laid, From the very Extensive-nels of the Civil Department, and the Works carrying on, he does not know how far it would be possible to remove it, nor can he answer to the Expediency of it — Being aiked. Whether the Cadets do not derive iome Advantage from seeing the different Works going on in the Warren? he said. As they learn the Theory only in the Academy, that practicable Part they will acquire when they come as Officers to the Regiment

Then Your Committee called Captain , In-

spector of the said Academy; who informed them, That he preiides over the Studies of the young Gentlemen, who attend him twice a Day. — Being aiked. Whether the Academy is sufficient to receive the Gentlemen, and to exhibit the necessary Models and Machines for their Instruction, commodiously? he said, The Academy Room only contains the Gentlemen themselves — That they have been only able to introduce One Model, which being of a great Size and Weight, is fiifpended to the Cieling by Pullies, and wound up by Two Men with a Windlass; which is extremely dangerous, ns well as inconvenient — That they have valuable Globes, and many other Instruments for Lectures, which are very improperly situ-Vol. 39.

ated, and divided in different Houses, for Want of Royal a proper Place to contain them — That the Library is Military under his Care; and, for Want of a better Place, Aca^*n,y» many of the Books have grown mouldy — That the Room allotted for Lectures — is but Twelve Feet in the largest Dimensions, which is constantly used once a Week for giving Lectures — That the Room contains about Ten or Twelve People. — And being aiked, If he bad a larger Room, whether he could introduce a larger Number? he laid, Certainly. — Being aiked.

Whether it was found large enough before the Elia-blishment was increased ? he said, He was only appointed at that Time; but understands the Machines were not complete for the Lectures before that Time —

That they have Models, which are kept in the Workmens Shops, for Want of Room. — And being aiked,

Whether those Machines are brought into the Academy at the Time of Lectures? be said, No: the Cadets mull attend them at the Workmens Shops. —

Being aiked, Hew long they had been made ? he said,

Before his Time. — Iking aiked, Whether the Improvement the Cadets had made from the Inspection of those Models must have been in that Way ? he said.

Yes: as far as relates to those Models. — Being aiked.

Whether more Improvement might have been received in a (hotter Time, if those Models had been in a more convenient Situation ? he said, He apprehends there might. — Being aiked, as Inspector of the Corps of Cadets, Whether be conceived, that being removed from the Warren at will not de-

prive the Cadets of very material Information? he said, If they loft any Thing by Removal, in is Opi-, nion, the Advantages they would gun would be far superior.

Your Committee having an Account of all the Savings, either of immediate Expenditure, or on the Annual Establishment, which may be made by the Purchase proposed, according to the Plan of the Board of Ordnance, and an Eli 1 mate of the Expence accruing from the Purchase, laid before them, have inserted it in the Report; and is as follows:

Savings at Woolwich

Granted, in the Estimate 1783, fora Chapel 3,00Q D*, - - for Buildings - 7,000

Deduct for a Sea Store House - 4,200

Remains to be applied to the Academy - 2,800

Allowances now made to Officers for House Rent; viz.

Inspector of the Academy, per Annum - - - £. 30

4 Mailers D°, at 101, per Annum - 40 Comptroller of the Laboratory - 60 Assistant Fire Mailer - - - 30

160

At 5 /. per Cent, on a Capital of - - 4,200

10,00Q

Besides several other Houses and Offices, to be applied to the Department of the Inspector of Artillery, which will save ---- 3,000

£ 13,000

Purchase of the House and Lands, 18,1 co I. Humphry Minchiny

Clerk of the Ordnance.

And Captain Dorset being further examined, was aiked, Whether the Academy, occupied by the Ca-detB at present, can be applied to the Use of a Chapel? he laid. It may — That the Men of the Regiment go to the Parish Church, which is so extremely crowded,

852 $3° Dec. 1783.

Royal that the Inhabitants have often Complained' — Being

Academ "Iked, Whether, If the 2,800l. mentioned in the

Estimate, was laid out upon the Barracks, it would make them sufficient, in all Respects, for the Lodging and Accommodation of the Cadets Company? he laid. He apprehends it would.

That the present Academy is divided into Two Rooms; each Room measures 37f Feet by 27 Feet, and a Passage of 15 Feet — Being asked, If he knew of any Idea of placing the Cadets upon the Hill, and if be knew of any Estimate for that Purpose? he said, He did — That it was in Contemplation; and that Mr. IVyatt, Architect to the Board, said, It would cost upwards of 20,000l. to erect the plainest Building adequate to the Purpose, exclusive of the Purchase of the Ground — but the Witness thinks no Estimate was made out. — Being asked, If he believed, and was well allured, that there are such Inconveniences in the present Circumstances and Situation of the Academy at Woolwich, as to make it a desirable Object to be removed ? he said, He very mpch thinks so. — Being asked, If he bad viewed and seen the late Sir Gregory Page's House on Black , and if he thought it a more desirable Situation, and much better adapted for the Conduct of the Cadets, and all the Purposes of the Academy, than the present Situation ? be said. He had; and thinks it is a more desirable Situation, for the Reasons given in Colonel Answer to the same Question. — And the Witness being asked the Question, said, That there is a Room in Sir Gregory Page's House more fit for their Purpose than in the present Academy; and that he thought the general Arrangement, necessary to be made in the new House, will not exceed 500 /.

Your Committee then called Doctor James Irwin; who informed them, That he had attended the Gentlemen of the Academy at Woolwich Forty Years — That Twenty Years ago the Cadets were in Lodgings in the Town, before the Barracks were built; at which Time they were more healthy than they have been since the Barracks have been built — That there were very few Cadets then; about Forty, and afterwards increased to Forty-eight — That he had made a Memorandum of the State of their Health for the last Three Years; viz.

In 1781, there were 68 Sick.

In 1782, — — 66

In 1783, — — 50

That many of them, though cured, have frequently

relap fed, Six or Seven Times in the Year — That the Number the Academy confided of in 1781, when 68 are stated to be sick, was only 48. — Being asked. Why he thought the Air worfc in the Warren than in the Town of Woolwich? he said, Because nearer the Marshes; and the North-East Wind blows upon them, which brings on Agues. — Being asked, Whether he thought their Sickuels arose in any Degree from the small Dimensions of their Rooms, and the Number of Gentlemen lying in such Rooms respectively? he said. Certainly, there are too many in a Room, Being asked, How many upon an Average lie in a Room ? he said, From Four to Five; and that they spend their lime in those Rooms, when not at their Study. — Being asked the Question, he said, There are more Houses in Woolwich now than formerly, but cannot say the Gentlemen can be lodged in it — That there are Seventeen Rooms in the Barracks, and Sixty-four Cadets — That he believes there are other Students besides Cadets. — Being asked, What Accommodation the Cadets have when they are ill ? he laid, There is an Hospital, consisting of Two Rooms; and when the Beds are down there is scarce Room to move — That he has not had any die; when they are very ill, they are sent to their Friends; and if any die, a Return would be made of their Deaths; but he does not remember any Instance of it — Being

asked, If he had any Instances of Gentlemen returning well? he said, Yes; and of their relapsing again, Six or Seven Times in the Year. — Being asked, If Agues were ever fatal, or cured by Change of Air ? he said.

Not fatal; often cured by Change of Air. — That the Expence of Medicine is considerable, and would be avoided by removing to Black Heath. — Being asked,

If the Cadets were brought up hardy ? he said, They are. — Being asked, Whether he has known many Soldiers, whole Constitutions have been shakened by Agues, and rendered unfit, for ever, for Service ? he said, He has, great Numbers. — Being asked. If he believed and was well allured, that there are such Inconveniences in the present Circumstances and Situation of the Academy at Woolwich, as to make it a desirable Object to be removed? he said, He thinks so certainly. — Being asked, Whether he had viewed and seen the late Sir Gregory Page's House on Black Heath; and whether he thought it a more desirable Situation, and much better adapted for the Conduct of the Cadets, and all the Purposes of the Academy, than the present Situation? he laid. He had not viewed it, but the Air is much better — That he has had 15 or 16 sick at a Time at W;put now he has only Four, this not being the sickly Sealbn. — Being asked, If he could tell the Nature of the Disease ? he said, They are intermittent — That feme have been ill Three Months — That he does not put their Names upon the Sick Lift, until they come into the Hospital — That sometimes Barracks are converted into Hof-pitals.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do, in Duty on the Lifts which were Yesterday ordered to be laid before this House, of the Names of the Persons who have paid the feverat Duties upon Carriages and Servants, distinguilli the Number of Carriages and Servants for which each Person has paid the said Duties.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Lemsford Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Mill ltoad*. an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mill,

through Welwynmid Stevenage, and by Corey's Mill, to

Hichin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Land Tax. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Kirkby Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Kendall an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His Roaiii* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from " Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, to " Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Treasurer of the Household reported to the Kingap-House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon, Pomt* pursuant of the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint

to

State of tke

dllOQ.

Government of £aft India Territories.

Receipt

Duty,

Supply#

Ways and Mt*ns#

Answer to Addicfs

a4GE6.Hl. ^3" — 24° Decembris. 833

to be attended To-mdreow, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

>" ’ j.

Mercurii, 24° die Decembris;

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1783.

Pl'A.T E HI.

THE Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Poflt flions and Dependencies in India.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An 4‘ Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, *r payable otherwise than upon Demand and for " granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

that I shall not interrupt your Meeting, by any Exercise of My Prerogative, either of Prorogation, or Dif-: solution.

Mr; Eden, frotn the Select Committee, appointed Smuggling, id enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made feme Progrefe in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with a Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue have increased in a most alarming Degree; that those Practices are carried on upon the Coasts, and in other Parts of this Kingdom, with a Violence and with Outrages which not only threaten the Destruction of the Revenue, but are highly injurious to regular Commerce and fair Trade, very pernicious to the Manners and Morals of the People, and an Interruption of all good Government; that the more secret illicit Practices in the internal Excise of this Kingdom, have also greatly increased; that the Public Revenue is defrauded to an Extent of not leis than Two Millions per Annum; and that these Enormities, and great National Lodes, well deserve the earliest and most serious Attention of Parliament.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January next.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- 'Edinburgh posed, that Mr. Soeaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCling of a Commissioner to l'erve in this present Parliament or the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, w ho, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy*

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis - Royal Assent Post Meridiem. . neux, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod: to Bills.

. Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House The King commands this Honourable House to

attended His Majesty, this Day, with their Adarefs; attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Peers.

Gracious Answer: Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went

up to attend His Majesty.

Gentlemen, . And being returned;

It has been My constant ObjcCl to employ the Au- Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had dt-thority entrusted to Me by the Contiitution to its true tended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where and only End, the Good of My People; and I am His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to always happy in concurring with the Wi(hes and Opi- the several Public and Private Bills following; nions of My -Faithful Commons. I agree with you in An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty thinking that, the . Support of the Public Credit and certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, arid Perry,

Revenue inuft demand your most earned and vigilant for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-Care. The State-of The East Indies is also an Object dred and Eighty-four. v ~

of as much Delicacy and Importance as can exercise An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a

the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament. I trust you Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-

will proceed in these Considerutions with all conve- vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

nient Speed, after such an Adjournment as the present Eighty-four.

Circuinltances may seem to require j and I assure you. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act Vox.. 69. , 10 H made

0

A

Edinburgh

Writ.

Iloniton

Writ.

St. Germans Writ.

Wallingford

Writ.

Clifton 1 lurtrnouth Hard nds WnL

854 240 Decentbris. 1783*

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Charles , Esquire, who, since his Election for " An Act for preventing certain Inltiuments from the said Borough, hath accepted the Office ol One of " being required from Ships belonging to the United the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord " States of America; and to give to' His Majesty, for High Admiral of Great Britain. u a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying

" on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects O That Mr. Speaker do iffite his Warrant Cirencester " of His Majesty 3 Dominions and the Inhabitants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out-a new Writ WnU " of the said United States." for the defiling of a Burgess to serve in this present

An Act to continue so much of an Afit, made in Parliament, for the Borough of in the

the last Seffiop of Parliament, as allows further Time County of Gloucester in the room of the Honourable for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become Henry Bathurst, commonly called Lord. Apslty, who, due, to the Public, from the United Company of Mer- since his Elefilion for the said Borough, hath accepted chants of England trading to The East Indies the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing

Ah Afit for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. an Afil, pulled in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Or, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Bath Writ. Road from Shiliingford, in the County of Oxford, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

thrugh Wallingford and Pang borne, to Reading, in the for the defiling of a Citizen to serve in this present County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of

River Thames at or near ShillingJ'ord Ferry. Somerset, in the room of the Honourable John Jeffreys

An Afil to continue and enlarge the Term and Pratt, who, since his Elefilion for the said City, hath Powers of an Afil, made in the Third Year of the accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Afil executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great " for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Britain.

" the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of

" Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of An ingrossed Bill for establishing certain Regulations Irish Poll " Lancaster." concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Conveyance

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, the Burromtounness Navigable Cut or Canal more was read the Third Time.

effefitually to complete and maintain the fame. An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

An Act for naturalizing John Christian Splitgerber Bill, by way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Rates of and Sebastian Fridag. . Postage, and Manner of fending Votes and Proeeed-

An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray. ings in Parliament, and News-Papers, between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House for the elefiting of a Commissioner to serve in this to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder, present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the Then the Amendment following was proposed to room of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, who, since be made to the Bill; viz. his Elefilion for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office Pr. 4. 1.15. To leave out the last Clause. of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

put thereupon, agreed to by' the House; and the Bill Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant was amended at the Table accordingly, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title for the elefiling of a Burgess to serve in this present he, An Afil for establishing certain Regulations con-Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County cerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and of Derow, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ire-George Yonge, Baronet, who, since his Election for the land.

said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Ordered, That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Secretary at War. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant The Order made this Day, for the House to refoive state «f the

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Three Nation,

for the electing of a Burgess -to serve in this present of the Clock this Afternoon, to consider further of the Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the State of the Nation, being read;

County of Cornwall ,in the room of Edxoard James The House relblved itfelt into the said Committee.

Eliot, Esquire, who, since his Elefilion for the said Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Mr. Hussey took the Chair of the Committee.

Commissioners for executing die Office of Treasurer of Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

His Majesty’s Exchequer. Mr. Hussey reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Itesolution; which they had directed Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant him to report, when the House will please to receive

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ the fame.

for the elefiling of a Burgess to serve in this present . Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Parliament for the Borough of IVallingford, in the Mr. Hussey accordingly reported from the said Com- Acceptance

County of Berks, in the room of John Aubrey, Esquire, mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had direfited ofliilUdrawn

who, since his Elefilion for the said Borough, hath him to report to the House; which lie read in his lroni 1, Klw' accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty‘s Table: Where the same was read; and is os followeth;

Exchequer. viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant That the Commissioners of the Treasury ought not to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ to give their Consent to the Acceptance of any Bills for the elefiting of a Burgess to serve in this present drawn, or to be drawn, from until it lb a II be

Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth made to appear to this House, that sufficient Means Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of can be provided for the Payment of the lame, when 04 they

55

24 Geo. III. 240 —

they respectively fall due, by a regular Application of the clear Effects of the Company, after discharging in their regular Course the Customs and other Sums due to the Public, and the current Demands upon the Company, or until this House shall otherwise direct.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A-Mrrv — Mr. Hussey also reported from the said Committee, Chancellor of That he was directed by the Committee to make a Liuicluier. Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hussa/ accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased not to grant the Office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, for any other Term than during Pleasure, before the 20th Day of January next

And Mr. Hussey moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased not to grant the Office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, for any other Term than during Pleasure, before the 20th Day of Jattuary next.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Hussey also acquainted the House, That he was direct fed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Sate of the Nation.

The other Orders of the Day being read i Government Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-nf Kart India night, the 12th Day of January next, resolve itself 1 erntones, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Pof-sessions and Dependencies in receipt Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-

Cuty. night, the 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promillbrv and other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties " on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-

night, the 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wav* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-Mcojw. night, the 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 59.

Veneris, 26° die Decembris;

Anno i24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1^83.

PrA T E RS.

RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Hindoo Writ rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, in the room of Lloyd Kenyon,

Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Newtown to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wm-for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Pepper Arden,

Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Port-Pigham to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port-Pigham, alias West Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir William James, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant £att Loo« to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Buller Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant. Richmond to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable James Graham, commonly called Marquis of Graham, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, bath accepted the Office of One *of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Dunheved to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheoed, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Charles George Perceval, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Ludgershall to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludsershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land i.. venue.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Buckingham to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve io this present Parliament

Adjourn-

mtnu

Old S&nxm Writ,

Lord Steward's Depu* t&tion.

8S6

Parliament for the 6orough and Parish of hamu in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Honourable William Wyndham Grenville, who, fmce his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath excepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday the 12th Day of January next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Pitt, Esquire,

A. 1783*

now Baron Camelford, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Westbury to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ-for the electing of a Burgess to ferre in this present Parliament for the Borough of W in the County of Wilts, in the room of Samuel Esquire,

who, fmce his Election for the said Bo'rougbj hath accepted the Office of Secretary and Register of His Majesty’s Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

And then the House adjourned till the 12th

Day of January uext, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

6° Decemb.

CjtAMES Duke of Chandos, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, and One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable William Pitt, the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish, the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, the Right honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, the Right honourable Isaac Barrt, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, the Right honourable Earl Nugent, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Earl Verney, the Right honourable Lord George Cavendish, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Bateman, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Hinchingbrooke, the Right honourable

Lord Charles Spencer, the Right honourable Thomas Harley, the Right honourable Charles Townshend, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, the Right honourable William Eden, the Right honourabe Frederick Montagu, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Anthony Bacon, John Ehces, Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Baronet, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, William Chaytor, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Sir John Eden, Baronet, Sir John Thorold, Baronet Daniel Parker Coke, Andrew Stuart, Sir George Warren, Knight of the nw>ft honourable Order of the Bath, Francis Annesley, Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, Henry Duncombe, William Baker, Martin Fonnereau, John Ord, Sir William Au-gustusCunynghame, Baronet,

Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, John Baring, William Adam, the Honourable George Augustus North, Lord Viscount Mahon, George Onslow, Sir Edward Astley, Baronet, John Darker, Sir James Cockburne, Baronet, Sir William Dotbcn, Baronet, Thomas Steele, Robert Vyner, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, Sir William Jjenwn, Baronet, Thomas Gilbert, Richard Jackson, Eduard Movant, Thomas William

Thomas Benny Bramston, George Dempster, John Creue, Humphry Sihthorpe, Thomas Urde, William Lygon, Sir

Charles Gould, // ill 1 am Drake, Junior, d/de, Francis Eyre, John 11 tikes, Clement Tudzcay, John Jtolle, James Mansfield, If 'il

Henry Hartley, II Ilham Morion , Abel Sir

Richard Hotham, Bomber Gascoyne, Junior, Sir Watkin Lewes, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, the honourable Charles Marsham, Francis Page, John Strutt, Archibald

Macdonald, Richard Hopkins, Dudley Long, Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet, Sir George Cornwall, Baronet, William Pturner, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet, Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, John Robinson, Jervoise Clarke Jcrooise, Lord Viscount Duncamon, Sir Charles Barrow, Baronet, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, William Wilber force, Lord Viscount Maitland, Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, Sir Richard Hill, Baronet, lxjrd Viscount Lewisham, Charles Brett, Jacob Wilkinson, Robert Gregory, Edward Eliot, Charles Mellish, the Earl of Surrey, John Parry, Robert Mackreth, Lloyd Kenyon, William Hussey, Ambrose Goddard, Thomas Lucas, Thomas Staunton, William Praed, Philip Yorke, Thomas Whitmore, William Masterman, John Webb, James Murray, Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet, Eilmer Honywood, Thomas Stanley, John Kenrick, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Charles Penruddock, Henry Strachey, Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, Nathaniel Newnham, Samuel Salt, Gabriel Steward, George Graham, Lord Newhaven, William Charles Sloper, Charles , Sir

Walter Rawlinson, Lord Westcote, George Ross, and Robert Smith, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administet the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all " Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling " and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirty-first Day of October 1780, and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the " Election of Members to serve in the House of

" Commons for that Part of Great Britain called

Answer to AdtireU.

A <lri»i nil 1 lujtie*’ Anl'wer to Thanks.

24 Geo. III. 1 a0 Januarii.

1

,f Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the " Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons " of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be " elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House " of Commons," according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be cholen a Member to l’erve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or thall not, be present at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons, giving them, my

said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Teliimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Thirtieth Day of December, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, vend Ireland, King,* I Defender of the

Faith, <§fc. Annoque Domini 1783.

Chandos. (l. s.)

Luna, 12* die Januarii; Anno 24* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Grerillcreported to the House, That their

Addrets of the 24th of December last (that 11 is M ij. -l'ty would be graciously pleased not to grant the Ollice of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, for any other Terra than during Pleal’ure, before the 20th Day of this Instant January) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was graciously pleased to say, That He will comply with the Wilhes of ilis Euithlul Commons.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from Vice Admiral Sir Edward Hughes, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Commodore Richard King, the following Letters, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to them by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 17th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament:

Superb, in Madras Road, lft September 1783.

Sir,

I hud the Honour to receive, Two Days ago, by His Majesty’s Ship Crocodile, your very obliging letter of the lSth December, inclosing the Vote of Thanks of the Honourable House of Commons to me, for the im|)ortant Services performed by the Squadron under my Command in The East Indies, on the 17th of February, and 12th of April, of the last Year; and also the Vote of Thanks of the same Honourable House to Commodore Richard King, the Captains, Officers, and Seamen of the Ships under my Command at that Time.

I tfteem myself greatly obliged to you. Sir, by the very polite and friendly Manner in which you have been pleased to communicate the Vote of Thanks of the Honourable House to me and the brave Men who served with me on those Days; and, as I really want Words to express the strong Scnic 1 entertain of the great Honour conltrrcd on me by that Honourable House, I earnestly reqtuTt you will, Sir, be pleased to express in the belt Manner, my sincereft Gratitude to tire Vo l. 30.

Honourable House of Commons, for the very great Honour they have been pleased to do me, and their favourable Acceptation of my Services.

I remain, with great Regard and Respect, Sir,

Your most obedient.

Humble Servant,

Edward Hughes.

The Right honourable Charles I Vols ran Cornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons.

Hero, it Madras, September lft, 1783.

Sir,

The Approbation of my Country, signified to me Commodore in your Letter of the 12th of December 1782, hath imprefied me with the deepest Sense of Gratitude and Thank*. Respect; and I shall ever regard it as the most fortunate Period of my Life, that my Endeavours to do my Duty in the Service of my King and Country in The East Indies, on the 17th of , and 12th

of April, 1782, have been deemed worthy of such public and recorded Testimony as the Thanks of the Honourable House of Commons.

Permit me. Sir, to make my Acknowledgment to you, for the very obliging Manner . in which you have been pleased to communicate the Sense of the House to me.

I have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient, and

Most hundble Servant,

R. King.

The Right honourable Charles

Wolf ran Cornwall, Speaker

of the House of Commons.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- State of the poled, That the Orders of the Day be now read; NatioB.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 24th Day of December last, of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Answer to the Address of this House of the 22d Day of the same Month, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put; That the Orders of the Day be now read;

10 I The

Hesolutions rcfj>eding Application 0I He venue.

Issues for Naval and Army Services.

Forming an Adnunistration.

Making use of the King's Name.

12° Jamarit. A. 1784

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp /* . -\j f The Lord 1 ~ _

Tellers for the Yeas,[ Mr B)ng . jW-

Tellers for the Noes,{ SnM. } 93-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

The House resolvfed itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hussey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Hussey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hussey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion «f this Committee, Tlat, for any Person or Persons in His Majesty’s Treasury, or in the Exchequer, or in the Bank of England, or for any Person or Persons whatsoever employed in the Payment of Public Money, to pay or direct or cause to be paid, any Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the Support of Services voted n the present Session of Parliament, after the Parliament shall have been prorogued or dissolved, if it shall be prorogued or dissolved before any Act of Parliament shall have passed appropriating the Supplies to such Services, will be a high Crime and Misdeameanour, a daring Breach of a Public Trust, derogatory to the fundamental Privileges of Parliament, and subversive of the Constitution of this Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid before the House, Accounts of the several Sums of Money issued, or ordered to be issued, from the 19th Day of December 1783, to the 12th Day of January 1784, inclusive, to any Person or Persons, towards Naval Services, or for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, or to the Secretaries of His Majesty’s Treasury, or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, or in any other Manner whatever, for and towards Services voted in the present Session of Parliament, but not yet appropriated, by any Act of Parliament, to such Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the present Situation of His Majesty’s Dominions, it is peculiarly necessary that there should be an Administration which has the Confidence of this House and the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late Changes in His Majesty’s Councils were immediately preceded by dangerous and univerlal Reports, that His Majesty’s Sacred Name had been unconftitutionally abused, to afifeft the Deliberations of Parliament; and that the Appointments made were accompanied by Circumstances new and extraordinary, and such as do not conciliate or engage the Confidence of this House.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ob

Mr. Hussey also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for1 the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be read a Second Time upon Monday the 23d Day of February next.

And Mr. Hussey moved the House accordingly. Poflponing

Ordered, That the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny Bill. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be read a Second Time upon Monday the 23d Day of February next

Mr. Hussey likewise acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Six of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-' Government night, the 26th Day of this Instant January, resolve of Raft India itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Territories. Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Pof-sessions and Dependencies in India.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Receipt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duty. House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp " Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory " Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than " upon Demandand for granting New Stamp Duties " on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes,

" and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply, ing, resolved itself into Yi Committee of the wh»le House, to consider further of the Supply granted to H.is Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Ways and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, ito consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Message from House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to the King — this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented Deffian the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. roopi’ Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered): and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that the Two last Divisions of Hessian Troops, which were employed in America in the Service of Great Britain, not having arrived in The Downs, the Place of their Rendezvous, until the setting in of the Frost in the River Weser had made it impracticable for them to proceed immediately to the Place of their final Dcftination; His Majesty has found it unavoidably necessary to order the said Troops to be disembarked, and to be stationed in the Barracks at Hilsea, Dover, and Chatham; and at the same Time has given Directions, that they shall be re-embarked and sent Home as soon as the IVeser is navigable, every necessary Preparation for that Purpose having, by His Majesty’s Orders, been already made. , „

Resolved,

T

4

Addrest

thereon.

Adjourn-

ment.

London Writ.

Aldborough

Writ.

Bmmcote Odd House Hoad.

24 Geo. III.

1 a* — 14 %J

859

Resolved, Nemine eontradicenle, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks, of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty’s Message to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved ', That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elccting of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of Frederick Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Curgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of Charles Mellish, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in tho. County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14* die Januarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III"' Regis, 1784.

P B A Y E R S.

A PETITION of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odd

" House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Crols " Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trcar ell, " in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham,"whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Road therein described, but find that several of the Powers granted by the said Act are defective, hnd require Amendment; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, which still remain due, and the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Money now due on the Credit of the Tolls be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall fectn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Eduard Bentinck, Mr. Vox.. i!9.

Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mastemum reported from the Committee, to York whom the Petition of Sir James Winter Lake, Baronet ®u,ldin8» George Ross, George Drummond, Samuel Hillier, eium*?* George Holland, Joseph Faikney, Esquires, and the . Reverend James Liptrott, Clerk, on Behalf of themselves and of all others the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz,

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, your Committee find. That by an Act made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for incorporating " the Proprietors of the Water Works in York Buildtags, and for encouraging their carrying on and " settling the said Water Works," the said Governor and Company were incorporated, and enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Goods, and Chattels, to them and their Successors, and give, grant, demise, alien, and dispose of their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, and do and execute all other Things, by Name of Incorporation, that to them should appertain, and to use a Common Seal to serve for all their Business; and the said Act appointed a Governor, and Six of the said Company, to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company.

And it appeared, b^ an original Subscription Roll, produced to your Committee by Mr. Lloyd, who informed your Committee that he had the same from Mr. Beaver, the Representative of Mr. Webb, who bad been many Years Solicitor for the Company,

That at a General Court of the said Company, held the 27th of October 1719, it was, among other Things, ordered, That the Company would open a Subscription at Mercer’s Hall, London, for raising a Stock of 1,200,000l. for the purchasing forfeited and other Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives, for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock; which was immediately put in Execution, and several Persons subscribed, to the Amount of 1,200,000l. and paid in 10/. per Centum of the Sum subscribed; and the said Resolution for raising the said Joint Stock of 1,200,000l.

was ordered to be carried into Execution, by purchasing Estates forfeited, or otherwise, in Great Britain.

And by an Office Copy of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, made in a Cause, wherein divers Persons, on behalf of themselves and all others Creditors' of the Company, were Plaintiffs, the said Governor and Company, and others, were Defendants; and, by a Report of a Committee of this House, made on a Petition of several Creditors of the said Company, on the 21st Day of February 1777, it appeared, that the said Governor and Company, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain " and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of " the Public, " (which Act was produced tQ your Committee) purchased of the Commissioner, and Trustees appointed by the said Act several forfeited Estate* in Scotland, and also divers Manors, Lands,

and

86o 14° Januarii. J. 1784.

York and Hereditaments in , of the Yearly

Building* Value of 2,684/. which became forfeited to the Crown Eitutes"^ by l*ie Attainder of Lord Wtddrington, and for all

J es‘ which the said Governor and Company agreed to pay

308,093/. 14$. 7 d.; and by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, it appeared, that the said Governor and Company were empowered to fell or encumber the said Estates so purchased, or to be purchased, with any Debts or Incumbrances in Law or Equity, as any others might do who had Estates in Fee Simple; and also, had Power given to them to grant Rent Charges to the

Yearly Value of such Estates, and no further; and to

enable the Company to pay, for the Use of the Public, the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, they were impowered to raise such Sum as should be necessary for that Purpose, by calling in or directing the same to be paid by their respective Members, according to their respective Interclts in the Stock of the said Governor and Company. And it also appeared, by a Clause in an Act of the Seventh of George the First, that it was enacted, that for the better enabling the Company to raise and pay to Government the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, the said Company might grant and fell Rent Charges and Annuities to the lull Extent of such Estates so purchased, by way of Lottery; and, that any Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in that Method might purchase such Annuities of the said Governor and Company.

And by the Office Copy of the said Decree, and the said Report, it appeared, that, pursuant to the said several Acts, the said Governor and Company granted . everal Annuities for the Lives of the respective Annuitants in the several Grants named, or their Nominees, to the Amount of 12,000l. per and for

securing the Payment thereof, issued Bonds to the Annuitants, with a Clause of Entry and Distress on the said Company’s Lands, on Failure of Payment of the said Annuities.

That by Indenture, bearing Date the 26th Day of August 1725, between the Governor and Company of the one Part, and divers Persons therein named, on behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Annuities or Rent Charges payable by the said Company, who should become Parties to the said Indenture, of the other Part, the said Governor and Company covenanted with the Proprietors, that they would, within Twelve Months, procure from the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates, one or more Conveyances of all the Honors, Manors, and Lands in Scotland; and that, immediately after, they would execute such Conveyances to such Persons as should be appointed by the said Proprietors, or a Majority of them, of all their Manors and Lands in Scotland, to be limited to such Trustees, and the Heirs of the Survivor, in Trust, and for the Use of the Company, until Default should be made in Payment of any Annuity or Rent Charge belonging to the said Parties, or who should thenafter become Parties, and whole Annuity or Rent Charge had been granted by the said Company; and after any Dcfuult in Payment of the said Annuities, then to the Use of such Persons who were or should be entitled to such Annuities, till the fame, and all the Arrears, with Costs, should be fully paid and satisfied; and after such Payment made, then to the Use of the said Company and their Assigns for ever.

That by Deed, dated the 13th of October 1727, the said Company did convey to certain Persons therein named, Trustees for the said Annuitants, their several Manors and Estates in Scotland, and all the Company's Right thereto, provided that the said Annuitants or Trustees should not eater into Possession thereof, or

sue for the fame, unless on Default of Payment of the said Annuities.

And it appears, by another Report of a Committee of this House, made on the 1.5th Day of April 1735, to whom the Petition of Esther Crull, and others, was referred, that the Governor and Company neglecting to pay the said Annuities, the Trustees for the Annuitants, in 1732, entered into Possession of all the Manors and Estates in Scotland, which, in the Year 1734, amounted

to the Net Annual Rent of 9,767/. 15$.; and

it thereby appears, that the Annuities, on the 2d of December 1734, amounted to the Yearly Sum of 9,168/. 5 s.;so that, at the Time of the Trustees hr ft entering into Possession of the said Estates, the Rents were more than sufficient to pay the Annuities, by the Sum of 599/. 10$. 3 id.

And it appears by the said Office Copy of the said Decree, that at a General Court of the said Company, held the 2ill of September 1724, it was resolved, that each Proprietor of Stock should transfer Half his Stock to the Company, in lieu whereof they agreed to give to the Proprietors Bonds payable Seven Years after Date, at 4/. per Centum, valuing the Stock at 131.per Centum, exclusive of the Two Dividends then lately paid thereon; and, at another Court, held the 21st of October 1724, confirming the fame, the Proprietors transferred Half their Stock to Two of the Company’s Servants, in Trust for the said Governor and Company; and that thereupon the Governor and Company issued out Bonds or Bills, Penal Receipts, or Slips, entitling to such Bonds, amounting to 71,206/. 1 s.6 d. to the several Persons who transferred their Stock, in Payment for the Half . Stock transferred to the Company; which said Bonds were made‘payable to One of the Company’s Servants, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and made assignable by Indorsement thereon; and the said Bonds or Slips thereby became and were negociable in Exchange Alley, in like Manner as South Sea and East India Bonds now are. And that the several Creditors who were possessed of the said Bonds-so issued in 172:4, being, in 1731, very pressing and desirous to be paid the Interest then due on such Bonds, which was in Arrear for several Years, and the Principal on such Bonds being nearly due and payable, the Company, in October 1731, agreed to open a Subscription for railing 100,000l. for discharging the Company’s Bonds, the Principal and Interest whereof then amounted to 80,000 /.

And that accordingly, by Indentures of Lease and Rcleale, dated the 17th and 18th of January 1731 (the Original of which were produced to your Committee) and made between the Governor and Company on the one Part, and Sir William Billers, John Lawton, and, Nicholas Paxton, Esquires, of the other Part, they the said Governor and Company, did bargain fell, release, and confirm to the said Sir William Billers, and the other. Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, the several Honours,. Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Scotland, therein set forth, which were purchased of the Cominiffiouers and Trustees of the forfeited Estates, by the Company; and also, all the several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Northumberland, late the Estate of the late Lord Widdrington, also purchased by the said.

Company, and all other the Estates of the said Company in Great Britain, purchased of the said Commissioners and Trustees; subject nevertheless, as to the said Estates in Scotland, at all Times, to the Payment of the Annuities granted by the said Company, and wherewith the said Company’s Estates in Scotland were then chargeable, to hold the said Honours, Manors, Lands, and Premises, as well in England as Scotland, fbhjcft, as aforesaid, to the said Sir William Billers, and the other Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, upon 06 Trust,

24 Geo. III. 14° Januarii. 861

Trust, that they or the Survivor, or the Heirs of of the said Deed of Trust and Subscription, and had York such Survivor, should, out of the Rents of the said the like Bonds delivered to them as a Security for the ^u,ld,nS* Premises, or by Sale or Mortgage thereof or of any Sums by them subscribed and lent, by which Means '

Part thereof, or otherwise, raise such Sums as should Bonds to the Amount of 100,000l. blued out under Seal in the First Place be sufficient to pay Half-yearly the of the said Company, which Bonds afterwards became Interest of all and every the Bonds to be given under negotiable.

the Seal of the Company, to the several Subscribers And that, subsequent to the said 25th Day of March to the Proposals annexed to the said indenture, till 1732, divers Calls were made on Proprietors of Stock the Principal Money due on such Bonds should be- belonging to the Company; and in lieu of the Sums come due and payable; and in Default of Payment of paid in consequence of such Calls, the Company issued the said Principal, when due and payable, by the Com- Bonds to the several Persons who answered such Calls pany, that then the said Trustees and their Heirs to a very considerable Amount, and other Bonds were might, by Sale of the said Estates, or any Part there- issued by the Company in consequence of Sums advanced of, or of the Reversion thereof (subject to the De- to the Company, and for other Considerations; all which mands of the said Annuitants) raise Money, and pay Bonds thereby became Debts of the Company, and off the said Principal and Interest due on the said affecting their Estates and Properties.

Bonds till paid, and after Payment of the said Prin- And it appeared by the Office Copy of the said cipal and interest, and all Cods, Damages, and Ex- Decree, That no Part of the Principal Money or In-pences whutfoeyer, which the said Trustees, or the said terest, due on the Bonds so issued by the Company as Subscribers, or any of them, might necessarily be put to aforesaid, having been paid, divers Persons, Creditors on Account of the said Trust, then as to all such Parts of the said Company, on Behalf of themselves and all of the said Honors, Manors, Lands, and Premises, us others the Creditors of the said Company, exhibited a should remain untold, in trust lor the said Company and Bill in the High Court of Chancery against the said their Successors for ever. Governor and Company, the Trustees for the said

And it appeared by the Office Copy of the Decree, Annuitants, and also the Trustees for the Creditors, and the Evidence of Mr. Lloyd, who has been con- under the Deed of Trust of the 18th January 1731 > cerned for several Years past as Solicitor for the Cre- for Payment of their Principal Money and Interest ditors of the said Company, That at a General Court due from the said Company; and the Defendants of the said Company, held the 10th of March 1731, having severally put in their Answers to the said Bill, it was agreed, That all the Arrears of Interest due on the said Cause came on to be heard before the Lord such Old Bonds or Slips, should be added to the Prin- Chancellor on the 24th of October 1740,

cipal due on such Bonds, and that New Bonds should when his Lordship pronounced his Decree, and gave issue for the whole Principal and Interest; and it was several Directions for taking an Account of the Debts then declared, that 70,000l. had been already lub- under the Deed of Trust of the 18th January 1731; feribed, and that the Interest of the said Bonds then and it was ordered, That the Master should take an amounted to 14,000l. which would reduce the Sur- Account of what was due to the several Judgment plus wanted to compleat the said Subscription to Creditors of the Company, and that all the other Cre-16,00c/. which might be left for such Proprietors of ditors of the said Company should be at Liberty to Bonds as should exchange their Old Bonds for New come before the said Master and prove their respective Bonds on the Foot of the said Subscription: And at Debts; and the Consideration of all further Directions a General Court, held the 24th of March 1731, it wras reterved until after the said Matter should have was resolved, That the said Subscription should then made his Report

be cloftd, but that the Proprietors of Bonds and Slips And Mr. Lloyd informed your Committee, That should notwithstanding be at Liberty to exchange them the said Cause was no further proceeded in than for New Bonds on the Foot of the said Subscription, taking an Account of the Debts claimed before the and on the same Terms and Conditions; and it was Master under the Deed of Trust of the 18th January also resolved, That the Governor and Court of Assistants 1731-

should make New Bonds for what should be - And that, under and by virtue of the said Decree,

feribed, and should exchange them for such Old Bonds and an Act made in the 1 ft Year of the Reign of His

or Slips as were feribed when offered, and should present Majesty, for a Sale of Part of the Estates of raise Money on the Remainder, in the best Manner they the Company, the Creditors under the Deed of Trust of could, not exceeding in all 100,000l. according to the the 18th Day of 1731 received a considerable

Power given by the said Deed of Trust. Part of their Debts.

And Mr. Lloyd informed Your Committee, and it And by an Act made in the 17th Year of the Reign

ap|»eared by the said Decree, That in pursuance of the of His present Majesty, which was produced to your said last mentioned Resolutions, several of the Pro- Committee, it appeared. That after taking Notice of prietors of the said Old Bonds and Slips did exchange the Situation of the Affairs of the said Company, and deliver up the same to the said Company, and and of the several Matters and Things hereinbefore accepted of New Bonds for the fame, in lieu thereof, stated, that the Governor and Company had underdated the 25th of March 1732 (all which Bonds Mr. taken the Management of the Affairs of the Com-Llot/d said lie had leon) w hereby the Company obliged pany, had abused the Trust repoled in them, and had themselves and their Successors to pay to Robert Read, long since become insolvent: And the Law of Scotland One of the said Company's Servants, his Executors, requiring, that in all Actions of Sale of Bankrupt Administrators, or Assigns, by Indorsement thereon, Estates the ranking of the Creditors must proceed the Principal Sums of such New Bonds, on the 25th and first be concluded by Decree, at least to the Avail of March 1735, and in the mean Time to pay him of the Price of the Lands fixed and stated by the or them Interest for the same at 3 /. per Cent. Half- Judges of the Court of Session, before the Lands can yearly; and as a further Security the said Governor be exposed to Sale, such Sale could not be obtained and Company, upon the 25th Day of October 1732, by the ordinary Process in a long Course of Years; executed a Deed and Dil'position of their Estates in and that the expediting the Sale of the Company’s Scotland to the said Sir William Billers, John Lmcton, Estates would be the Means of the preferable Credi-

and Nicholas Paxton, in trust for securing 100,000l. tors on the said Estates in a little Time receiving upon which Trust Deed, Seisin or Enfeoffment was their just Demands, and would be of great Benefit to taken as the Forms of the Law of Scotland direct; and the subsequent Creditors of the said Company; it was several other Persons subscribed several Sums to and enabled, That it should be lawful for the Judges for the Use of the said Company, pursuant to the Terms of the Court of Scflion in Scotland, and they were Vol. 39. 10 K thereby

v

York

Buildings

Company

tfcftates.

862

140 Janua

thereby directed and im powered, without waiting the Conclusion of the ranking of all or any of the said Governor and Company’s Creditors, to proceed (at the Suit or upon the Application of any Person or Persons having Interest) to the Sale of the Estates of the Company lying in Scotland, by public Auction, to the highest Bidder or Bidders, and that either in separate Baronies, or in Smaller Lots, as to them should appear most for the Interest of the Governor and Company and dieir Creditors; and for that Purpose the said Judges were thereby im powered and directed to proceed to the Consideration of the Proof then taken, and to take what further Proofs to them should seem necessary, of the Rent or Value of the said Lands and Estates, and of the Deductions from the said Rent, and thereupon to ascertain and determine the Yearly Free Rental of the said Lands and Estates, and of the different Lots in which the same ought to be exposed to Sale, and also the Value or Number of Years Purchase at which the said Lands might and ought to be exposed to public Auction or Sale: And it was further enacted, That in pursuance of such Sale or Sales, or upon the Purchaser or Purchasers finding Security, as is thereinbefore directed, the Judges of the Court of Session should pronounce and give out their Decree or Decrees of Sale in Favour of such Purchaser or Purchasers, in the same Form and Manner, and to the same Effect, as such Decrees are given by the said Court in the Sale of other Bankrupt Estates; and that the said Purchasers should have good and undoubted Title to the Lands and Estates purchased by them respectively, free of all Defects of Title, Incumbrances, and Debts of any Sort, excepting always such of the Debts of the Company as might be allocated on the said respective Purchasers for exhausting the Price offered by them, which should remain a Debt upon the said Purchasers on whom the same should be allocated, and a Charge upon the Lands so purchased by them respectively, until the same should be fully paid up and discharged.

And it was further enacted, That in case the ranking of the Creditors should not be settled and ascertained by Decree of the Court of Session, before the Time of Payment of the Purchase Money of the Lands and Estates io to be sold as aforesaid, the Purchaser or Purchasers should continue to hold the Purchase Money under the Security first taken for the fame, at such Rate of Interest, not being more than One and an Half per Centum per Annum under the legal Interest, as the Judges should determine, until they should issue their Warrants upon the Purchaser or Purchasers for Payment to the Creditors, according as they should be ranked and preferred by the said Judges, or for consigning the said Purchase Money in the Royal Bank in Scotland, or in the Bank of Scotland, for the Use and Behoof of, and to be forthcoming to the Creditors as aforesaid, or for re-employing the Purchase Money in such other Manner as should appear to the Judges to be most beneficial for the Interest of the said Governor and Company, and their Creditors: And after taking Notice, that it would be prejudicial to such Creditors as by their Rights or Diligences were entitled to early Payment out of the Estates of the said Company, to wait the Conclusion of the ranking of the other Creditors before they could draw their Money, it was enacted, That the Judges of the Court of Session should, and they were thereby directed, without waiting the claffing or ranking of the other Creditors, to issue their Acts and Warrants upon the Purchaser or Purchasers for Payment to such Creditors as had been or should be found preferable on the Estates of the Company, of such Sums of Money as should be found due to such Creditors: And it was further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which should appear to the Judges of the Court of Session to be due to

A. 1784.

the Creditors under the said Deed of Trull of the 18th of January 1731, should be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers to the Persons named in the said Act as Trustees for them, to be by them paid and applied to and amongst the Creditors entitled to the Benefit of the said Deeds, according to their respective Interests: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said Trustees should, within Thirty Days after the Money due to the Creditors under the said Deed of Trust should be directed by the Judges of the Court of Session to be paid to them, give public Notice of the same Three several Times, by Advertisement in The London Gazette, and when the Money should have been lb paid should give Notice in the same Manner, within Twenty Days of their having received the lame; and in case any Sum or Suni3 of Money should not be claimed by any of the said Creditors within Twelve Months after the same should have been received by the said Trustees, or if there should be different Claimants of the same Fund, the Trustees were thereby directed and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as should remain in their Hands into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account there, ex parte the Trustees; and the Money which should be so paid in by the said Trustees should be paid, under the Order of the Court of Chancery, to such Person or Persons as should be entitled to receive the lame.

And Mr. Lloyd informed your Committee, That under the Powers and Authorities given by the said last mentioned A ft, all the Estates belonging to the York Buildings Company in Scotland have been fold, and thereout the Trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of Trust of the 18th Day of January 1731 have been paid the whole Principal Monies and Interest due to them, except as to a Sum of 7,6651. 6$. 1 d. which has been ordered by the Judges of the Court of Session to be paid to them, but which has not yet been received.

And Mr. Lloyd produced to your Committee an Account of the Sales of the Company’s Estates, and of the Payments which have been made under the last Act, whereby it appears, that there is now remaining in the Hands of the Purchasers of the said Estates the Sum of 280,927/. 6 s. gd. which in the First Place is applicable to the Discharge of the

Debts of the Company, and which laid Sum of

280,927/. 6s. gd. is said by Mr. Lloyd to be

exclusive of large Balances in the Hands of the Trustees for the Annuitants, and the Agents of the Company.

And Mr. Andree, One of the present Trustees for the Annuitants, being examined, laid, That the subsisting Annuities chargeable on the said Company’s Estates do not exceed the Sum of 800l.

And Mr. Lloyd produced to your Committee an Office Copy of a Bill of Revivor and Supplement, lately filed in the High Court of Chancery, by

George Holland, Edward Be, and others, on Behalf of themselves and all others the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, against other Parties, in order to have the Decree made and pronounced in the said Cause on the 24th Day of Ocotober 1740, and the several Proceedings in the said Cause revived and carried into Execution, and, in particular, to have an Account taken of what is due to the several Creditors of the Company, for Principal Money and Interest on their respective Debts.

And Mr. Lloyd said, That the York Buildings Company is an English Company, and the Debts of the Company were contrafted in the English Form, and that the Petitioners, the Creditors of the Company, live in England; and he informed your Committee, That the Creditors in general are ilefirous that the Purchase Monies for the several Estates of the

Sarharum

fcatunu*

IiTiies of Money.

Province of Ti\e$.

tnftnnss,

otland.

24 Geo. III.

14* Januarii.

863

the Company may be paid into the Bank of England, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,

in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account there of the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, in order that the same may be applied and distributed, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, among the Peti-

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs in Scotland, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas

tioners and the several Persons who shall appear entitled 1779 to the 5th of 1783, being as far as the same to the fame. can be made up; together with the Totals of such Du-

Ami Mr. Lloyd informed your Committee, That the ties, distinguishing each Year.

Petitioners, or the Persons under whom they claim, have not received any Interest for their several Securities, or any Part of the Princip.’> Monies due thereon, for 50 Years and upwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Mujelry, intituled, "An Act for " expediting the Sale of Estates in Scotland, belonging " to the York Buddings Company, for the Relief of " their Creditors," in order to have the unl'atisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates paid into the Bank of England, to be dil'tributed among the several Creditors under the Direction of the Court of Chancery: And that Mr. Mastennan, Mr. Henry and

Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Sacharum Saturni imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas

1782; diliinguiQnng each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the I'.xci.ce.icr, attended at the Door; he was culled in; and, at the Bur, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Sums of Money issued, or ordered to be issued, from the 19th Day of December

1783 to the 12th Day of January 1784, inclusive, to any Person or Persons, towards Naval Services, or for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, or to tire Secretaries to His Majesty’s Treasury, or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, or in any other Manner whatever, for and towards Services voted in the present Session of Parliament, but not yet appropriated, by any Act of Parliament, to such Services.

And tlten he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account w’as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Excise, Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Scotland. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, for Three Years, ending at Midsummer 1782, distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper); together with the Totals of the Amounts for each Year:

And also,

An Account of thfc Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up, and specifying the Rate" of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper); together with the Totals of the Amounts: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low,

W ines and Spirits made from Corn, with the Quantities which produced the said Duties, with the Rates, from Midsummer 1749 to M 1782: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Corn, together with the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up:

And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low W ines and Spirits made from Melasses, with the Quantities which produced the said Duties, with the Rates from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1782:

And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made from Melasses, together with the

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits which produced the said Duties, with the Rate of Duty, from Midsummer 1782, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the oher Papers of this Session.

Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1782 to 1783; together

with the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Numl)er of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at-Vol. 39.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearsoti, from Exports t* the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the America. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Totil Amount of the Old Subsidy retained upon Foreign Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to North

America

864 14 JanuariLA. 1784.

America and the British West India Islandst for the Years 1773 and 1774, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

UT.im of Mr. Steelepresented to the House, pursuant to their Money. Order,

An Account of the several Sums of Money ordered to be issued, from the 19th Day of December 1783 to the 12th Day of January 1784, inclusive, to any Person or Persons, towards Naval Sendees, or for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, or to the Secretaries of His Majesty’s Treasury, or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, or in any other Manner whatever, for and towards Services voted in the present Session of Parliament, but not yet appropriated, by any Act of Parliament, to such Services.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Land Tax Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Commission- ftr appointing Commissioners to’ put in Execution an #n" Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

" for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyfour," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-threeAnd that Mr. Steele, and Mr. Edward James Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty’s Message to this House, respecting the Hessian Troops stationed in the Barracks at Hilsea, Dover, and Chatham) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty wa3 pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Sidleiham A Petition of the Reverend Charles Smith, in his

Inclosure. own Rjalit Lord of the Manor of Sidlesham, in the County of Sussex, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Interest in the Premises, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the said County, a large Waste or Common, called Sidlesham Common, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present Stale, is of little Value, and incapable of Improvement; and, the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, to the End that it may be rendered more beneficial to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that

Mr. Steele, and Lord George Henry Lenox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, Gentlemen, Clergy, Codiam and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Sussex and Road-Southampton, w as presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, " 'Dial, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

"An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City " of Chichester," several Tolls and Powers were granted

to certain Trustees therein pamed, for repairing and widening the said Road; and that the Trustees for the said District have proceeded in the Repairs and widening of the said Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, whereupon a large Debt still remains; and that it will be impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, and pay off such Debt, during the present subsisting Term:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to renew the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act of the Second Year of His said Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Steele, Mr. Sloane, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Mana^m-nt posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Government and Management of the Affairs Al alrs' of the East India Company;

And, during the Debate on the said Question,

The House being informed, by a Member in his Place, Privilege — that another Member of this House had told him, that *nt, uenclus» he had been offered an Office of 500l. per Annum, em r' through a Gentleman from feme of His Majesty’s late Ministers, in order to influence his Vote in Parliament:

And that other Member being called upon, by the House, to give an Account of the said Offer, informed the House, that the Offer, as he understood, came from the Duke of Portland, and that the Person who brought the Message to him was Mr. Hamilton of Bargcney, upon the 26th Day of December last, but that Mr. Hamilton, of Bargcney, did not mention the Duke of Portland's Name; and, upon the said Member’s refilling, with Terms of Disdain, to accept of the said Office, Mr*

Hamilton declined to mention upon what Authority he made the Offer; and that Mr. Hamilton said he would not, for the World, mention his Authority: The said Member afterwards explaining what be meant in mentioning the Duke of Portlands Name, desired to be understood to have meant the Portland Administration; and, upon Mr. Hamilton's refuling to name his Authority, the Member concluded it came from that Administration.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Hamilton, of Bargeney, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Fortnight," and inserting the Words " Three Weeks, the 4th Day of, February next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Fortnight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three Weeks, the 4th Day of February next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then

State of the Nation.

Adjourn-

ment.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

It ramble Odd lloule Ruud.

24 Geo. lit.

i 4* — 16° Januarii.

*6$

Then the main Question, To amended, being put; Roads comprized in the said Act, being ufefefs to the Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton, of Bargeney, do attend Trust, and very expensive in Repairs, the Trustees, with this House upon this Day Three Weeks, the 4th Day the Approbation of the principal Estate Owner in

of February next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Government and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney

propose to leave it out of the Act.

That the Trustees are restrained by the said Act from taking more than One-Fourth of the Toll between the Towns of Woolkrton and Nottinghamwhich Restriction having been found prejudicial to the Trpft, it is

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Secretary at proposed to encrease the Toll between those Places to

War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hdufe to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

And the House having continued to fit till Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

One-Half.

That the Trustees having erected a Weighing Eti-gine on the said Road, the additional Term of Five Years was thereby added to the original Term granted by the Act above mentioned, but nevertheless the Roads intended to be retained under the Care of the Trustees, cannot be completely amended, and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning effectually kept in Repair, nor can the Debt now

due on the Credit of the Tolls be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bramcote Odd , in the County of , to

to consider further of the Supply granted to His the Crols Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Majesty. Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Shipley, in the said County of Det'by, and from,

resolve itself into a Committtcc of the whole House, to in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Notting-

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16# die Januarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1784.

Praykii s.

OR 1) Eduard Bent hick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several 1 i'u'.lees for pitting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd IEuse, in the County of Nottingham, to the Crols Post

ham, except lb far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley .-And that Lord Edward

Bentinck and Mr. Medows do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Land Tax Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Commission-Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, in- er* tituled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and EightythreeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- East India

" upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and pany do forthwith lay before this House, Copies of all Aflkirs.

from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, " in the said County of Derby, and from in the County of Aottinghanii to the Town of Nottingham," whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that tiic Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Proceedings of the Court of Proprietors, or of any Committee of that Court, or of the Court of Directors, relative to the Propositions which were ballotted for on the 10th Instant, at the East India House; as also all subsequent Proceedings which have been held relative thereto.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of York, Rtpresent*-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tion in That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellence Par^ament*

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently with

('Ink's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act w as read; And,

Mr. James Foxcroftbeing examined, said. That a

Progress bath been made in repairing the said Roads; in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due.

That the Road from Ilkeston to Shipley, Part of the Vol. 39-

to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is, necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Itepre-fentation of the People in Parliament, the Commons of this Realm are partially and inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Security for, their Liberties, which it is the Aim of the Constitution to give them: And therefore the Petitioners again renew their

10 L

earnef*

866 16° — 20° Januarii. . 1784/

earned Supplications to the House, to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Kcpresentation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Manapment Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Atfair»Inti a H°u^> according to Order, a Pill for the better Government and Management of the Affairs of the India Company: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill l)e read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Morning next," and inferring the Words " this Day Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Wednesday Morning next" dand Part of the Question}

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this " Day Scvcnnight " be inserted instead thereof;

It was rclblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, to amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Keceipt Duty. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand and for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes, and also. Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Siat* of the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Nation. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hussey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. llussey reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hussey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Itesolution Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

against Ad- That (it having been declared to be the Opinion of miiiiflrition. ^is House, that, in the present Situation of His Majesty’s Dominions, it is peculiarly necessary, that there should be an Administration which has the Confidence of this House, and of the Public; and that the Appointments of His Majesty’s present Ministers were accompanied by Circumstances new and extraordinary, and such as do . ob

not conciliate or engage the Confidence of this House) the Continuance of the present Ministers, in Trusts of the highest Importance and Responsibility, is contrary to Constitutional Principles, and injurious to the Intertfts of His Majesty and His People.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hussey also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committtee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. nieilL

The other Orders of the Day being read; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means*

I louse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20* die Januarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Pozcell, from Aliena Duty.

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Aliens Duty paid to Customs in England and Wak% for the Years 1773 and 1774; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservod amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkins, from the Sachanim Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Sulurn1, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Sacharum Saturni imported into England, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coals flapped Account of the Fees taken, exclusive of Stampt Coaitway*. Paper, upon Coals thipped Coastways at the Port of Whitehaven, when they are at and below 20 /.

Value,

Vorfe

lit..Mini's (omimny Liults.

24 Geo. III.

20° — z i* Jamiarii.

Value, separately, and including the Charge of cancelling the Bond.

Mr. Master man presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor altering and amending an Act, [tailed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ex[)editing the Sale of " i’.ltates in Scot fatal, belonging to the York Buildings " Company, for the Belief of their Creditors," in order to have the unsatistied Purchase Money of the several Eftutes paid into the Bank of England, to be distrilmted among the several Creditors under the Direction of the Court of Chancery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rlsolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Qugftion being proposed, That this House will. Tomorrow, enter into a Consideration of the: Conduct of the Court of pire6tors with respect to the State of the Accounts published by them, and into their Conduct with regard to their Servants;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

I,

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

I.iml T«x A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in

toimmilion- j?XCCU|jon an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting 'an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great " tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the luit Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Lund 'fax, to be raised in Great,

" lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-three," was read a Second Time.

Resolred. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the ift l)av of Mcrehnext, resolve ilself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Children Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

-n Abroad, for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad: And that Mr. Dempster and Mr. Erskido prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Saai ijii’j;. Ordered, That Mr. Brett be added to the Scleft Committee, appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon Wednesday the .’4th Day of December la.lt, was made from the said Select Committee;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of February next.

it of ibt The other Order of the Day being read, for the N.mon. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, r< Iblvc itself into live said Committee;

The Iloul'e was moved, That the Resolution, which upon Friday lull was reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the X ation.

Raft India Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Ariuir*. Motion, it being Six of the Clock.

VOL. 39.

Mercurii, 21* Die Jamiarii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Willoughby Wood and Robert Frampton Barlow, Esquires, John Tumiard, Thomas Tun- Inclosure* ttard, and Joseph Blackith, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Frampton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Parcels of Common Fen Land and Waste Grounds, whereon the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common, and also several other Open and Common lands and Grounds, which contain in (he Whole, by Estimation, 1,300 Acres, and upwards; and that the Lands tie dif-perfect and intermixed with each other, in fmati Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would be for the mutual Advantage and Convenience of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their respective Estates, if a general Division and Inclosure could be had of the said Open Common Fen Land and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Frampton, ami also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holme's, in and near to the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Hiali seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thoroldand Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Hinckley, putting in Execution the Powers given and granted Ac. Road, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, w idening, and Jceeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the " End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth " 7 bun's End, and from or pear the Guide Polt at " Wuleot Towns End, in the County of Leicester, to

" the Eighty Mile Stone in Field, in the County of Northampton "was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act hath been put in Execution, and great Progress has been made in amending the said Road, and for that Purpose

868 41° — 420 yattuarii. A. 1784.

Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, which now remain unpaid, with an Arrear of Interest; and that the Amendment of the said Road cannot be completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future, or the said Money so due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are continued, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Booth

Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Eufl India A flairs.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-fcnted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of all Proceedings of the Court of Proprietors, or of any Committee of that Court, or of the Court of Directors, relative to the Propositions which were ballotted for on the 10th Instant, at the East India House; as also of all subsequent Proceedings which have been held relative thereto.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Militia. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare

an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1784.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr.

Steele, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rtceipt Duty. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " " An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland " Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other " Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand and " for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also " Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

i.

Taper* to t* Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the printed. Paper containing the Proceedings of the Court of Proprietors, or of any Committee of that Court, or of the Court of Directors, relative to the Propositions which were ballotted for on the 10th Instant at the East India House; as also of all subsequent Proceedings which have been held relative thereto (which was this Day presented to the House) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rafting the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22° die Jamiarii;

Anno 24° George III*" Regis, 1784. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 3*ft Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Roll-right Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the 31st Year of his late Majesty, the Tolls and Duties directed to be taken by the Act of the 24th of his said late Majesty, were lessened One-Third, and the Trustees, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, restrained from borrowing more than the Sum of 500 /. on the Credit of the said Tolls, thereby made payable; and that the said Trustees have borrowed the Sum of 300 /. upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and laid out, and con-trafted for the laying out, all or the greatest Part thereof in the Repair of the said Roads, but find that the said Sum of 300 I. and the Tolls and Duties now taken at the Toll Gates, are greatly insufficient to repair, and keep in Repair, the Roads directed by the said Acts to be repaired, the same being Twenty Miles in Length: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Power vested in the Trustees appointed by and in pur-(uance of the Act of the 24th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to borrowing Money on the Credit of the Tolls; and that, instead of the Tolls and Duties directed to be taken by the said Act, such other Tolls and Duties may be taken, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Term for which the said Act was to have Continuance may be enlarged, and have Continuance from the 5th Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 17S4, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Robert Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to

put

Supply,

Ways and Means.

Woodfiorfc

Honda

Newton Ab» butt Roads.

24 Geo. III. 220 — 230 Januarii: 869

Firumcot* (Mil iloufe Kt»u(k

Motion (or Per Ion to attend.

tlmrklev, ice. Ktmdf.

put into Execution an Act, hnaile ill the 5th Year of the Kcign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the ltoads from the South End of A ru ton Abbott, to the Passage Way in Kiugswcar, opposite Clif ton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike H Road between Newton and Totnes, towards Abbotts Ktrswtlly to Five Lams, and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and 7 #///£*, and from Galmpton I Far borough to Monk's 44 Bridge and Brisk am Quay, and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Faington Town, all in the County of Devon," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, but the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, mdels the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Iloldxzcorth, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Edward Bent inch presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road from Bramcotc Odd , in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Polt upon Smalley in

the County of Derby, and from to the Towns of

Hcanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Timi d/, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham, except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley: And the same u as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, Chairman of the East India Company, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to be examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Government and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23* die Januarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III"' Regis, 1784. Prayers.

f R. I lunger ford reported from the Committee, to -LtA whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty King George the Third, VOL. 3<).

intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping " in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of " the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth. Town's " and from or near the Guide Post at Town's

" End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile " Stone in Welford Field, in the County of North-

" ampton," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act w'as read: And

Mr. Francis Burgess being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected; which, together with an Arrear of Interest, now remain due, and cannot be paid offj and the said Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley,

to Lutterworth Towns End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Field, in

the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Booth Grey, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, on Behalf of White Sheet himself and others, Creditors on a certain Part of the Hill Road. Turnpike Road leading from Shaftesbury to Salisbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That under an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike " Road on the Top of Whitt Sheet Hill to a Place " called The Hare Warren, and from thence to the " Index Port; standing near the Bland ford Turnpike " Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill, and also for " repairing and widening the Road from the said

Index Poll to a House called Master Baker's Farm " House, in the County of Wilts," the said Turnpike Road was made, and divers Sums of Money, to the Amount of 1,400l. have been borrow’ed for that Purpose, which still remain due, and particularly the Principal Sum of 500l. with about 400l. for Interest, is now due to the Petitioner Francis Eyre; and that it is necessary that the said Act, which will expire on the last Day of the present Session of Parliament, should be continued for a further Term, in order to repay the Money borrowed, and to amend and keep in Repair the Roads therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers,

Provisoes, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and also the Act to be parted for that Purpose, may be in full Force and Effect, and have Continuance from and after the parting such new Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the said former Act, and for making such additional Term subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies how

10 M due

Children l»orn Abroad, Nrtt.

Pofta/e

lKvcitoe.

Custom Fees.

Fa ft India Affairs.

Manage mi nt of K :U India Aii'-aib.

Diem*

870 23* — 24* — 2 6° Januarii. A. 1784.

duo ami owing on the Credit of the said former Act, and all Inti li ft due, and to prow due, for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. S, Sir George Osborne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House, having continued to fit till a Quarter of an Hour after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning;

Ordered, That Harry Harmood, Esquire, Messenger to the Great Seal, or his Deputy, do attend this House this Day.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted lo His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Amount of the Revenue of ttic Poliage of Great Britain and Ireland, for Three Years preceding Christmas 1782; dHtingurftiing therein the Net Amount for that Period, annually, from North Britain and Ireland separately.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Lifts or Tables of l ees taken at all or any of the different Custom House Offices in North Britain, and (but up from them to the Board at Edinburgh, at any Time between tire Years 1706 and 1740, inclusive.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House their Opinions, together with the Accounts and Estimntes on which such Opinions shall be grounded, as to the Mode and Extent of Parliamentary Interference, which, according to the Information and Belief of the said Directors, would prove an effectual Relief to the Company, in the Respite of Duties for such Time as the Exigency of the Company's Affairs may appear to require, and in permitting the Acceptance of unaccepted Bills, (b that they may become payable at such Times as it shall appear that die Company will, in the ordinary Course of their A Suits, be able to pay the same.

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 24* die;

Anno 240 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

TPI E House was moved. That an Act,’made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for " the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and " other Officers, in the electing and returning such " Members," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, with respost to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Eden, and Mr. IVebb, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Bill for the better Government and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

The lioule wus moved, That thre Six First of the Resolutions, which, upon the itith Day of May 1782, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which had been made from the Committees of Secrecy, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, and which, upon the 28th Day of the same Month, were agreed to by the House, might be lead.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be committed;

The 1 Ioufe divided.

The Y eas went forth.

TUlm for the.

Smith:

Tellers fur the Noes,-;

So it passed in the Negative.

(The Lord Maitland, I.Mr. Byng:

214,

222.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill for (he better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company: And that Mr. Fox, the Lord

North, and Lord John Cavendish, do prepare, and bring b, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die Jamtarii; Anno 24* Georgii III1" Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Town's

End; and from or near the Guide Post at JValcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in JVelford Field, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Honourable Richard Lumley, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Uncle, Sir George Savile, of in the County of Nottingham, Baronet, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Eighteenth Day of August 01 One

Person tv attend.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Elections* — Delivery of Writs.

Hinckley Ac. Road.

Lumley’s N ame.

24 Geo. III. 26° Januarii. 871

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, give and devise, toother with other Lands and Hereditaments, his Munlion House at Rnffoi'd, in the County of Nottingham, and his other Manors and Hereditaments

in the salt! County, to the Petitioner for Life, with divers Remainders over; and that the said Sir George Savile did, by his laid Will, direct that all and every Person or Persons, who by virtue of the said Will should become entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits of the said Manfton House and Estate, in the County of Nottingham, should, within the Space of Two Years next after he or they should severally become entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits thereof, take upon himself and themlllves, and ule, in all Deeds and Wjritings whatsoever, where to or wherein lie or they should be Party or Parties, and upon all Occasions, the Surname of Smile, after his or their own Surname and Surnames, and jointly with any Dignity or Title that misfit be vested in him or them, and allb should quarter the Arms of Smite with his or their o\ui Family, Anns, and should, within the Space of Two Years, apply for and endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament, or a proper Lice nce from the Crown, or take feci) other Means as mi^ht be requisite and proper to enable and authorize him or them reflectively to take, use, and bear the said Surname and Arms of Savile; and that in case any fuel) Pei Ion or Persons should refuse or neject to take Inch Surname and Arms, and to take Inch proper Steps or Means as might be requisite to enable and authorize him or them lb to do, within the said Space of Two Years, that then, and from and after the Expiration of the said Space of Tw o Years, the Gift, Devise, and Limitation of all and every the Manors and Hereditaments deviled and limited to him or them so neglectiiux or refilling should, in case such Neglect or Kcfufal should happen within the Period of the Life or Lives of any of the younger Sons of the late Earl of Scarborough, who should be living at his the said Testators I>ccealc, or of Twenty-one Years after the Decease of the Survivor of such younger Sons, or living at his the said Testators Decease, should cease, determine, and become utterly void, and all such Manors and Hereditaments should in such same immediately thereupon go to the Person next in Remainder, according to the said Testator s Will, in the same Manner as it such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, being Tenant or Tenants for Life, was or w ere dead, or being Tenant or Tenants in Tail, was or were aftuailv dead without Issue Male; charged never-thclcls, and subject and without Prejudice to any such Jointure or Jointures, Portion or Portions, or the Term or Terms of Y'ears, Remedies, and Securities, for the same respectively, Lcalc or Lcufes, Dcmifc or Demises, as lx fore such Cclfer or Determination of the Estate of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting shall

o > o ©

have been limited, settled, appointed, created, granted, or dcmifed, of or in the said Hereditaments thereby deviled, or any of them, by any of the Dcvil'ecs thereof, pursuant to and by virtue of the Powers in the said Testators Will for those Purposes respectively contained, or any of them; and that the Petitioner, in Compliance with the Will of the said Teltator, is desirous that he and his Heirs Male may be enabled, by the Authority of Parliament, to take and uf'e the Surname and Arms of Sm ile: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

I’ofjamhc, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Mcdtncs, and Lord

Bentinck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sarhprum The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from

Satufui. the Commissioners of the Customs in

attended at the I>oor; he was called in; and, at \ouS9.

the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Quantities of Sacharum Saturni imported into that Part of Great Britain called from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Taxes in Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Scotland. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783; together with the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act irish Poll for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Conveyance. Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Polt, between Great Britain and Ireland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Woodstock thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the Roads leading from Woodstock to Rollrigh and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington, in the County of Oxford, or being Freeholders or Inhabitants within the said County, was pielented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe. That a Petition is presented to the House, for a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge some of the Powers granted by Three several Acts for amending the said Roads; and that the Petitioners apprehend it is expedient that several other Provisions contained in the said Acts should be amended, explained, and enlarged, or that the same should be reduced into One Act, together with such further Provisions as may be thought necessary for the more ctfeftual amending the Roads included in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Roll-right Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living m, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the

Matter

Account to hr printed.

Protore

Petition.

1’csolution

n^ainti

dillolving

Pariiument.

Adjourn-

ment.

Committees.

Preacher for 30th Jau.

Government ot tall India Territories.

State of the Nation.

Supply.

Ways and Mtanb.

C oriiwall

Wri:.

87a 26° — 29 0 JA. 1784.

Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall this present Parliament for the County of Cor mad!, appear to them, to the Houl'c. in the room of Edward Eliot, El’quire, now Lord

Eliot, Baron of St. Gentians, called up to the House of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Peers, count of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the

Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, And then the House adjourned till Thursday

from Michaelmas 1782 to Michaelmas 1783; together ’ Alorning next, Ten of the Clock,

with the Totals (which was this Day presented to the House) be printed, as shall be fuflicicut for the Use of the Members of the House. ..... 11 1 1 ----- — 1 -

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Name are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, con lined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The Kings Bench, was presented to the House, and

read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, under such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 24th Day of December last, of His Majesty’s tnoft Gracious Answer to the Address of this House of the 22d Day of the same Alonth, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that His Majesty’s said most Gracious Answer contains Afl’urances, upon which this House cannot but most firmly rely, that His Majesty will not, by the Prorogation or Difl’o-lution of Parliament, interrupt this House in their Confide rations of proper Measures for regulating the Act'airs of the East India Company, and for supporting the Public Credit and Revenues of this Country — Objects, which, in the Opinion of His Majesty, and of this House, and of the Public, cannot but be thought to demand the most immediate and unremitting Attention of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at St. Margar Westminster, upon

Friday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Ilouie will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in Ittdia.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblvc itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways und Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in

Jovis, 29* die Januarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

ABI L L for enlarging the Term and Pow ers of Len><f

an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His Will !W!s. present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lems ford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenageand by Corey's Mill, to Hitch tin, and from Welwynthrough Codicut,

to Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Plainer, Mr. Medley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, P.ramrote made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of ilis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Brameotc Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Crols Polt upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trauxll, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town

of Nottingham, except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Baker,

Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Swindon, Ac. thereunto subscribed, Trustees under an Act, passed in iload-the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road " from the Turnpike Road, at or near the Town of " Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of " Marlborough, and from the said Town of -

" rough to the Village of Everlcy, in the County of " Wilts,"was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That considerable Progress hath been made in carrying the said Act into execution; and the Roads therein comprised have been in Part amended and repaired, in the doing of which a large Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, hath been expended; and that the Aloney so borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be efl’eftually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Bur-poles aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Air.

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and

Ntwton

Abbott

Hoads.

Y ork

Buildings

Company

KltiUs.

Bank of

ixroLiiirui.

24 Geo. III.

29° Januarii.

873

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ifoldsworlhreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put into Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing und widening the Roads from the " South End of Newton Ab, to the Passage Way " in Kingsiwar, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hard-

" ness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of

" the Turnpike Road between and Totness,

" towards Abbott's Kerswell, to Lancs, and from

" Langver's Barn to the said Turnpike Road between

" New ton Abbott and Totness, and from Galmpton

" H'arbarough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham

" and from Langver's Barn to the North End of " Paington Town, all in the County of Devon," was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. IFillimn Newcomin, being examined, said, That

a Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing* of which the Tolls have been duly applied, anil a considerable Debt contrafted on the Credit thereof; and that fuel) Debt cannot be difehurged, and the Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act he enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jeli v, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South said of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingsuxar, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and 7 towards Abbott's Kcrrwell, to Five Lancs, and from Langver's

Bunt to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and 1'otnes, and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Briiham Quay, and from Langver's Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Diron:And that Mr. Ho and Mr. Brett do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Rill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale of Estates in " land, belonging to the Fork Company,

" for the Relief of their Creditors," in order to have the unf.itisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates paid into the Dank of England, to be distributed among the several Creditors under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mas-ierman, Mr. Dundas, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1C95, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Bank in Scotland,'' a Joint Stock, amounting to the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised and paid Vol. 39.

in the Manner by the said Act directed; and it was thereby declared, that the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Stock in Manner therein directed, should be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the.

Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they , should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal, and certain Rules were thereby prescribed, for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank; and* under the said Act, and the Rules and Orders therein mentioned, the said Bank was soon after established, and has ever firice continued; and that, by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Governor and Company of the Bank of " land to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company," it was enacted, that, within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened, and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Shares of the then Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional Stock as he, she, or they should possess of the old or original Stock at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should so think proper; and that a Subscription was accordingly opened, and the said new or additional Capital or Joint Stock of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, hath been subscribed for and paid into the said Bank, pursuant to the last in part recited Act; and that the said Bank, being a National Advantage, a further Increase of its Capital Stock would hill tend greatly to the Advancement of Commerce and Agriculture, and be otherwise highly beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company, under such Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Edingburgh the Acts of Parliament for making and repairing the Shire Road* Turnpike Roads in the Shire of Edinburgh, and of the Heretors of the said Shire, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and the remaining Heretors of the said Shire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Acts of Parliament now in force for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Shire of Edinburgh, the Trustees for putting the same in Execution are impowered to borrow certain Sums upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties collected at the Toll Bars within the said Shire; and they have divided the said Shire into certain Districts, giving to each District a certain Proportion of the total Sum allowed to be borrowed on the Tolls and Duties collected-within the Shire; and that the Trustees for that District of the said Shire called the District of Laswade, did, in Consequence

10 N of

Trcgony, Ac. lioad.

290 Januarii. 17 84

of the said A Qs,borrow, upon the Security of the Toils and Duties collected at the Toll Bars within the Paid District, their Proportion of the Sums allowed to be borrowed by the said Shire, which has been expended in making and repairing the Turnpike Roads therein; and that, a further Sum being necessary for that Purpose, the Trustees for the said District did borrow certain Sums upon their own personal Security, which have been also applied for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads within the said District; and that the Petitioners conceive it reasonable that they, as Trustees, shall be authorized to borrow, upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties colieded within the fold District of Lasuxde, an additional Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds Sterling, to be applied for repaying the Sum borrowed by them upon their personal Security, as aforesaid, and for further repairing the Roads in the Paid District of Limeade, over and above the Sums already borrowed upon Security of the Tolls and Duties collected in the Paid District; and that the Laws now in force for obliging die Occupiers of Land in the Paid Shire to perform Statute Work, or to work for a certain Time Annually m repairing the Highways and Roads within the same, are attended with many Inconveniences in the Execution; and, the Petitioners conceive, if certain Regulations were made, the Statute Work might in future be properly exacted, and that pecuniary Convections ought in certain Cafes to be taken in lieu of Work, ana applied in making and repairing the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and impowering the said Trustees for putting in Execution the Turnpike Acts within the said Shire of , to borrow,

upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties collected and levied at the Toll- Bars within the said District of Latncade, an additional Sum, not exceeding Two

thooPand Pounds Sterling, to be applied for repaying the Sum borrowed on the personal Security of the Trustees of the said District, and for further repairing the Turnpike Roads in the said District, over and above the Sums already borrowed upon the Security of the said Tolls and Duties, and for altering the Mode of levying and exading the Statute Work within the said Shire of Edinburgh, and rendering the same more elsedual in future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the some, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition, as well of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Intituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road,

" in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony to Ruan Lanehome, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South

" Side of Trcthem Mills, in the Parish of Saint Just, " in the said County," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants retiding near the said lload, as also of several Creditors, who have advanced Monies on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, iu pursuance of the said Ad, several Sums of Money, amounting together to 1,500l. have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls imposed by the said Act, which (as also the Surplus Produce of the said Tolls, after paying the Interest of the Money so borrowed) have been applied to the Repair of the said Road, but that only 30/. of the said Principal Money hath been discharged, and considerable Repairs are still wanting; and that some of the Powers,

Provisions, and Regulations of the said Ad, have been found inconvenient and inadequate for the Purposes; and that, as well lor the more effectual repairing the said Road, and for keeping the same m Repair, as also for the better Security of the Creditors, it is necessary that the Term of the said Act be extended, and the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations thereof, explained, altered, enlarged, and amended:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term of the said Act, and for explaining, altering, enlarging, and amending the Powers and Regulations of the said Act, and for making such further Provisions for the Ends before-mentioned, as shall be judged expedient; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it referred to Mr. Masterman, Mr. kc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Robinson, from Customs the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Fee*>4c-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of what Dispatches are required, and what Fees are taken, upon Goods or Vessels plying on the River or Firth of The Mersey, within or above what is called The Rock, at the Mouth of that Firth only: And also,

N° 2. An Account of what Dispatches are required, and what Fees are taken, upon Goods or Vessels plying in the River or Firth of The Humber, and the Rivers falling into it, within or above The Spurn Point and Grimsby, on the opposite Side only: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at Whitehaven, on the Exportation of Coals to Ireland, exclusive of Stamp Paper, but including Intimations, Reports Outward and Home, in Ballast, if such are taken: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at the Ports of Newcastle, Seaton Sluice, and Blyth, upon Coals shipped for London, exclusive of Stamp Paper, and the like, upon the Exportation of Coals to Foreign Parts, including Intimations, Reports Outward, and in Ballast Home, if such are taken:

And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken on the Exportation of Com at Great Yarmouth, including Intimations, Reports Outward and Home, in Ballalt, if such are taken, exclusive of Stamp Paper: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken at the Port of Yarmouth, on the Exportation of Manufactures, or other Goods, to Holland, where there are more than One or more Entries by the feme Person, including Intimations and Reports Out and Home, in Ballast on the Vessels.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bill*.

private

24 Geo. III. 290 Januarii.------ — 2° Februarii. 875

private Bills be enlarged, until Thursday the 19th Day of February next.

Blagdon A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Incioiure. Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brickdale,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Truro Wi it. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for tire Borough of Truro, in the County of Cortrwall, in tire roottr of John Pollc.rfenBastard, Esquire, who, frnce

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Oflice of Steward of His Majesty s Manor of East llendred, in the County of Berks.

Privilege — The House was moved, That the Entries in the Votes Influencing of the House, of the 14th Day of this Instant Ja-Mrmbere. tiuary, of the Information given by a Member in his Place, refjrecting the Oder of an Office of 500 /. per Annum having been made to another Member of this House, in order to influence his Vote in Parliament, by Mr. Hamilton, of Bargeney; and, of the Order for the said Mr. Hamiltons Attendance upon Wednesday next, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly;

And the Menrber who first gave the Information to the House, having acquainted tire House tlrat he bad received a Letter from Mr. Hamilton, of Bargeney, in which he declares upon his Honour that he had no Authority from the Duke of Portland, or any of the late Admiuiltration, to make the said Offer of an Office;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the said 14th Day of this Instant January, for the Attendance of the said Mr. Hamilton, of Bargeney, upon Wednesday next, be discharged.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Charges contained in the said Information, respecting the Duke of Portland and the late Administration, were groundlcts.

The Order of the Day being read;

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Nauoo. ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1784.

PRA VERS.

Sheppard’* A PETITION of several of the Trustees for exe-Shord Hoad*. _f\_ cuting certain A fits, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Anne, the Eleventh of King George the First, and the Eighteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of I rsh/ont, to Rou d Ford, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways, and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aiurefoid, and of several other Persons living near or Travelling the said Roads, was presented to Vo 1. 39-

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Acts have been put in Execution, do the great Advantage of the Public, whereby a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which cannot be paid oft’, or the Roads be completely amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged; and alledging, that Part of the said Roads lies in the great Road from London to Bath, and the altering and diverting the present Road between Devizes and Sheppard's Shord aforesaid, and the making a new Road to 'join the Turnpike Road leading from Sheppard's Shord to Beckhampton, will be a great Convenience to Travellers, by avoiding the several steep Hills over which the Road at present passes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts* and for making the said new Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke, Mr. Goddard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Ferl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Henry Fathering ton, Baronet, Richard Beverley, &c. Bell, Esquire, and of the several Persons whole Names Drainage, are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands in Woodmansey, Thearn, Beverley, Beverley Parks, Figham,

Skidby Carr, and Skidby Ings, all in the Parities of

Saint John, in Beverley, and Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Townships and Places above-mentioned are divers large Tracts of Ground, which are subject to be overflowed with Water for a considerable Part of the Year, and that the said Lands and Grounds lie near to a Navigable River, and, for Want of a proper Drainage, are in general, but particularly in wet Seasons, of little Use to the Proprietors, and, if drained, are capable of great Improvement, and would be much more useful for the Purposes of Husbandry, and be conducive to the Health of die Inhabitants of the Villages to which the said Lands adjoin; and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Lands and Grounds Chould be drained through the Townships of Cottingham and Scukoates, in the County of York, into the River Hull; and that the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands and Grounds, and for all such Purposes as may be requisite thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Alford, &c. an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His RoaJ* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, ana " from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lin*

" coinand of several of the Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereuoto subscribed, waa presented to the House, and read;

Setting

876 2° Februarii. Jl. 1784.

Setting forth. That considerable Progress has been made in repairing and widening the Road described in the said Act; and that the Sum of 8,125/. has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which is still owing, and the Tertn granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that, in the Execution of the said Act, several Alterations and Amendments thereof, and further Provisions, have been found neceflery, and, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, the Money borrow ed cannot be repaid, nor the Road continued to be kept in proper Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold ',&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bev«r1e v,&c. A Petition of Sir Henry Ethrington, Baronet, Richard Inclosure. Bell, Esquire, and of the other Persons whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Open Lands in IVeel, Woodmansey, and

lugs, in the Parishes of Saint , in , and

Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Townships and Places above-mentioned are divers large Tracts of Open Ground, which, if inclosed, are capable of great Improvement, and would be much more useful and convenient for the Purposes of Husbandry; and that the Petitioner's are delirous, and have agreed, that the said Open. Lands and Grounds should be inclosed, and allotted amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their Interests therein, and that a Compensation may be made in lieu of Tythes arising from the said Premises: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Lands and Grounds, and for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold, and Sir James Pennyman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nfwt/m Mr. Holdmorth presented to the House, according to

Abbott Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Rouds. Act, passed in the Filth Year of the Reign of His pre-

lent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Neicton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingsuear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totness, towrards Abl>ott's Kerszeell to Five Lanes, and from I^angver's Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay, and from Barn to

the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dover Sir John Henniker presented to the House, according

Small D«bu. to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Denver, and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, Rivet', Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Lang don, West Ring-

uould. Saint Margarett's at Cliff, WhitJicld otherwise

Beausfield, Guston, Ilougham otherwise Huff ham, Capte Le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dover Castle, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Spalding an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the High lindgt Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for lloadsrepairing and widening the Roads from Spalding " High Bridge to the Market Place in Donitigton, and " from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of " town, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of JVigtoft, in the County of Lincoln," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the lolls, have been applied according to the Direction of the said Act, and a considerable Sum of Money still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due as aforesaid cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Gilbert lleathcote. Baronet, Lord Connifoy of the Manor of Connisby, in the County of and Indofuw.

of several Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Toft-steads, within the Parish of Connisby aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, certain Open Commons or Waste Grounds, called The Moor, and Lit lira ood Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie open to Wildmore Fen, and also to other Open or Commonable Lands, and are greatly trespalTed upon by the Cattle depastured on the said Fen, and other Open or Commonuble Lands, and, by reason thereof, are rendered of very inconsiderable Value to the Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor and LiltIrwood Land; but, if the said Moor and Littlewood Land were in-doled, and proper Provisions made for regulating the Manner of feeding. Hocking, uling, and enjoying thereof, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Commons or Waste Grounds, called The Moor, and Littlewood and for regulating the feeding, flocking, using, and enjoying thereof, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee who were Militia Pay appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of 11,1,1 CloatL-

the ,u*

24 Geo. III. 2° Februarii.

the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1784, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivere4 it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1784.

Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days *

D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each - -

D® to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each -

D* to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning calculated upon an Average of Four Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6d.a Week each - - - -D* . - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each -

D* - - - to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at 50/. a Year each - -

Allow ances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -

D* - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences

at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each Private Man and Drummer -Cloathing for 30,840 Private Men, at 1/. lor. each -

D* - - for 1,<542 Serjeants, at 3/. 10*. each -

D° - lor 1,200 Drummers, at 2/. each -

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at 1/. each Subsistence to 40S Captains, at 7 s.6d. each per Day, for 28 Days - - - -

D* - - to V 1 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 6i

each, for 2.8 Days -

D* - - to 435 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for 28 Days -

£. s. d.

43,176-----

7,665 — — 28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168-----

455 -

638 15 — 1,079 8 —

3,500---->

4,000 — —

10,023-----

46,260-----

5.397 -

2,400---- — .

108-----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827 -

179,766 n —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Port Office The House being informed that Mr. Ac-

IteTenue. countant General to the Poll Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Grofe Net Produce and Charges of the Management of the Revenue of the Post Office (including Sent/andand Ireland) for Three Years, ending

the 5th of April 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Hinckl«y,&e, Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His R°a4 present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's-end; and from or near the Guide Post at JValcot Town's-end, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in fVelford Field, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Hungerford, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Coals shipped Coallways.

The House being informed that Mr. Robinson, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to th® House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Fees taken, exclusive of Stampt Paper, upon Coals Clipped Coastways at the Port of Whitehaocn, when they are at and below: 20/.

Value, separately, and including the Charges of the Bond.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Vol. 39.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Standard of Sheffield Wrought Plate, within the Town of Sheffield, affera- Plated bled at their last Annual Meeting, appointed by an Good* Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Matters, for " assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield " and Birmingham," and of the principal Manufacturers of Wrought Plate, and of Silver Plated Goods, within the Town of Sheffield aforesaid, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by the said Act, it is enacted,

10 O that

878 a° — 30 Februarii. A. 1784.

that it shall be lawful for the A flayer, or such other IVrfon ns the W ardens for the Time being shall appoint, to oik, demand, take, oiul receive, of and from nil such PrtTon and Persons as shall, from Time to Time, brinj» to the A flay Olliec any Piece of Wrought Plate to be allayed, tried, and marked, Inch Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as they shall think fit, so as the same do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling for every Pound Troy, anil proportionally for every greater or lesser Quantity of Plate so allayed and marked; which Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, allowed to be taken for allaying W rought Plate, are inadeipiate to defraying the neceflitry Expences of the said Allay Office; and that it is also by the said Act enacted, that if any Working Silvcrsmith, or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any other Metal plated or covered with Silver, shall strike, or cause to be struck, any Letter or Letters, upon any Vessel, or other Thing, made of Metal plated or covered with Silver, or upon any Metal Vessel or other Thing, made to look like Silver, such Persons so offending shall forfeit tiic Sum of 100l.; and that, upon the wording of the said Clause, Doubts have ariien whether the Manufacturers of Goods plated with Silver (without being liable to the said Penalty) can or may strike his or their Name upon such Goods, and, in consequence of such Doubts, several of the Petitioners and others, Manufacturers of plated Goods, have been deterred. Cnee the puffing the said Act, from linking their Names upon plated Goods, whereby a proper Distinction betwixt the bell and word plated Goods is prevented, and all Emulation in that Branch of Business is done away, to the certain and manifest Prejudice thereof: And therefore praying such Relief therein as to the House shall Icem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Surrey, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Situation of Public Affairs requires the Exertions of k firm, efficient, extended, united Administration, entitled to the Confidence of the People, and such as may have a Tendency to put an End to the unfortunate Divisious and DistraClions of this Country.

A Motion w’as made, and the Question being put, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the Continuance of the present Ministers in their Ollices is an Obstacle to the Formation of such an Administration as may enjoy the Confidence of this House, anil tend to put an End to the unfortunate Divisious and DistraClions of the Country;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{i[},rc } 223-

Tellers for the Noc*,{^; . } 204,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Pf solution Miuifteis.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Government Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the 1,1 bait fn«li» whole House, upon the Bill for the better Govern- Terntonrg* ment of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majel’ty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways ami

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Aleaus. whole House, to eonlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Slate of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^also,u consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Morley

lniloiure.

Pirac her

lUfulution

retarding

AdnuuiKiii-

htn.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Eftalcs, within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons and Wal’te Grounds, containing together Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feein meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Mr. Coke of Nottingham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend 1'oHiot Cornea all. Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached, upon Friday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, /Test minster*

R,solved, Xen inccontradicente, That it is the Opinion

of this House, That the present arduous and critical

03

Martis, 3° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III'" Regis, 1784.

Pra. y ers.

A PETITION of the Persons whose Names are Regtftry for thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of and Northum-within the County of Northumberland, possessed of berland. Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands in the County of Northumberland are generally Freehold, which may be so secretly transferred or conveyed from one Person to another, that those who are ill disposed have it in their Power to commit Frauds, by Means whereof several Persons, who, through many Years Industry in their Employments, and by great Frugality, have been enabled to purchase Lands, or lend Money on Land Security, may be undone in their Purchases and Mortgages by prior and secret Conveyances and fraudulent Incumbrances: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances,

Wills and other Incumbrances that shall be made of, or that may all eel, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Northumberland, in such Manner and Form, and under l’uch Regulations, as to the lloule shall seem meet.

Ordered

24 Geo. III. 30 879

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Algernon Percy, Sir Grey Cooper, and Sir IVdliam Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kiilhy* jilKrn Hifdi Jillir I le.itl

lioa'ls*

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Kirkby-StexcnHigh Lane Head, in the County of f Test moreland, through .$to " Bridge, in the County Palatine of and

" from Bracket i-bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kendal; and

" al(i), the Road from the Four Lane Furls in A fart h7« aite, to the Turnpike Road on Haase,

" leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said " County of ficstniore/and," was presented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Roads, which still remain due; and that the Money so owing, together with the loils collected upon the said Roads, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; but the same cannot be 1 Hi finally amended and kept in Repair, and the Mo* iny boriowed be paid olf, unless the Term and Powers mentioned in the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Dave may be given to bring in a Rill lor enlarging the d erm and Powers of the said Act, in Inch Mania r ns the Iloule shall think proper.

Unleitd, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir James

ther, tke.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bishop’s A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by

( aitle, Ac. virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year Hoad. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from " Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at and

" from Broctonto the Turnpike Road at AJinsti "in tiic several Counties of Salop,; and

" gomery;"and allb, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of and

A font gomery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into F.xecution, and have borrowed a confulcrable Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes; and alledging, that the Road branching out of the Turnpike Roads near the Foul Lane End Turnpike at Bishop’s Castle, and leading through Lydham and Lto in the Parishes of Lydham More and A in the County of Salop;

and also, the Road leading from I la thug Street, through the Parishes of Halford, and Cul-

vnngton, to the ’lurnpike Road between Ludlow and Wenlock, near a Farm called E/sage, in the said County; and all'o, the Road leading from the Town of through the Parishes of Clan, C/unhary, Hopesay,

don, and Stokesay, to the Ludlow Turnpike Road at Newton Green, in the Parish of Stokesay, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from the /

Vol. 39-

Street Turnpike Road, at or near Clungunford, through the Parishes of Clungunford, Hopton, Bedstone, and Bucknel, to Lingen Bridge, in the said County; and

allb, the Road leading from Bishop's Castle aforesaid, through the Parishes of Lydham and in the County of Salop aforesaid, and Snead, Churchstoke, and Forth 11, in the County of Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road leading from Alontgomery to Welsh Pool, upon Fordetis Heath, at or near a Public House called The Golden Hart, in the said Parish of Forden, and County of Montgomery; and also, the Road branching out of the last mentioned Road at Churchstoke, and leading to a Public Ilogfe called The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke aforesaid, in the County of Salop, and from thence to jgin thfc Turnpike Road leading from Newtown tow ards Bishop's . Castle, at or near a Place called The Saru, in the Parish. of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery; and also, the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road atv or. near'a Place called The White Gates, in the faief Parish of Chirbury, to join the Turnpike Road leading *frorn towards

Minster ley, at or near a Place called Lea Hall, in the Pari 111 of Worthen aforesaid; and also, the Road lead- ing from the Town of Montgomery, through the Parishes of Alontgomery, Churchstoke, and Kerry, in the County of Alontgomery, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Churchstoke to The Sam, at a Place called The Farm, in the said Parish of Kerry; and also, the Road leading from Alontgomery to the Finger Poll near Brynydcnccn, in the Parish of Llanin the County of Montgomery, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Welsh Pool to Newtown, through the Parishes of Montgomery and Llandyssil, in the County of Alontgo-mery aforesaid; -and also, the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle aforesaid to Montgomery, at or near a Place called The Aloat, and passing through the Parishes of Bishop’s Castle, Maimlone, and Clun, to join the Turnpike

Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Clun aforesaid, at or near a Place called Colestey, in the County of Salop; and all'o, the Road leading from the Foul Lane Fad Turnpike at Bishop's Castle aforesaid, under the Hull Orchard, in the Parish of Bishop's Castle, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle towards Clun, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occulion to pals along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe.and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads, hereinbefore described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Clive, Mr. Clive, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the River Sonderlaui and of the Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the *ort‘ County of Durham, named and appointed by, and by virtue

88o 3 Februarit.A. 1784.

virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering " more effectual, so much of an Act made in the " Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation and " Improvement of the River If'car, and Port and " Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham,"

" as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and " the River fVear between South or

" Ford, and the said Port and Haven," whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Commissioners named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of , and, by an-

other Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty King George the.First, for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, divers Powers were granted to Commissioners, named in the said first-mentioned Act, both, of which Acts are long since expired; and that, by another Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, divers Persons therein named were appointed Cominifli oers of the said River, Port, and Haven; and that, by another Act passed in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the continuing, amending, and rendering more " effectual, so much of an Act made in the Twentieth " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of " Sunderland, in the County of Durham" as relates " to the Port and Haven of and the Ri-

" ver Wear between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, " and the said Port and Haven," such of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Twentieth of his said Majesty’s Reign as were then living, and certain other Persons named in the said Act of the Thirty-feeond Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port, and Haven, for putting the two last mentioned Acts in Execution, within the Limits, and under the Powers therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, have expended very large Sums of Money in erecting a large Pier and Key at or near the Mouth of the said River, in deepening the Channel of the said Port, in making several necessary Alterations and Additions in the said Pier, and in making divers other Works for the Improvement and Security of the said Port, Haven, and River, whereby great Advantages have arisen to the Navigation of the said River; and that the East End of the said Pier, from the Force and Violence of the Sea and Land Floods, and the Badneis of its Foundation, is at present in a ruinous State, and likely to fall down, and, in case the same should fall into the River, the Petitioners apprehend it will be injurious to the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, elpccially as the Mouth of the River may by that Means be choaked up, and the Passage of Ships and VesscU in and out of the said Harbour thereby totally prevented, to the great Prejudice and Obstruction of the Trade and Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven; and that the Commissioners, for the avoiding thereof, have been advised by an able and experienced Engineer, and intended to have taken down a considerable Part of the said Pier, and to have rebuilt the same in a different Direction, so as that the Sea and Land Floods might not aft with such Violence thereon; and also be more beneficial to the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven; and they had actually begun that Work, but the Money to arise from the Duties granted by the said Two last mentioned Acts being infidiicnt for the Purpose of carrying on the said Work, they were thereby prevented from succeeding in the lame; and the said Work, and other Works which are ncceluny to be made and effected a.t the Mouth and other Paits of the said River, to render the said Port and Haven safe and commodious, cannot be proceeded in and carried on without further Duties being granted for that Purpose; and that the Expences of taking down and rebuilding that Part of the said Pier, and of such other Works, will, upon a moderate Computation, amount to 60,000l. and upwards; and that the Commissioners have borrowed Money on the Credit of the Duties payable by the said Acts, and are also indebted several Sums of Money on Account of the Works that have been carried on in pursuance of the said Acts; and the Petitioners are advised that the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven, might be further improved and extended, and that it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of the said Port of Sunderland, if the Wages of Persons, employed in casting Coals and Ballast from and out of Keels in the said River, Port, and Haven, into and from Ships and Keels there, were regulated and fixed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said several Acts of Parliament relative to improving and preserving of the said River, Port, and Haven, and to appoint Commissioners with full Powers to improve and extend the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven, and to raise sufficient Duties to be applied towards defraying the Expence of improving and extending the lame; and that the said Commissioners may have Power to regulate and fix the Wages of Persons employed in casting Coals and Ballast in the said River, Port, and Haven, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Eden, Mr. Jolliffe,

&c.: And they are to meet, upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxf-nd Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, C*mO. and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation at Longford, near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford, being Ninety-two Miles, and upwards; and were enabled to raise among themselves the Sum of

150.000 /. in Manner therein mentioned, for the Purpose of making and completing the said Cut or Canal; but that they have not been able to raise, by the Ways and Means in the said Act mentioned, more than 141,000l. which has been expended in the Execution of the Works; and that the said Sum of

141.000 /. not being sufficient to complete the find

Cut or Canal, the Petitioners obtained an Act, in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby they were authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Cut or Canal, the Sum of 70,000l. at legal or less Interest; and that the Petitioners have borrowed the said Sum of 70,000 /. at Four and an Half per Cent, and have completed so much of the said intended Canal, as extends from the Coventry Canal at Longford, to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is about Sixty-three Miles, and have

therein

Wiggenhall

£rauug«.j

44 Geo. III. 30 Febfuarii. 881

therein expended 210,300 /. and'upwards; and that {he Petitioners are desirous of completing the said Canal to the City of Oxford ',but find it will be necessary to have farther Powers granted them to borrow Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Petitioners to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, by Loan, not exceeding bo,000 at legal or lei’s Interest, on the Credit of the

Tolls of the said Navigation, and for carrying on, completing, securing, and preserving the same from Banbury aforesaid, to the City of Oxford aforesaid, and for making such Amendments as may be thought meet in the said Acts of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, and that such farther Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Robert Spencer, Sc.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Eduard Astley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of certain Marsh Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Ik, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ap ril 1774, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low " Grounds, in the Parish of Saint

" Magdalen, in the County of was read:

And,

Henry Bell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Commissioners under the said Act have, in pursuance of the Powers thereby to them given, rated and assessed the Lands and Grounds bounded and described by the said Act, at the Sum of Two Shillings per Acre by the Year, and have borrowed upwards of Six thousand Pounds upon the Credit thereof, which has been laid out in the erecting Mills or Engines, and other Works, and in the making of Drains, Cuts, and Sewers, for draining the said Lands, and other the Purposes of the said Act, from which the Owners and Proprietors have received Benefit — That the said Engines and other Works arc, by Length of Time, and otherwise, become ruinous and decayed, and have been found insufficient for the Purpose of effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds; and the said Drains, Cuts, and Sewers, are choaked and filled up: And the Witness further said, That the present Tax of Two Shillings an Acre aflclTed upon the said Lands, by virtue of the said Act, is now insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and to repair and amend the said Engines and other Works, and to open the said Drains and Sewers, and to make such new Works as may be necessary for the better and future draining and pre-

Vo l. SO.

serving the said Lands and Grounds: And the Witness further added, That the said Act is in some other Re-spefts defective, and requires Explanation and Amendment.

Mr.1 John Watte, Surveyor and Engineer, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and pre-'* serving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low " Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Mary

" Magdalen, in the County of NorfolkAnd that Sir Edu ard Astley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteea Mile Stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through to Llydiad

y Gwyn, in the Parish of Lland and from thence, by Cledfuch, and over Dales Bridge, to the Town of

Llandilojaxcr, and from the said Town along the Post Road by Rhwyradar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to 1'aveni Spite, in the Parish of Kijfig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; and also, of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the said County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the said Roads, which still remains due; and that die Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid oftj and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged; and Alleging, that the Road leading from Bridge, on the

Confines of the Parishes of Llangadock and in the said County of Carmarthen, by Bwkh-Wern Ddu, and through Tal-y-Sarn, to the River Usk, in the said Parish of Llandoysant, at the Borders of the County of Brecon, and leading to Irecastle, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from between the Three and Four Mile Stones in the said Parish of Mothvey, on the present Turnpike Road leading from Llandovery to Irecastle aforesaid, to a Place called Tyr-y in

Cxcm-y Du>r, on the Confines of the Counties of Car-

marthen and Brecon, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and in some Places impaftable for Carriages, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all Persons having Occasion to travel between Llandilo and Irecastle aforesaid, and between Llandovery and Irecastle, and of public Utility, if the said Roads were amended, and made safe and commodious; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended and kept in Repair, if the same were under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending and keeping in Repair the said new or additional Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

10 P And

Mothvey

Roads.

Plymouth, &c. Hoads.

Trtgony, Ire. Roads.

882 3a Februarii. A. 1784.

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, the Lord Sic.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and Hereditaments distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stone-house, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Means of the rapid Extension of Buildings and great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, and of the Towns of Stonehouse and Plymouth Dock, and also by Reason of a commodious Stone Bridge having been erected over the Creek of Stonehouse, whereby His Majesty s Subjects enjoy a safe, convenient, and short Communication from the said Borough, through the said Town of Stonehouse, to Plymouth Dock, the High Road leading from the Shambles through Frankford Gate, within the said Borough, to the said Bridge, is become so abundantly more used than it was wont to be, as to render the said Road grievously burthensome to the Petitioners and others in the same Predicament, who are in certain Proportions contri-butary by Law for the necessary Repair thereof; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Laws in being are inadequate to such ample and peculiar Powers and Provisions as are or may be necessary for altering, making, and maintaining, the said Road, in a Manner suitable to the Ease, Convenience, and Safety, of His Majesty’s Subjects passing and repairing over the fame, and also to afford such other necessary Accommodations, by lighting, watching, watering, and cleansing the said Road, and by regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the lame, as also for making such Rules and Regulations to be observed by the Owners and Drivers of such Carriages, as may be bell calculated not only to prevent Imposition and Confuflon, which at present prevail, but to preserve good Order in Time to come: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Parker,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Masterman reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition as well of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament of the Second Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of through Tregony,

" to Ruan Lanchorne, and from Dennis Water to " Three Hundred Yards on the South Side oiTrenthem " Mills, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Principal Inhabitants residing near the said Road, as also of several Creditors, who have advanced Monies on the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Hext being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said Road, and for that Purjiofe borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied — That nearly the Whole of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, feme additional Tolls granted, and the Powers thereby given altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanchorne, and from Dennis Water to Three Hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County: And that Mr. Masterman, Sir William Lemon, and Mr. Pracd, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born abroad, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees under an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for amending and widening the Road from the " Turnpike Road, at or near the Town of Swindon,

" to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough; and from the said Town of Marlborough " to the Village of Everleyin the County of " Wilts" was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present, who is an acting Trustee under the said Act, informed Your Committee, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads therein comprized, in the doing of which a large Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, hath been expended; that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid olF, and the said Roads be eflfeftually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the

" Road

Children born abroad, Nat.

Swindon, Scc. Roads.

24 Geo. III. 3* Februarii. 883

" Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near the Town " of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of " Marlborough, and from the said Town of Marlborough " to die Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts:'' And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

norough- A Petition of the Trustees of the Turnpike Road bridge Road, leading from Borough bridge, in the County of York, to Calherick, in the same County, and from thence to Peirsebridge, on the River Tees, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act Mas made, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Borough bridge, in the County of York, to Calherick in the same County, and from thence to Peirsebridge, on the River Tees; and that, by another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act were continued and enlarged; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have proceeded therein, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties, and applied the same lor the Purposes thereby intended, but find that the said Load cannot be effectually amended, and kept in sufficient Repair, nor the Monies due upon the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, Tolls, Duties and Powers granted by the said several Acts, in such Manner os to the House shall lectn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide rat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine tire Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Foljambe,

kc.: And thej. are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

H.>ekliffe,*e. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Road. thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and

others. Creditors of, and Trustees for repairing, the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and

Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Terms granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the said Road are nearly expired, on the Credit of which considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain unpaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road between " in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham," and also, to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, one other Act,

made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, " and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the " Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County " of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of " Buckingham.''

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is rcicrred to Mr. Grenville, the Earl Verney, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Vol. 39.

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Land and Right of Common within the Hamlet or Liberty of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewberry, and County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet, or Liberty, several Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are H

incapable* of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and allotted, and specific Allotments made to the Owners in respect of their several Properties, a great Improvement would be made therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting such Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, and Waste Lands, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purliiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. WinchcornbeHartley and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jonn Wilson, Schoolmaster of South Parish Leith, and of the other Persons whole Names are ^h°°Is ,m thereunto subscribed, for themselves and as a Quorum ot m ' of the Committee authorized by a General Meeting of the Mailers of Parish Schools in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held at Edinburgh, on the 18th September 1783, w’as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in consequence of the Establishment of Parish Schools, by virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1696, intituled, " Act for settling of Schools," the most beneficial Consequences have arisen to the Public, but by the Depression of the Value of Money, and Encrease of the Expence of Living, the Salaries thereby appointed to be paid to the Schoolmasters have become inadequate; and that the proper Education of Youth is an Object of the greatest Importance, and it will tend to promote this Object that a School be established in every Parish of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and that the Mailers of such Schools be more comfortably provided, and put upon a more decent and respectable Footing than heretofore: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more perfect Establishment of Parish Schools, and for encreasing the Salaries and Yearly Emoluments of the Parish Schoolmasters, and for rendering the Payment of their Salaries more certain and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Two following Resolution Resolutions of the House of Yesterday, might be respect ing read. MiniiUrs.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, Nernne contradicente. That it is the " Opinion of this House, That the present arduous " and critical Situation of Public Affairs requires " the Exertions of a firm, efficient, extended, united " Administration, entitled to the Confidence of the

" People,

State of the

Nation.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Smuggling.

884 3" — 5 ° Februa1784.

" People, and such as may have a Tendency to put an " End to the unfortunate Divisions and Distractions " of this Country."

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, " That the Continuance of the present Ministers in " their Offices is an Obstacle to the Formation of " such an Administration as may enjoy the Confidence of this House, and tend to put an End to " the unfortunate Divisions and Distractions of the " Country."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being propol'ed. That the said liesolutions ^e humbly laid before His Majesty, by such Members of this IIoulc as are of His Majestys Moll Honourable Privy Council;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " although, during a long Examination of the State '* of the Nation, no Charge has been brought forward and proved against the present Ministers, " who have repeatedly, but in vain, called for the " fame."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That the said Resolutions be humbly laid before His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s Most Honourable Privy Council;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Maitland,

Teilers far the Noe,: } 18?'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Wednesday the 24th Day of December last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fume, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be taken

into further Consider&tion upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,5° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III"* Regis, 1784. *

Praters.

A PETITION of the Trustees appointed for Saliord, fte.

putting in Execution an Act, pasted in the Road-Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain " Place in the Town of Salford to the Towns of " Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane " to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks in the " Township of Duxbury, and to a Place called The " Broad Oak in Worsley, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster," and also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Freeholders, of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Trustees therein named have caused great Part of the said Roads to be repaired, widened, and amended, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby-granted, which is now owing; and that the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is renewed, and the Term enlarged, thfe Money advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be effectually amended; and Alleging, that there is a public. Bridle Way or Horse Road leading from a Place called The South Sea, upon the Road between the Towns of Salford and Bolton, through the Townships of Pendlebury' and Prestwich, in the said County, into the Turnpike Road between Manchester and Bury, in the same County, which, if repaired, widened, and improved, and made into a public Highway, would be of great public Utility, by forming a nearer Communication between the said Towns of Warrington and Bury, and.

Rochdale, in the said County, and also between Part of the Two Counties of Lancaster and York, but the same is at present very narrow and inconvenient, and in many Places deep and founderous, and cannot be made and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, not only to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, but also to make, repair, and amend, the said Road from South Sea aforesaid to the said Road leading between Manchester and Bury aforesaid, under such Powers and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Foley, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose N«wk*v«n Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Bridge, the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Ferry over the River at Nerwhaven, in the County of Sussex, is very inconvenient for Passengers; and that it would be of great Convenience to all

Persons

Brmmeote 0«l«l House Road.

D^1»fnr»

Petition.

Longoor Luc iuiure.

24 Geo. III. 50 Februarii. 885

Persons travelling along the Sea Coast, and particularly to the Towns of Seaford Bright-heI nest one, Eastbourne, and many neighbouring VII-

lages, and also of public Utility, by opening a Coasting Communication between the Towns of Portsmouth and Dover, if a proper and substantial Bridge was built over the find Kiver, at or near the said Ferry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Or(kred, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlkleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap|>cai* to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Medoasreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act. made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Brameotc Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Crols Pott upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Jfeanorand Shipley, in the said County of Derby,

and from Trouell, in the County of , to

the Town of Nottingham, except (b far as relates to the Road leading trom Ilkeston to the Town of ShipUy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; und that the Committee bad gone through tiic Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w Inch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fc-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trisoners confined for Debt in The New Gaol, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Owners of Lands in the Opeo Fields and Undivided Inclosures, and also of Lands and Tenements having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Lordship of Languor, in the Parish of Allstonfield in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the fetid Manor and Lordtliip, certain Open Fields and Undivided Inclosures, containing about 160 Acres, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, and also certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing about 300 Acres, on which the Petitioners and other Freeholders, Owners of Messuages and Lands in the said Manor and Lordlliip, have Right of Common; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Public in general, as well as to the Petitioners and all others having Right tlrerein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House flia.il seem meet Yol. 39.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger ford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, accord- Wiggenhall ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, Drainage, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen " Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of JPiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of " NorfolkAnd the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House,

That His Majesty had beeu attended with the Resolutions of this House of Monday last, which were ordered to be laid before His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, That He will take them into His Confederation.

Mr. Masterman presented to the House, according Tregony,*c. to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road#, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Laneborne, and from Dermis Water to Three Hundred Yards on the South Side of Trt-thim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Anlwtr to upon the 23d Day of January last, " That the Di- Resolution#. " rectors of the East India Company do lay before " this House, their Opinions, together with the Accounts and Estimates on which such Opinions shall " be grounded, as to the Mode and Extent of Parliamentary Interference, which, according to the " Information and Belief of the fetid Directors, would " prove an effectual Relief to the Company in the " Respite of Duties for such Time as the Exigency of " the Company’s Affairs may appear to require, and " in permitting the Acceptance of unaccepted Bills,

" so that they may become payable at such Times " as it shall appear that the Company will, in the " ordinary Course of their Affairs, be able to pay the " fame," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That Mr. Morton, Secretary to the East India Company, do attend the House upon Monday Morning next, to inform the House, why the said Order has not been-complied with.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro Lord# Pro-poled, that a Committee be appointed to inspect the ceedingson Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Resolution# Proceedings or Resolutions of that House, relating of tlj* House, to any Resolution of this House of the 24th Day of December last; and to make Report thereof to the House;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Resolution, " and inferring the Word *' Resolutions" instead thereof; and by inferring after the Word " December," the Words " and of the 12th and 16th Days of

And the Question being put, That the Word " Resolution" (land Part of the Question;

It passed so the Negative.

10 Q And

Smuggling.

Debtors Petition.

Tavistock, 4c. Roads.

886 5° — 6° Februarii. A. 1784*

And the Question being put, That the Word " Refutations’* be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words ts and of the 12th and 16th Days of January" be inserted after the Word " December i

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Proceedings or Resolutions of tliut House, relating to any Resolutions of this House, of the 24th pay of December, and of the 12th and 16th Days

of Jaiuiary lad; and to make Report thereof to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Eden, Sir Grey Mr. fox, General Conway, the Lord North, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Powys: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Sums borrowed, and the Principal of the Debt created thereby, from the Year 1776 to the Year 1783, both irjclusive, with the Amount of the Annual Charge, the net Produce of the respective Funds for paying the fame, for the Year ended the 10th of October 1783, and the Surplus or Deficiency of each Fund for that Year.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Wednesday the 24th Day of December last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon Wedne Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Februarii;

Anno 24* George IIP" Regis, 1784.

Pea tees.

A PETIT ION of the Insolvent Debtors confined at Maidstone, in the County Gaol for Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition, as well of the Trustees acting under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the Fird passed in the 2d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Pand other Places in the County of Devon; and the other of them

})adbd in the 12th Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, or enlarging the Term and Powers of the said First Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mat there Street and Lower Brook Street to CherrySrook, and to Diuuiab ridge Pound, and from the Calling ton Turnpike Road to Moncelham, and New Quay, in the said County; as also of the Creditors on the Tolls collected and levied on that Part of the said Roads which leads from the Lower Market House in Tavistock

03

aforesaid, over Horrabridge by Atanadon Gate, to Old Town Gate in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate aforesaid to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and of the principal Inhabitants residing near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said first-mentioned Act, it was provided, that the 'lolls to be collected upon that Part of the said Roads which leads from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate, to Old Town Gate in PlymotUh, and \rom Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof .(liould be applied in erecting a Bridge across the River Tavy, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said last mentioned Roads only; and, that the Tolls to be collected upon the other Branches of Road in the said first Act mentioned, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, should be applied for the Repair and Improvement of such Roads from which the Tolls should be respectively collected only; ami that, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the Sum of 7,102/. 11 a. 7 bath been borrowed upon the Credit of foe Tolls on the said Roads leading from die Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate, to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Qld Pound near Plymouth Dock, and Imth been expended io erecting a Bridge across the said River, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said last mentioned Roads; and the Tolls and Competition Money collected upon the said last mentioned Roads have also been applied to the Payment of the Interest due on the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said Ialt-mentioned Roads; and that the said last mentioned Roads qow are in bad Repair, and a great Part thereof so ruinous as to be unfete for Passengers, and many Parts are now under Indictments for want of Repair; and that the present Tolls and Competition Money ate insufficient to repair the said last mentioned Roads, and to keep down the Interest of the Money already borrowed on the Credit thereof, and to defray other incident Expences, whereby the Credit of the said Roads is so low, that the Trustees are unable to borrow any more Money thereon and to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in one or more Bill or Bills for the Purpose of repealing so much of the said Acts as exempts from Payment of Toll, on the said last mentioned Roads, Carriages, Horses, Cattle, or Beasts, laden only with, or going unloaden for, or returning unloaden, having been only loaden with, on the feme Day, Turf, Peat, Coppice Wood, Faggots or other Wood, Furze, or Coals, for Fuel only; and for authorizing the Trustees of the said Acts to double the Tolls on the said last mentioned Roads on Sundays: and also to change the Situation of the Turnpike Gates upon the said Roads, or make additional ones for the Purpose of increufing the Amount of the said Tolls, and thereby enlarging the Fund appropriated to the Repair of the said Roads; and likewise to borrow a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and for enlarging the Powers granted by the said Acts of Parliament, for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads; and for the giving the Petitioners such further and Other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rollc, Mr. Master man, &c.: And they are to meet* upon Morning

next, ut Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

Vlv TlKHlth, *C. ltoud.

York

Bu i iings

Coiiifuiuy

tliaUra.

24 GEO. III. 6° Februarii. 887

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pfelented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application is made to the House for repairing, lighting, watching, and watering the Road from The Shambles, within the Borough of Plymouth,

through FraulfordGate to Bridge, in the County of Devon; and Alleging, that the Road leading from the Western End of the said Bridge, to the inner Barrier Gate next the Plavhouse, in the Parish of Stole Damarel, in the said County, being about

1 five hundred Yards in Length, is ruinous, and not properly lighted, watched, or watered; and that if Provision was made in the said Bill for those Purposes, it would be attended with great Convenience to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordend, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and Hereditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrews within the Borough of Plymouth,

in the County of Devon, and of the Principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of house, in the same County, whole Names are thereunto fubicished, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fa me, us it Dull appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Reverend Vincent, Doctor in Divinity, Edward BeJohn Foote, William

Speer, and Timothy Lane, Esquires, on Behalf of themklves, and all others the Stockholders of the 1’ork Buildings Company, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for altering and amending an Act passed in the 17th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting " t!ie Sale of Estates in Scotland belonging to the " York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their

" Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates paid into the Bank of England, to be distributed among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and Setting forth, That the Stockholders of the said Company, after Payment of the Company’s Debts, arc entitled to whatever Surplus shall remain of the Money arising from the Sale of the said Estates, or otiwrwife, belonging to the said Company; and the Petitioners conceive it will be very much for their Advantage, and for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the Property of the Company, that the whole of the Money in the Hands of the Purchasers of the said Estates, or the Persons who have been concerned in the Management of the Affairs of the said Company, and of all Persons in any wise indebted to the Company, should be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, subject to the Directions and Restrictions contained in the said Bill; and Alleging, that the said Governor and Company hare long been considered as Insolvfrnt, and no Payment for any Interest in respect of the Stock of the said Company has l>een made for Fifty Years past, and upwards; and that, at a General Meeting of the Stockholders of the Company, held at the Civum and Anchor Tavern in The Strand, the 20th of December 1783, called together by public Advertisement, to consider of the Petition of the Bond Creditors of the Company. tlu n before the House it was unanimously resolved. That the Stockholders assembled at that Meeting did concur with the Bond Creditors in the Plan proposed in their Petition to Parliament, for Pay-

Yol. D9.

ment of the Debts of the Company; and that the ' Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves and the other Stockholders of the said Company, are desirous that some proper Provision may be made in the said Bill, for distributing whatever shall be the Surplus belonging to the Company, after Payment of all Debts and Demands on them, among the Stockholders, in proportion to their respective Interests therein: And

therefore praying, That this Petition may be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, in order that a proper Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the Benefit of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief in the Premises, as shall appear to the House just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said'

Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Most Noble Harry Duke of Bol- Ley-bum ton, Lord of the Manor of Leyburn, in the Parish of I»closure, Wsnsley, in the County of York; and of Jacob badie, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Wensley; and also, of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages and Lands within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor, a certain Common or Moor, called Leyburn , or

Moor, containing One thousand Acres, or thereabouts, which is not, in its present State, capable of being improved to the best Advantage, and doth not afford to the Proprietors thereof the Benefit that would re-fult to them by an Inclosure and Division thereof into just Proportions, according to their respective Rights and Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Common or Moor, called Leyburn Moor, according to the respective Rights and Interests of the Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chaytor and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term aDd Bramcote Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Yftur of the Odd Houft Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Road-widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Crofe Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston, to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trcrwell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham, except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 12. 1. 20. After " Derby, " to insert " or in the Town and County of the Town of " ham."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkestoto the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham, except so for as relates ta the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley.

888 6° Februarii. A. 1784.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dov*r A Bill for the more enly and speedy Recovery of

Sm*U D«bt*. Smajl Debts, within the Town and Port of Dover, and the Parishes of Charlton, Buchland, River, Ewell, Lydden, CoUlred, East

xroutd. Saint Margaret’s at Cliff, otherwise

Beausfield, Guston, Hougham, otherwise Huff ham, Cap/e Lt Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dover Castle, in the County of Kent, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Henniker, Mr. Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the (’lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Barnstaple A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Road. are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Bishop's Taxcton, Landkey, and Swimbridge, by Hannaford Village, over The Ridgeway, to a certain Place called Kesscott Hill, from whence the Southmolton Turnpike Road leads to the Town of Southmolton, in the said County of Devon and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishop's Taxcton, Landkey, Szcimbridge,

ley, and Chulmleigh, to a certain Moor, or Common, in the said Parish of Chulmleigh, called Beacon, otherwise Bicton Moor, from whence the Southmolton Turnpike and Poll Road leads to the City of Exeter; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishop’s Tawton Tawstock, Atherington, High , Burlington,

and Aish-Reigney, to a certain Place called Hansford Bridge, and from thence, through the Parish of Chulmleigh, to the Town of Chulmleigh in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tawstock, Newton, Fremington, Alverdiscot, Huntshaw, Torrington commonly called Great Torrington, Little Torrington, Peters Marland, Petrockstorw otherwise Padstow, Meath, Hatherleigh, Jacobstow, and Inward-leigh, to a certain Place called Folley, in the said Parish of Imcardleigh, from whence the Turnpike Road leads towards the Towns of Oakhampton and Plymouth, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tawstock, Fremington, Westleigh, and Bide ford, to the Town of Bidcford, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Bideford, through the several Parishes of Bideford, Wear, Gifford, Huntshaw and Torrington, to the Town of Torrington, in the said County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, thereby granted; which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Principal Sum of 10,000l. with its Interest, still remains due upon the Credit thereof, which cannot be repaid unless the Term be renewed, and the Powers of the said Act enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for such further Term j and, that the Road leading from the said Town of Barnstaple through the several Parishes of Tawstock, Nezclon, Fremington, Alverdiscot, Huntshaw, Torrington commonly called Great Torrington, Little Torrington, Peters Marland, Petrockstozc otherwise Padstow, Meath, Hatherleigh, Jacobstow, and Inwardleigh, to a certain Place called Folley, may extend no farther than the said Town of Hatherleigh; and that the Clause of Exemption, granted to the Inhabitants of Southmolton, for palTing Toll-free on Fridays, and on the Day the Fair is held for Sale of Cattle at Barnstaple, Yearly, in the Month of September, may be repealed; and that the Clause of Exemption for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages laden with, or going for Culm to be used in the burning of Lime, may also be repealed; and also, that a Clause be inserted in the said Bill, that a Ticket taken at one of the Gates adjoining to Barn* staple, or Bidcford, shall not exempt Passengers from Payment of Tolls at the Gate called Torrington Bridge Gate, and that a Ticket taken at Hatherley Gate shall not exempt Passengers from Payment of Toll at Torrington Bideford Lane Gate, and with such other Alterations and Amendments therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clevland, Mr. Rolle, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Newto* Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of His pre- Abbott sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the ltoads Koa from the South End of Nezvton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness: and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott's Kerswell to Five Lanes, and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Nezvton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton War-borough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay; and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holdsworth, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Suffori acting in and for the County of Stafford, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Stafford, in and for the said County of Stafford, on Thursday the 15th Day of January, in the Year of Our Lord 1784, and others His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present County Gaol at Stafford is ill constructed, too final),. greatly gone to Decay, and insufficient for the Security and Accommodation of Prisoners; and that the House of Correction at Stafford aforesaid, belonging to the said County, to which there is no Court or Outlet, is an insecure and incommodious Building over a Gateway belonging to the Corporation of Stafford; and that the Building of a new County Gaol in a proper Situation, and converting the present Gaol into a House of Correction, would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the said County; and that certain Sums of Money, which have from Time to Time been raised within the said County for public Purposes, amounting in the Whole to 3,600l. or thereabouts, now' remain unapplied: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new County Gaol for the said County of Stafford, purchasing Lands whereon to erect the fame, converting the present Guol into a House of

Correction,

4 Geo. III. 6° Februar 889

Correction, and applying the Sum of Money above-mentioned towards those Purposes, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as the House shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the fai J Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , the Lord

Lewisham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office of Ordnance, attended at the Door; he Works at was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Dock ^ardl< pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the whole Expence which will probably be incurred in completing the several Works at Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Sheerness

Landguard Fort, Yarmouth Roads,

Lyme Regis, and The Isle of Man, for which Sums are demanded in the Estimate of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House on the 4th Day of December 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE (pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 12th December 1783) of the whole Expence which will probably be incurred in completing the several Works at Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Sheerness, Gravesend, Tilbury, Fcversham, Landguard Fort, Yarmouth Roads, Woolwich, Lyme Regis, and The Isle of Man, for which Sums are demanded in the Estimate of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House on the 4th Day of December 1783.

Sums required for the Year 1784.

Estimate of the whole Expence in completing the several Works, for which Sums have been required.

Repairs

PORTSMOUTH:

- £5.3^7

This Article contains the Repairs on the old Works, Portsmouth Barracks, Governor’s House, and other Buildings,

At Lump's Battery,

EustneyBattery, Portsea Lines,

Portsea Bridge,

HurflCastle, Calshot Castle,

Yarmouth Castle,

Sandoun Castle, And Pay of Engineers, Overseers, Qc.

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort, £.5,000

For new Works

- X-8,oooo

This was chiefly intended for those Works called the New Works, nearest the Dock Yard.

Towards carrying on the Works at Fort

---- X- 10,000

ton

Towards building a Fort at Stokes Bay - 11,000

The Wall at Ilaslar Hospital - £. 3,000

This Sum is all that is now wanted; but being for Repairs, it is impossible to ascertain what may be wanted in future. To judge from the past, it may amount Annually to nearly the same Sum.

Colonel Archer, the Engineer, reports, that the completing the Works at Cumberland Fort, will amount to 20,830/. lltf. 2d.

Colonel Archer's Estimate to complete these Works is 101,000l.; but if other Plans for securing Portsea Island are carried into Execution, it is probable a great Part of this Expence may be saved.

The Engineer, Lieut. Colonel Moncrief, being Abroad, the exact Estimate cannot so well be ascertained; but it is supposed may amount to about 20,000l. more.

Colonel Moncrief's Estimate to complete this Work amounts to 40,676 /. 5 s. 11 d.

To this Expence of the Wall must be added that of a Parapet, which will amount to 609 /. 1

Vol. 39.

10 R PLYMOUTH;

.﻿890

6° Februarii.

A. 1784*

Works at Dock Yards.

For the Repairs of the Lines, Citadel,

Nicholas Island, Dartmouth Custle,

St. Mazes,

Stilly Island,

Obelisk

Governors House, Barracks,

Pay of Engineers, Overseers, Sic. - -

PLYMOUTH:

This Sum is all that is now wanted j but being for Repairs, it is impossible to ascertain what may be wanted in future. To judge from the past, it may amount Annually to nearly the same Sum.

£ 5.648

Towards building a new Fort at and towards

finishing the Redoubt on the Right of the Works at Maker - - - - 8,000

The Plans or Estimates for the Works at Merrifield are not yet sufficiently settled, so as to fix the precile Sum that w ill be required to finish them.

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of Barracks,

Upnor Castle,

Gillingham,

Cockhamwood,

Honcness,

Engineers,

Overseers, 8$c.- £-3,757

For the Redoubts and the Lines - - 8,236

SHEER

Building a Powder Magazine £.2,355. 12. 9.

To repair the Breakwaters, fife. - - 1,429

Towards the Works at the King’s Lines and Fort Tmcnshend, and for making the Sluice - £. 4,000

For finishing the Well - 1,000

This Sum is all that is now wanted; but it is impossible to ascertain what Repairs may be wanted in future. To judge of the past, it may Annually amount to nearly the same Sum.

The further Expence of completing these Lines w ill depend upon the System of Fortifications that may be adopted in respect to this Poll; but from the Report of the Engineer, the present Demand leems necessary at all Events.

NESS:

The whole Expence.

This will probably be an Annual Expence.

To complete these Works upon a reduced Plan, will require a further Sum of 5,000 /.

This Sum will complete it.

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Works and Repairs - - ^0. 5,197. 14. 2.

This completes the Batteries at Gravesend; but an Annual Expence for Repairs, of about 1,500l. maybe neccll'ary: and perhaps the Magazines at Tilbury may loon require rebuilding, or a considerable Repair.

For new Buildings -

FEVERS II AM:

- £. 2,000

The Engineer reports, that this is for completing the new Buildings for making Gunpowder. An additional Expence, of about 500l. may be necessary for Repairs.

LANDGUARD

24 Geo. III.

6° Februarii,

891

For the new Works

L

ANDGUARD FORT:

- jG- 10,619 I By the Engineer’s Report, this completes the ----- I Works.

Works at Dock Yards;

For keeping up the Works

YARMOUTH ROADS:

- -£-411

This will probably be an Annual Expence;

WOOL

To convert the Sand Wharf into a Shot Yard, for the new Sea Storehouse - - - - 200

LYME

To repair the Breaches in the Pier commonly called The Cobb - - - - 3,006. 2. 11.

W I C H:

This Sum will be sufficient for this Purpose. Additional Buildings are wanted; viz.

A Powder Magazine - - - 3,230,

besides a considerable Quantity of Sheds and Store-houses, and making the new Ground where the Convicts are now working; but Plans and Estimates have not as yet been prepared.

REGIS:

This Article is completed, but ieems by no Means to belong to the Ordnance Department.

ISLE OF MAN:

For erecting Batteries - a - - £,. 1,200. I This will complete all that is intended.

The foregoing Anfuers contain every Information that the Office affords, in Obedience to the Orders of the House; but they do not include the Whole of the Works intended for the Three principal Dock Yards of Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham.

in the Report laid before this Honourable House, on the Estimate of the Ordnance for the Year 1783, it was observed, " The Fortifications at Home depend upon the System that may be adopted. At the Cloie of " the lait War, the few Field Works that had been thrown up were totally neglected, and suffered to go to Ruin; " the (.'onfcquence of which was, an immense sudden Expence at the breaking out of this War. An opposite " Extreme of Fortifying every where has been since pursued. It is at present proposed to confine future Works to the principal Dock Yards. It is computed that to render and Plymouth complete, will- require

" 4 or .',00,000l. which, at 30,000l. per Annum, will be done in Eight or Ten Years. The other Sums for Fortifications are only for Repairs and Improvements of old Works, and to finish such Works in various Places " as are nearly done, or may be in lbme Degree completed at a small additional Expence, without which that " already laid out would be entirely thrown away."

The particular Plans will require much Time to digest and estimate. Improvements may be suggested, and Variations uppear adviseable, as the Ground is cleared, and the Works go on; but it is believed the whole Amount for Portsmouth and Plymouth need not exceed the Sums above mentioned. — The System for Chatham is now under Consideration; until it is determined, no Guess can be made as to the whole Expence that may attend it

No new Works of any great Importance are intended in any other Part of the Kingdom.

Richmond, &c.

Master General.

Office of Ordnance, JV. Hove,

Gth February 1784. G. Cranford,

Thef

Vo I.. 3!).

Ordered,

6° Februarii. . 1784.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

*>r°" The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee IUfoUnions appointed to inspefct the Journals of the House of of the House. Lords, with respect to any Proceedings or Resolutions of that House, relating to any Resolutions of this House of the 24th Day of , and of the

12th and 16th Days of January last, and to make Report thereof to the House, That the Committee had searched the said Journals accordingly, and had taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein respecting the said Resolutions; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Proceedings or Resolutions of that House, relating to any Resolutions of this House of the 24th Day of December, and of the 12th and 16th Days of January last, and to make Report thereof to the House, have searched the said Journals accordingly, and have taken Copies of the Proceedings, and a Resolution of the House of Lords, on the 4th Day of this Instant February; which are as follow; viz.

Adhuc 4* die Feb, 1784.

The Order of the Day for the Lords to be summoned being read;

It was moved, That the Act of the 21st of George the Third, Chapter 65, might be read.

The same was accordingly read by the Clerk.

Moved, That a Resolution in the Votes of the House of Commons, of the 24th Day of December 1783, might be read.

The same was accordingly read by the Clerk.

Moved, That a Resolution in the Lords Journals, of the 27th of February 1704, might be read.

The same was accordingly read by the Clerk.

Moved, That Four Resolutions in the Votes of the House of Commons, of the 12th of January 1784, might be read.

The same were accordingly read by the Clerk.

Moved, That a Resolution in the Votes of the House of Commons, of the 1 (»th of January 1784, might be read.

The same was accordingly read by the Clerk.

Then it was moved to resolve, That an Attempt in any One Branch of the Legislature to suspend the Execution of Law, by separately assuming to itself the Direction of a discretionary Power, which, by Act of Parliament, is vested in any Body of Men, to be exercised as they shall judge expedient, is unconstitutional.

Which being objected to;

After long Debate;

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

{" . »'

E. Derby (NoMMtent 44 y^Proxies - 9

Resolved by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That an Attempt in any One Branch of the Legislature to suspend the Execution of Law, by separately assuming to itself the Direction of a Diferetionary Power, which, by Act of Parlia-

Tcllers,

100.

53-

ment, is vested in any Body of Men, to be exercised as they shall judge expedient, is unconstitutional.

Moved to resolve, That, according to the known Principles of this excellent Constitution, the undoubted Authority of appointing to the great Offices of executive Government is solely vested in His Majesty, and that this House has every Reason to place the firmest Reliance on His Majesty’s Wisdom, in the Exercise of this Prerogative.

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That, according to the known Principles of this excellent Constitution, the undoubted Authority of appointing to the great Offices of executive Government, is solely vested in His Majesty, and that this House has every Reason to place the firmest Reliance on His Majesty’s Wisdom in the Exercise of this Prerogative.

Moved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to acknowledge, with great Satisfaction, the Wisdom of our happy Constitution, which places in His Majesty’s Hand the undoubted Authority of appointing to all the great Offices of executive Government; we have the firmest Reliance on His Majesty’s known Wisdom and paternal Goodness, that He will always be anxious to call into and continue in His Service, Men the most deserving of the Confidence of His Parliament and the Public in general.

In this Confidence, we beg Leave to approach His Majesty with our moll earnest Assurances, that we will, on all Occasions, support His Majesty in the just Exercise of those Prerogatives which the Wisdom of the Law has entrusted to His Majesty, for the Preservation of our Lives and Properties: and upon the due and uninterrupted Exercise of which must depend the Blessings which His People derive from the belt of all Forms of Government.

The Question was put thereupon.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Lords following were appointed a Committee to prepare an Address pursuant thereto; viz.

Ld President,

L4 Privy Seal,

Ld Steward,

D. Richmond D. Gordon,

D. Queensberry,

D. Areas ter,

D. Bridgewater,

L* Chamberlain,

E. Denbigh,

E. Coventry,

E. Marchmont,

E. Ferrers,

E. Effingham,

E. Radnor,

E. Chatham,

V. Weymouth,

V. Falmouth,

V. Wentworth,

V. Mount Edgecumbe,

V. Howe,

Their Lordships, or any Five of them, to meet immediately in the Prince’s Lodgings, near the House of Peers, and to Adjourn as they please.

The House was adjourned during Pleasure; and the Committee withdrew to prepare an Address.

After some Time;

The House was resumed, and the Earl of Effingham reported from the Committee, an Address drawn by them, as follows; viz.

Most

L<* A bp. Canter- Ld Osborne, bury, Ld Grantham,

Ld A bp. York, Ld Grosvenor, L-Bp. Rochester, L1 Milton,

Ld Bp. Worcester, Ld Beaulieu,

Ld Bp. Lincoln, Ld Camden,

Ld Bp. Bangor. Ld Brudenell, Ld

Ld Sydney.

24 Geo. III.

6° — 90 Febraarii.

89?

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Y our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, acknowledge, with great Satisfaction, the \\ ifilom of our happy Constitution, which places in Your Majesty’s Hand the undoubted Authority of appointing to all the great Otlices of executive Government; we have the firmed Reliance on Your Majesty's known Wifdoin and paternal Goodness, that You will always be anxious to call into and continue in Your Service, Men the most deserving of the Confidence of Your Parliament and the Public in general.

In this Confidence, we beg Leave to approach Y our Majesty with our most earnest Assurances, that we will on all Occasions, support Your Majesty in the just Exercise of those Prerogatives, which the W ifilom of the Law has entrusted to \rour Majesty, for the Preservation of our Lives and Properties; and upon the due and uninterrupted Exercise of which mult depend the Dlcllings which Your People derive from the belt of all I orins of Government.

Which Address, being read by the Clerk, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the find Address be presented to His Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That the Jxirds with White Staves do wait on His Majesty, humbly to know what Time llis Majesty will please to appoint to be attended therewith.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Considerution upon Monday Morning next.

ChiMrea Ordered, That the Bill for declaring the Children

British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad, be printed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ditto, Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad.

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Ai«aas. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ibr railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

n

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of tiic Clock.

Linur, 9° dieTcbruarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1784.

L«ccft«r

Writ-

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of John Darker, Esquire, deceased.

Vox.. 39.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act Tregony, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre- ^oads' lent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Loslxcithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis to Three

hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Shint Just, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master man, Mr. Rol/e, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Af- Exeter Poor, fistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the 9th and 10th Years of King William the Third, the Petitioners were incorporated for the better maintaining of the Poor of the City and County of Exon, with Power to raise a certain Annual Sum for that Purpose; and, by another Act, passed in the 31st Year of King George the Second, they were impowered to raise a certain Sum, to discharge a then incurred Debt; and that the Petitioners were, by another Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, impowered to raise a certain Sum, for Discharge of a Debt then due, and also to raise an additional Annual Income for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and County, by the increased Price of Provisions, and the Expences incurred in embodying the Militia, the Petitioners have been obliged to contra6t a Debt of 3,500l. and upwards, which they are unable to discharge, and are therefore rendered quite incapable of anfuering the Purposes of the above-mentioned Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to raise Money for Payment and Discharge of their Debt, and also to raise such further Sum, for the more effectual Support of the Poor of the said City, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rode, Mr. Masterman,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, ' at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lethieullier presented to the House, according Andevor to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- tnclosure. mon Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods,

Waste Lands, and other commonable Places, in the Parish of Andevor, in the County of Southampton:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Foljambe presented to the House, according to Luml?y’s Order, a Bill to enable the Honourable Richard Name.

ley, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Savile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Howard, Sheffield, commonly called Earl of Surrey, was presented to the Street. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is a large and populous trading Town, wherein a

10 S Public

v.

894

Public Market is hoi Jen Twice in every Week, and a Public Pair Twice every Year; and that the present Market Place within the said Town is too (mail for the Use of the Inhabitants and others frequenting tire said Market, and the Passage along the Public Streets adjoining to the Market Place is greatly obstructed, and rendered very inconvenient to Travellers, by the Stalls and Standings necessarily placed therein on Market Days, and the present Slaughter Houses stand in a very improper Situation, and are frequently very offensive to tire Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the Petitioner is Owner of the said' Market Place, and the Shops and other Buildings erected thereon, and entitled to the Right of holding the said Market, and is also Owner of a very considerable Estate within the other Parts of the said Town, and the Neighbour* - hood thereof; and that the said Market Place might be much enlarged, and made more convenient, and the Railages through the adjacent Streets rendered safe and commodious, if certain ancient Houses, and other Buildings, belonging to the Petitioner and others, fitnate on the Ealt Side tltereof, were taken down, and the Scites thereof, and some vacant Ground adjoining thereto, were added to the present Market Place, and that a proper Place for llaughtering of Cattle might be built in some more convenient Situation; and that Application bath been made to the Petitioner by many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, requeuing him to enlarge the said Market Place, and to erect proper Shops and other Buildings thereon, and to remove the said Slaughter Houses; which Improvements, the Petitioner believes, would be of very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting thereto, and would also be advantageous to the Petitioner, and the future Owners of his laid Estate; wherefore the Petitioner is willing and delirous of causing the said Improvements to be done, in case he shall be enabled to raise, by Sale and Mortgage of some Parts of the said Estates, a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make the several Improvements before-mentioned, and to raile a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expences thereof, by such Ways and Means, and under such Re* strictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foljambe, Mr. ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Swindon,&c. Goddard presented to the House, according to

Hoad. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled " An Act for amending and " widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or " near the Town of to the North End or

" Side of the Town of Marlborough, and from the said " Town of Marlborough, to the Village of in

" the County of Wilts:" And the same was received; and read the l’irlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lunsford Mr. P lamer reported from the Committee, to whom

Mill Hoad*, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lunsford through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Coreys Mill, to Hit eh in, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to llitchin, in the County of I, was committed;

02

1784*

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition and Representation of Sir Ashton , Lem’* Knight, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Muftum, forth. That the Petitioner, in the early Part of his Life, having a Turn for Natural History, began to collect Specimens and Articles of every Kind, and, being flattered by his great Succcfs, resolved to remove his Museum to the Metropolis, not doubting but he could make it, by its Pre-eminence over all other Collections, of public Benefit, and a National Honour; and that, notwithstanding the Difficulty and Expence of this Undertaking, he entered upon it with determined Spirit, and pursued it in such a Manner as to have secured every capital Article that has offered itself, and, by selecting out of some Hundred Thousand Specimens, has actually formed a Collection superior to any Thing of the Kind in , or perhaps

to them all united, as it comprehends Subjects so rare and valuable as are not to be found in any other Cabinet; and that the Petitioner has perl'evered in this Pursuit at a very great Expence, encouraged by a firm Belief that it might be rendered worthy the Attention of the Public, in which he has been confirmed by the Opinion of Persons of the first Consequence; but it is now grown too great a Concern for any Individual, and that, notwithstanding this Collection has been thuB made, in Hopes that it would have been purchased for the Use and Benefit of the Public, yet, from the critical Situation of the Times, it has been thought improper to apply for the Indulgence of Parliament in the Mode he intended otherwise to have done, and it cannot easily be disposed of in the common Way of Sale: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and empower the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of the said Museum and Colle6iion, and the several Pieces composing the fame, in such Manner as the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall think proper, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament against any Sale or Sales by Way of Lottery or Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figures; and that such Sale or Sales lo to be made of the said Museum, and of the several Pieces composing the fame, by the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (before a Day in the Act to be specified) may be good and valid, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; or otherwise as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the pra;^s incio. Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waite jure.

Lands, in the Townships or Hamlets of Upper Br(tiles and Lower Brailes, within the Parish of in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Parish, Two large Common Fields, called The Upper Town Field and The Town

Field, and certain Common Meadows, containing about 3,000 Acres, and also several Commons or Waste Lands belonging to the said several Common Fields,

9* Februariu

Mothvey

Hood.

44 GeO. III. 90

Fields, containing about 1,000 Acres; and that the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and Commons or Waste Lands, and, in respect thereof, enjoy Common of Palturc for their Cattle upon the said Fields, und Commons or Waste Lands, at certain Times, and by a certain Stint, exclusive of all other Persons; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and other Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and Commons or Waste Lands, called Upper Twin Field and The Lower Town ,lie intermixed and dispersed in finall Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and by reason thereof, a sufficient Quantity of Manure cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespass’es and Disputes among the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, hud their Tenants, be prevented; and, so long as the said Common Fields, and Commons or Waste Lands, lie open and uninclosed, the same produce but little Profit to the Owners thereof, and arc, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors of the ii»id Open and Common Fields, and Commons or Waste l^amls, are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted amount the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective interests, which would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their reljxftive Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, adigning, and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and Commons of Waste Lands, arid fof such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feeui meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, nrfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Ladbrokeand Mr. Dawes do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Mr. Johnesreported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of the Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Gztyn, in the

l’urish of Llandilof'aur, and from thence, by and over Dales Bridge, to the Town of Llandihfmcf, and from the said Town along the Poll Road by,

through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Ki(/ig,

at the Borders of the County of; and also, of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the said County of Carmarthen, was referred; That the' Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at ttfeeu,.^ Table *

Where the same was read; and is as followed!;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the kn*

Act was read: And,

William Lloyd, Esquire, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; in doing which, the Tolls by the said Act granted have been duly expended, together with Four thousand and Eighty Pounds borrowed on the Credit thereof; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Being further examined; he said, That the Road leading from Pontarlleche Bridge, on the Confines of the Parishes of Uangaddock and Lkm, in the said County of Carmarthen by Bwich JVem Ddu, and through Tal y Sam, to the River Us/c, in the said Parish

of Llandoysant, at the Borders of the County of Brecon, and leading to Trecastle, in the said County; and also the Road leading from between the Three and Four Mile Stones in the said Parish of Mothvey, on the present Turnpike Road leading from Llandovery to Trecastle aforesaid, to a Place called Tyr y Mrysson, in Cwm y Dwr, on the Confines of the Counties of Carmarthen and Brecon, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, incbm-modious, and in feme Places im|)affable for Carriages; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if the said Roads were to be amended rind kept in Repair Urider the Management anc(

Direction of the Trustees of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term arid Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, to Taoem Spile, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said Coufity:

And that Mr. Johnes and Mr. Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Estimates, to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimateof His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1784: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessaTy for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; vis.

Tol. 39.

ABSTRACT

N;r*

896

90 Felruariu

A. 1784.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1784.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions and other Allowances

'I

sJ

4-' r Chatham

5- Deptford

6. > Yards/ Woolwich

m / Portsmouth

8. Sheerness

9-. „ Plymouth

- - - - - 27,912 3

.....10,900 5

.....4,200 5 —

.....3,640 11 4

..... 4,057 16 —

Portsmouth - - -6,126 10 —

.....2,434 8 6

.....- - 4,946 7 8,

10. Muster Master and other Officers of the Out Ports - -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Vi6luals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Riggings - -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c. ——

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - - '- -

] (>. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1784 - - - £.

£. d.

49,992 8 1

38,812 9 1

25,405 18 6

6,388 6 11

87,677 2 7

37,625 8 4

80,142-----

193,928 -

173,000-----

1,231 17 6 7,665 9 6

701,869 — 6

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1784, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and One thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds and Six Pence.

C/ftf* Middle ton,

J. WilUum,

Edw* Hunt,

Geo. Marsh, lVm Campbell,

Geo. Ro,

Sami Wallis.

NAVY

<5

o

n

NAVY OFFICE, 9th February 1784.

o An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be neceflury for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1784; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th November last.

t*

o

w

O

Place where.

Deptfokd

o

rj

Woolwich -

98

74

36

32

28

24

32

Sloop")

' 16 J Bomb

98

74

32

Ships Names.

Impregnable -

Windsor Castle -

Vanguard -

Inconstant -

Leda -

Iris ——

Thames

Thisbe -

Pomona -

Proserpine - -

Porcupine -

Recovery -

Favourite - -

L'Espion - - - .

Vesuvius -

Prince -

Boyne -

Minotaur - - - .

Thunderer _ - _ -

Defiance -

Dame....

Nature of their Repair.

Building -Ordered to be built Building -

Built - -

Built - -

Built - -

Good' - -

Built -

Middling Repair -Middling Repair -Middling Repair -Middling Repair -

Middling Repair -

Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

Building -

Building -

Ordered to be built Built - -

Built -

Good - -

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand -In Hand -

In Hand

No certain Time' can be named, but will be taken in Hand when other Works will admit -

In Hand '- - In Hand - - .

Completed.

October 1785 Uncertain October 1785

May 1784 -

1784 -

m\

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

Charge of their

Hulls, Mafl*, and Yards.

14.000 0,000 7,000 1,400 1,400 1,500 1,500 1,200

3.000 3,320 3,220 2,79° 1,200

540

1,050

12.000

10.000

5.000

1,000

Rigging and Stores.

5,470

4,830

3,130

1,770

4,170

3,600

2.570

2.000

3.000

2,100

1.140

1.140

3.000

6.480

6.480 1,680

TOTAL.

14,000

0,000

7.000 6,870 6,230 4,630 3,270 5,370 6,600 5,890 5,220 5,790

3,300

1.680 2,190

15.000

10.000

5.000 6,480 6,4*80

2.680

VO

c

<V*

1

oo

vo

Chatham.

Sheerness

Portsmouth - -

28

32

28

24

Fireship

Bomb

100

74

44

32

Fireship

98

74

40

Resource - -Apollo - - -Sibyl - - -Milford - -Amphitritz - -

Tisiphone - -

Etna - - -Terror -

Carcass - -

George -Queen Charlotte Leviathan -

Albion - -Serapis -

Brune -

Greyhound Megaera - -

Comet - - -Prince George Alexander - -

Alfred - - -Arrogant - -Russell - - -Robust -

Resolution - -

Anson -

Agamemnon Polyphemus -Artois -

32 Mermaid - -

44 Roebuck - -

Jupiter -Centurion

98

74

64

36

32

George -Prince of Wales Canada - -

Repulse - -

Phenix -

Heroine - -

Good....

Small Repair -

Small Repair -

Middling Repair - -

Small Repair -Good - - - - -Small Repair -

Small Repair - -Middling Repair - -

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built -Building - -

Good....

Good -

Good....

Good -

Good....

Good -

Middling Repair - -Small Repair - - -Small Repair - - -Small Repair - - -Good -

Middling Repair -Between Middling Great Repair -Small Repair - -Small Repair -

Small Repair - - Small Repair -

Building -'Between Small and Mid-I dling Repair - - -j

Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

and^j

Building - - - -Ordered to be built -Great Repair -

Good....

Good ---* Good -

Uncertain In Hand -Uncertain In Hand - ~

Uncertain Uncertain April 1784

In Hand

August 1784 March 1784 - May 1784 »

June 1784 -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

August 1784 - In Hand - - This Month - < November 1784

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

Uncertain -

Uncertain -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

Uncertain This Month Uncertain This Month

Uncertain

Uncertain

July 1784

Uncertain Uncertain Uncertain

Uncertain - -

June 1784 - -September 1 784 Augilft 1784

March 1784

September 1784

October 1784 -May 1784 - -May 1784 - -January 1785 -

December 1784

March 1784

Uncertain - -Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -March 1784

200 2,050 rs fc '< tt f» 2,250

- 3.150 2,890 6,040

- 360 2,770 3,130

ft 4.770 2,880 7,650

ft 350 2,900 3>-5°

ft 400 1,590 i,99°

- 1,950 1,59° 3,540

- 1,460 1,600 3,060

- 2,900 1,600 4,500

- 3,oooo ... 3,oooo

1,000 . 1,000

- 12,000 - 12,000

- - 3,400 3,400

- 1,860 900 2,760

1,840 1,460 3,300

- - 3,890 3>89o

i,95o i,950

- - 580 580

- 8,000 - 8,000

- 5,200 1,700 6,900

- 8,330 4,000 12,330

- 2,710 3,620 6,330

- 2,700 4*5oo 7,200

- 3,120 6,100 9,220

- 15,700 4,800 20,500

- 6,770 2,400 9,i7o

- 9,100 2,000 2,560 11,100

- 6,640 9,200

- 3,340 1,780 5,120

- 7,36o 2,400 9,/6o

- 6,160 2*350 8,510

- 4,340 2,620 6,960

3,5oo ... 3,500

- 6,000 4,200 10,200

- 1,000 m 1,000

- 1,700 - 1,700

- 1,300 4,390 5,690

- 1,880 50 1,930

1,800 1,800

OO

SO

OO

so

o

2

r

1

I — I

OO

Plymouth

River Thames

Firdhip Conflagration - - »

- Vulcan - - - *

98 Formidable - -

Duke

74 Magnificent - *

- Warrior -

- Alctde *

- Bedford -

44 Acteon --

- Endymkn - - - *

28 Aurora

100 Royal Sovereign - -

80 Cesar - - - - *

50 Medusa -

90 Ocean -

98 Atlas -

74 Dublin -

Fortitude - - - - *

64 Bienfaisant - -

- Beiliqiieiev - -

33 Diana -

- Ambuscade - -

a8 -Ptsgojtrj -

Good Good - - -Small Repair - -

Small Repair -

Small Repair -Small Repair - -

Small Repair Middling Repair -Small Repair - Small Repair - -Small Repair - -

Building -Ordered to be built Building

Small Repair -

Small Repair -

Small Repair - -

Small Repair *

Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -

Small Repair - -Small Repair - -

Very Small Repair

M E R C H A N

74 Ramillks ----- Building -

- Audacious ----- Building -

44 Expedition - - - - Building -

32 Southampton - - - - Great Repair - -

74 Terrible ----- Building -

- Swiftsure ----- Building -

32 Peor/ Great Repair - -

28 Lizard ---- Great Repair - -

32 Aquilon ----- Building -

28 Carysfbrt ----- Great Repair - -

6oo- 600

A 600 600

- Uncertain - Uncertain - - 11,600 5,78o 17,380

June 1784 October 1784 - 12,900 5,350 18,250

m November 1784 - December 1784 8,400 3.130 n,530

- Uncertain - Uncertain - - 7,640 4,860 12,500

- April 1784 - June 1784 - 8,000 5,370 i3,37o

- July 1784 - December 1784 - 18,000 3,530 21,530

In Hand A March 1784 - 4,390 *,$9° 7,38o

- In Hand A March 1784 - 3,’7o 2,840 6,010

- July 1784 October 1784 2,400 1,840 4,240

In Hand - - _ December 1784 - 8,660 6,200 14,860

- U ncertain - 1,000 - 1,000

- In Hand - May 1785 - 5,000 - 5,000

In Hand March 1784 5,000 - 5,000

A Uncertain Uncertain 3,48o 5,86o 9,340

- In Hand - - - April 1784 - - 5,150 5,040 10,190

a Uncertain Uncertain 3,000 5,040 8,040

- May 1784 - - August 1784 - - 3,000 4,390 7,39°

- April 1784 August 1784 - 5,150 5,4oo 10,550

April 1784 - August 1784 - 2,600 3,850 6,450

- July 1784 - October 1784 2,600 3,290 5,890

- Uncertain - - Uncertain 1,860 2,480 4,340

Total Kings Yar w 1 t 1 I 1 CO 345,oio 212,520 557,530

tO

o

w

o

T S YARDS:

In Hand - - - January 1786

- In Hand - April 1786 - -

- In Hand - - - June 1784 - -

In Hand - - - March 1784 - -

In Hand - - - July 1785 - -

- In Hand - January 1786

In Hand - - - March 1784 - -

In Hand - - - March 1784 - -

In Hand - - - September 1784 -

- In Hand - - - June 1784 - -

7,500 m m - 7,500

7,400 - 7,400

9,100 5,560 14,660

5,oooo 4,070 9,070

6,950 - 6,950

14,400 - 14,400

5,000 3,870 8,870

5,000 3,050 8,050

6,860 4,710 n,57o

7,000 2,850 9,850

00

\o

VO

Gravesend -

Frindsbury -

Sandwich

Sandgate

Dover -

Mistleythorne

Harwich

East Cowes -

36 Romulus -

28 Triton - -

74 Captain

44 Guardian -

32 Lmvestoffe -

74 Majestick -

- O r ion - -

32 Solebay

74 Tremendous

74 Zealous

32 Niger - -

74 Venerable -

Victorious -

- Hannibal -

Theseus

44 Adventure -

Gorgon

32 Boston - -

28 Maidstone

Building -Great Repair Building -Building -Great Repair Building -Building -Building -Building -Building Great Repair Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Great Repair Great Repair

74 Colossus

64 Director

Building -Building -

74 Bellerophon

32 Meleager -

Building

Building

Brig

Ferret

Building

28

Sloop"l

16

Hussar Hind -Alligator Dido -

Brisk -

Building -Building -Building -Building -

Building -

Lapwing Circe -

Building Building -

32

Terpsichore

Building -

74 Excellent

32 Castor -

Building -Building -

64 Veteran

44 Experiment

Building Building -

C2

us

n>

In Hand - March 178.5 - 4,160 2,470 6,630

- In Hand - - - March 1784- - 4,600 2,850 7,450

- In Hand - - - May 1786 - - 10,700 - 10,700

- In Hand - - - This Month - - 3,400 3>900 7,300

- In Hand - - - December 1784 - 8,000 2,000 10,000

- In Hand - - - August 1785 - - 8,700 - 8,700

- In Hand - - - April 1786 - - 7,800 7,800

- In Hand - - - September 1784- 6,560 2,710 9,270

- In Hand - - - November 1785 - 6,900 - 6,900

- In Hand - - - January 1786 7,400 - 7,400

- In Hand - - - March 1784 - - 5,oooo 4,070 9,070

- In Hand - - - April 1784 - - 10,380 4,470 14,850

- In Hand - - - 1 1 VO CO 1^ *0 12,180 3>48o 15,660

- In Hand - - - January 1786 7,400 - . 7,400

- In Hand - - . May 1786 - - 7,200 - 7,200

- In Hand - - - June 1784 - - 5,890 ,3,260 9,150

- In Hand - - - July 1784 - - 7,090 3,260 10,350

- In Hand - - - This Month - - 1,210 2,530 3,740

- In Hand - - - This Month - - 1,230 2,410 3,640

In Hand - _ February 1786 - 11,200 . 11,200

- In Hand - - This Month - - 4,750 5,000 9,750

In Hand - _ August 1785 - - 8,650 - 8,650

- In Hand - - " September 1784- 6,050 3,890 9.940

In Hand - - - March 1784 - - 1,250 1,050 2,300

- In Hand - _ June 1784 - - 5,390 4,170 9.560

- In Hand - - - September 1784 - 5,290 2,170 7,460

- In Hand - - June 1785 - - 2,59° 1,670 4,260

- In Hand - - - September 1784 5.290 4,170 9,460

- In Hand - - - June 1784 - - 1,720 2,050 3.770

In Hand - September 1784 - 6,39° 2,170 8,560

- In Hand «- - - August 1784 - - 5,290 4,170 9,460

- In Hand - - - January 1785 5,290 2,090 7,380

_ In Hand - February 1785 - 11,800 3,500 15,300

- In Hand - " September 1784- 5,900 3,880 9,780

In Hand - _ . March 1785 - - 6,760 3,400 10,160

- In Hand - - July 1784 - - 3,940 2,540 6,480

\D

O

o

1 — <

00

o

19 O

Shoreham aoopj Scorpion

North am - 74 Saturn -

64 Stately -

44 Beg ulus -

Bursledon - 74 Elephant -

44 Dover -

Woolwich -

36 " Crescent -

32 Blonde -

Blanche -

Bucklershard " 74 . Illustrious - -

64 Indefatigable -

44 Sheemess -

Itchenor - Chichester - -

Sloop! 16 X Nautilus -

Bristol - 64 Nassau -

44 Secern -

36, Melampus - -

Liverpool - 32 Andromeda - -

24 Squirrel -

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building Built -

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

CJ

o

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

- In Hand - m m July 1784 - - 2,550 2,600 5,150

In Hand - m July 1785 - - 7,800 7,800

In Hand - - - August 1784 - - 7,360 - 7,36o

In Hand - - - April 1784 - - 4,040 3,240 7,280

In Hand - a . January 1786 10,600 10,600

In Hand - - - March 1785 - - 4,800 1,900 6,700

In Hand - - . December 1784 - 6,6oo 2,000 8,600

- - - - - In Hand - - - March 1784 - - 7,290 1,860 9*,5°

In Hand - - - April 1785 - - 4,050 1,890 5,940

In Hand - - April 1785 - - 3,400 1,890 5,*90

In Hand - m . September 1785 - 7,300 - _ 7,3oo

In Hand - - - April 1784 - - 7,060 5,390 12,450

In Hand - - - January 1785 4,750 2,400 7,150

In Hand - - March 1785 - - 4,900 2,400 7,3oo

860 900 1,760

In Hand - m December 1786 - 5,200 . _ 5,200

In Hand - - - January 1785 - 6,230 2,770 . 9,00°

In Hand - - - September 1784- 7,3oo 4,260 11,560

In Hand - _ March 1784 - - 2,100 - *, 100

In Hand - - - January 1785 3,150 2,040 5,190

Total Merchai its Yards m m m m 404,900 42,980 547,880

Total Kings Yards m - 345,oio 212,520 557,530

Grand Total - - £ 749,910 355,500 1,105,410

6

w

o

NO

9

VO

o

«55

£ " 2

V

c*

Deptford -Woolwich -

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth -

Gibraltar -

On WORKS of the Yards:

Towards Improvements in the Victualling Premil'es at The Red House, by Admiralty Order, 23th November 1783 -

To completing the Wall round the New Yard ....

To completing the new Offices for the Clerk of the Checque and other Officers."

To completing the new Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf ——

To repairing Part of the Anchor W harf that is most in want of it - - - -_

To complete the new South Storehouse - - .

Tb 340 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf at the North Side of the Landing Hulk.-

To 100 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf at the West Side of The Watering Island -

To 110 Feet.in Length of Stone Wharf at the South East End of The South Camber -

To building a Stone Wall at Hallar Hospital ....

Towards building a new House and Offices for the Commissioner, not being in our Power to take it in Hand last Year -Towards Improvements in the Victualling Premises at Weevil -

To 20 a Feet in Length of Stone Wharf at the North Side of the Roathouse Channel -

To 150 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf at the East End of the Roat Pound ——

Towards carrying on 200 Feet of Wharf Wall on the East Side of the Mast Pond, with Three Walls, for forming the Locks for Masts, with Two Bays of Plank Houses over them ——

Towards forming a Dam for carrying on the South Pier of the Dock, agreeable to the original Plan, to be made at the North Part

of the Yard - - - - -.....-....

Towards carrying on the South Pier and Drains of the new Dock ——

Towards carrying on the Slip at the East End of the Northernmost new Mast Houses -

Towards carrying on and finishing the Marine Barracks, with a Suttling House and Infirmary, at Stonehouse, near Plymouth -

For reiuftating the Buildings, and repairing the Storehouses, Sheds, and other Buildings, destroyed during the Siege, inserted by Admiralty Order, 3d October 1783 -

Total -

4,00a

620

2,140

2,500

400

1,030

7.100

3.100 3)4io 1,800

6.000

4.000 6,200 4,650

4,990

4,200 3,830 100 ’ 5,oooo

8,000

73,070

Total for the Ships brought forward -

Grand Total -

1,105,410

1,178,480

J

g02 9 bebruarii. A. 1784.

t

CO

‘p

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards -

For the Ships in Merchants Yards

Hulls

Rigging and Stores

Hulls

Rigging and Stores

345»oiol - - - 557,530

212,520 J

404,900! - -. - 547,880

142,980/

Towards the Improvements in the Yards

73,070

Grand Total - - 1,178,480

Viz.

The Sum of One Million, One hundred Seventy-eight Thousand, Four hundred and Eighty Pounds.

4*

Chat Middleton, J. Williams, Edit/ Hunt, Geo. Marsh,

Sam1 Wallis.

K. B. The Ships in this Estimate are the most proper objects of Expence, under the present View of the Works carrying on at His Majesty’s several Yards; and the Sums, that may be laid out on them calculated accordingly.

But in the course of the Survey of the Fleet, it may be found that other Ships are in a better Condition than these here proposed, and more beneficial to the Service to 8've them a preference: it will, in such Case, become necessary to apply the Money agreeable to such Survey.

n 55

E?.

2 p

Geq. III. .' 9° Februarii 903

Mfndtn

luclofurt*

904 p° Februa 1784.

Ordered, That the said Estimatcs do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Earl of Derby, Lord of- the Manor of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, the Right honourable Earl of

Aylesford, Patron of the Vicarage Owner, of the Impropriate Tythes, and of about One Third Part of the Open Field Lands and Meadows, and of the old inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Meriden aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Anthony Blijs, Vicar of the said Parish, and of the several other Owners of Open Field Lands and Meadows, and of old iuclofed Lands within the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Meriden, about 100 Acres of Open Field Lands and Meadows, the Property of several Persons, lying intermixed in small Parcels, and in a very inconvenient Manner, in Parts of the Parish remote from each other, and subject, at particular Sea-fons, to a Right of Common over the fame, which it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors to enjoy in Severalty, freed and exonerated from all Manner of Rights of Tythes and Common, and for that Purpose to hnve specilic Shares allotted to them; and that there are also, within the said Parish, several old inclosed Lands, the Proprietors whereof are very desirous that the same should be exonerated from Tythes, and to make Compensation to the Impropriator and Vicar for their Right of Tythes over the fame; and that there is moreover, within the said Parish, a Tract of Heath, or Waite, confuting of upwards of 300 Acres of Land, and also some small Parcels of Land, lying dispersedly about the Parish, subject to the Right of Soil of the said Lord of the Manor, and to a Right of Pasturage of the several Owners of Estates in Meriden over the fame, but which, in their present barren and uncultivated state, yield very little Advantage to the Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Heath and Commonable Pastures may be applied (after making Compensation to the said Lord of the Manor for his Right of Soil over the fame) as to the Remainder of them, to go in Aid of the Satisfaction to be made to the said Impropriator and Vicar for their Right of Tythes over the said Open Fields and Meadows, and over the old inclosed Lands, Heath, and Commonable Places, and, if the Shares of the Proprietors of Open Field Lands and Meadows are not of sufficient Value to exonerate them, then that the Residue of the Satisfaction be made out of their Open Field Lands and Meadows for such Tythes, but, if the Shares of the Proprietors of old Inclosures shall not be of sufficient Value to exonerate them, then that the Residue of the Satisfaction be made by Annual Payments ilfuing out of such inclosed Lands, or by Sums in Gross, so far as relates to the Impropriate Tythes, as shall be agreed between the Parties and the Impropriator; and that the said Proprietors, at a numerous Meeting held at the Bull's Head in Meriden, on Saturday the 8th of November last (pursuant to Advertisements inserted in the Birmingham and Coventry Newspapers for that Purpose) entered into Articles of Agreement for carrying the said Matters into Execution, for which Purpose they appointed Commissioners to make Compensation to the Lord of the Manor for his Right of Soil over the said Heath and Wastes, and to the Impropriator and Vicar for their respeCiive Rights of Tythes over the said Heath and Wastes, and also over the Open Field Lands, and Meadows, and over the old inclosed Lands within the said Parish, to settle and determine the several Claims of Common Rights, both over the Open Fields and Meadows, and over the said Wastes and Commonable Places, and to let out specilic Shares for

02

the Proprietors of Open Field Lands and Meadows, and to do all other Things necessary for completing the said Inclosure and Exoneration; and that the said Commissioners have made a considerable Progress in the said Business, and will shortly complete the same; but the Proceedings under the said Agreement cannot be rendered effectual without the Sanction and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirming the Provisions made under the said Articles of Agreement, and the Proceedings of the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Calvert and the Lord Hinchingbrook do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom BamftapU the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ro;wk* thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Bishop’s Tawton, Landkey, and -bridge, by Hamiaford Village, over The to a

certain Place called Kesscott Hill, from whence the Southmolton Turnpike Road leads to the Town of Southmolton, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishop's Land-

key, Swimbridge, Chittlehampton, Warkley, and

leigh, to a certain Moor, or Common, in the said Parish of Chumleigh, called Beacon otherwise Bicto/t

Moor, from whence the Southmolton Turnpike and Poll Ro$d leads to the City of E.veter; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of through the several Parishes of Bishop’s Tom'ton. Taw-stock, Atherington, High Bickington, Barrington, and Aish Reigney, to a certain Place called Hansford Bridge, and from thence, through the Parish of to

the Town of Chumleigh, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tau'stock,

Newton, Fremington, Alvcrdiscot, Huntshaw, commonly called Great Torrington, Little,

Peters Marland, Petrockstow otherwise Meath,

Hatherleigh, Jacobstow, and Inwardteigh, to a certain Place called Folley, in the said Parish of Inrwardleigh, from whence the Oakhampton Turnpike Road leads towards the Towns of Oakhampton and Plymouth, in the said County of Devon; and also the Roads leading fron> the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tawstock, Fremington, Westleigh, and to the

Town of Bideford, in the said County of Devon; and also, the Roads leading from the said Town of Bhleford, through the several Parishes of Bidcford, Wear, Gijfard, Huntshaw, and Torrington, to the Town of Torrington, in the said County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied w'ith; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Charles Marshall being examined, laid, That a great Progress hath been made iu repairing the said Roads; in doing which, the Tolls granted by the said Act, and the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds borrow ed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended —

That

Tivistock, Ac. Koadw

24 Geo. Ilf. 90 Fehruafii.

That the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged.

Being further examined, he said. That iome of the Exemptions allowed by the said Act have been found prejudicial to the Roads and the Creditors, for which Rcalbn it is ex[*edient that they thou Id be altered or repealed; and that the Road leading from Hatherley to a Place cnlled Folia!, in the Parish of , Part

of the Roads coinprifed in the said Act, being very little used, the Trustees and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood are dHirons that the same should be excluded from the Provisions of the Act.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of Ilia present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of And that Mr.

Jiulle, Mr. Parker, Mr. Clcda, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Mr. Jiulle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition, as well of the Trustees acting under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the Pirft passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Dixon; and the other of them passed in the Twelfth Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said First Act, and for repairing and w idening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock uforcfdid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Calling ton Turnpike Road to Moruelham, and New Quay, in the said County; as also, of the Creditors on the Toils collected and levied on that Part of the said Roads which leads from the Lower Market 1 louse in Tavistock aforesaid, over by ManadonGate, to Old linen Gate in

and from Manadon Gate aforesaid to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock; and of the principal Inhabitants redding near the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the 1 louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Nicholas Mill, being examined, said, That the Trustees acting under the said Acts have, in pursuance of the Powers thereby given, borrowed the Sum of 7,102/. us. 7 d.upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted on the said Roads leading from the said Lower Market Honfc in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate, to Old Tow Gate in , and from Manadon Gate aforesaid to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, which hath been laid out and expended according to the Directions of the said Act — That the said lull mentioned Roads are in bad Repair, and in some Parts so ruinous as to be unsafe for Passengers; and some Parts thereof are now under Indictments for Want of Repair. — Ami the Witness further added. That the said Roads, and the Bridge, built in pursuance of the said Acts, cannot be kept in proper and sufficient Repair, unless the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the Composition Money paid in lieu thereof, arc increased, and some Vo 1. 39.

further Powers are given to the Trustees for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; add for repairing and widening the Road frond the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to and New Quay, in the said County: And 'that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Parker do prepare, and bring in,- the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lords Pro-' further Consideration the Report which, upod Friday °*

lati, was made from the Committee who were appointed „f\heHouse. to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Proceedings or Resolutions of that House, relating to any Resolutions of this House of the 24th Day of December, and of the 12th and 16th Days of January. last, and to make Report thereof to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Report was again read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examinfe into the Usage of either House of Parliament, to interpose touching the Exercise or Non-Exercise of discre-tionary Powers vested in the Servants of the Crown, or in any Body of Men, for public Purposes; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Erskine, Mr. For, Mr. Adam, the Lord North, General Burgoyne, the Earl of Surrey, General Conway, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Eden: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the lath Day Supply, of December last, was directed to be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; be received Tomorrow Morning,

The other Orders of the Day being read J

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Government Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the of India whole House, upon the Bill for 'the better Govern- Territories-ment of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies hr India.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- state of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

16 X

10'Februarii. 1784.

Mortis, 10* die FebruarU Anno 24a Georgii III*a Regis, 1784.

Praters.

I)«btor* A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Petition. xjL Debt in the Sheriff’s Ward in , in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and other unfortunate Prisoners for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

York Build- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, ing$ Com- <0 whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, Pany Estates. passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale of Eliates " in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Com* " pany, for the Relief of their Creditors," in order to have the unfadsfied Purchase Money of the several Eliates paid into the Bank of England, to be distributed among the several Creditors under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Vincent, Doctor

in Divinity, Edward Beaver, John Foote, William Speer, and Timothy Lane, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and afi others the Stockholders of the York Buildings Company, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Sundatt, tec. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Iuclofurt. of the Borough of Doncaster, in the County of York, Lords of the Manors of Long Sandall and with Balby, in the same County, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Eliates within the said Manors, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are within the said Manors several Open Common Fields, Open Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, hi their pfefent State, are incapable of My considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as the House

shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Foljambeand Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Clouceftw A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, . assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace for the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Jo the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Gaol or Prison, and also the several Bridewells for the said County, are too small, and not only inconvenient, but very much out of Repair; and

that other Bridewells are ablblutely necessary for the safe Custody and Preservation of Persons who are committed thereto; and, for the public Safety, a new Gaol is absolutely necessary to be built: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Gaol, and several new Bridewells, in the said County, and for the better and more effectual Regulation and managing the feme, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Common Councilmen, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, to repair, light, watch, and water, the Road leading from The Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, through Frankfort Gate, to a Bridge erected over the Creek at the Town of Stonehouse, in the County of Devon, and allb, to regulate the Stands and Fares of all Manner of Carriages using the feme, and to establish proper Rules and Regulations to be observed by the Drivers of such Carriages; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that there ar* various Provisions. already made by different Laws, for repairing the said Road, and that the said Bill is injurious to the Public in general, and will materially affe€t the Interests, and unnecessarily infringe on the Rights, which the Petitioners have heretofore enjoyed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and Hereditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrew’s, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, in the feme County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Petition of Augustus Everard Brande, of Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, Apothecary, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his.Na* turalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from ttie Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Sums borrowed, and the Principal of the Debt created thereby, from the Year 1776 to the Year 1783, both inclusive, with the Amount of the Annual Charge, the Net Produce of die respective Funds, for paying the feme, for the Year ended the 10th of October 1783, and the Surplus or Deficiency of each Fund for that Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. llutherfoord, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was

called

PlymouiL, Ac. Roatib.

Braude’s Nat-

Money

borrowed.

African

Company.

Irin^fort! llul Koaih.

Nr w haven Ui ul^e.

Shrewd ury

Puur.

24 Geo. 111.

to® Februa

9®1

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-fuaut to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1782, The Account of the " Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa; distinguilliing every Article of Expence under

" its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1782, Orders and Regulations And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1782, Cursitor Baron’s Report."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from La ns ford Mill, through Wchain and Stevenage, and by Curvy's to Hit chin, and iiom ICehcyn, through to

in the County of Hertford, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repaii ing the Roads from Lems ford through ICeluyn and Stevenage, and by Corey's Mill, to Hitchin, and from Weluyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin,

in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plainer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas George JCillardbeing examined, said, That

the present Terry over the River at is

very inconvenient for Passengers; and it would tend greatly to the Convenience of all Persons travelling along the Sea Coafr, and particularly to the Towns of

Seafnrd, St ah men, BrighthelmstEastbourne, and the neighbouring Villages, if a proper and substantial Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry; which would also lx; of public Utility, by opening a Communication between the Towns of Portsmouth and Dover.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the lliver Ouse, at in

the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Henry Lennox, Mr. Kemp, and the Earl of Sumy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, alii Hid towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parishe« ol Saint Chad, Saint Mary, Saint Saint Julian, Holy Cross, and Giles and Meole

llrace otherwise Brace Mewithin the Town of

Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting lot tli. That the Poor of the said Parishes are very numerous, and arc supported at a great and burthcnlomo Expence to the Inhabitants; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if proper Powers were granted for providing a convenient Place for their Reception, and for their being orderly and well go-verm d therein, it would tend not only, to the more Vox.. 39.

effectual Relief and comfortable Subsistence of Jueh as* by Age or Infirmities, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by Labour, but to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious; and the poor Children also, whillt inured to Habits of useful Knowledge and Industry, would receive early Impressions of their Religious and Moral Duties, and the Profligate and Idle, by moderate Correction and good Precepts, would probably be reformed; and that, if Provisions were made for allowing Contracts or Agreements to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor belonging to any of the other Parishes, within the County, in such Place as may be provided for the Reception of the Poor of the Parishes above-mentioned, k would be an Ease and Advantage to such Parishes as may be willing to make Contrarts, and of public Utility; and that, by Means of such Powers and Provisions, the Poor, instead of being an heavy Burthen to their respective Parishes, would contribute to the mutual Support and Relief of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Powers, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Receipt ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole Dut7* House, upon the Bill to explain and amend lo much of an Art, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Art, made in the Twenty-.

" second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Art for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable u otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting New " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which, upon the 12th Day of December last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eleven thousand Six hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to

the

Wiggenhall

Drainage*

Eg1 e Ann Inclosurt*

Manufacture of Cordage.

io® — 11® Februarii. A. 1784.

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the whole Expence which will probably be incurred in completing the several Works at Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham,

Gravesend, Tilbury, Landguard Fort, Yarmouth Roads,

Fexersham, Witolwich, Lyme Regis, and The Isle of Man,

for which Sums are demanded in the Estimate of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House on the 4th Day of December 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1784.

Praters.

AB I L L to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low " Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Mary

" Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir Edicard Astley, Ac. s And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Timothy Hutchinson, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Eg/eston, in the County of Durham, and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township and Mauor of Egleston aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Manor, certain Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, conlifting of near 10,000 Acres, certain Parts whereof are improveable and capable of Cultivation; and that the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in their present State, are of little Value, but if such Parts thereof as are capable of Cultivation and Improvement were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township and Manor of Egleston aforesaid, in Proportion to their said Lands and Tenements, the same would be a great Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing such certain Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, as are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, not exceeding in the Whole 2,500 Acres, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tempest and Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of fevei-al Ropemakers within the Port of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Ropemakers within the said Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the avoiding of " Deceit used in making and felling of Twice-laid

" Cordage, and for the better preserving of the Navy " of this Realmbut the said Act hath been found insufficient for preventing the Deceits and Frauds therein mentioned; and representing to the House, that various other Frauds and Abuses have, for l'ome Time, been practised in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, by uling Hemp which is damaged, condemned, or of un inferior Sort, the Quality of which, after such Cordage is tarred, is not difcemible from lound or staple Hemp; and that the putting a Stop to the various Deceits,

Frauds, and Abuses, now practised in the said Manufacture, might be a Means of restoring and preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture in Foreign Markets, and of preserving the Lives and Properties of many of His Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Deceits, Frauds, and Abuses practised in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and for the better regulating the said Manufacture, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Pawn-are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and broker*, others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, and for other Purposes, certain Regulations were established for conducting the Business of a Pawnbroker; and that the said Act does not limit or ascertain the Amount of Charges for Warehouse Room, to be paid to the Pawnbroker, and therefore the Petitioners have, almost ever since the making of the said Act, taken such Sums of Money for the Warehouse Room of the Goods pledged, as have, in their Apprehension, been reasonable, and were necessary for the decent Maintenance of themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners and others, in the conducting of the said Business, have oftentimes refused to take Money tendered to them for the Redemption of Goods pledged, because such Money was inadequate to their necessary Expences, and, in Consequence of some of such Refusals, Actions at Law have been brought against several Pawnbrokers, in which such Tenders have been considered to be luflicient, and Verdicts have been given thereon against such Pawnbrokers; and the Petitioners and others, in endeavouring to obtain a reasonable Profit in their said Business, are liable, notwithstanding the said Act, to be feed at Law for supposed Offences against the Laws relating to Usury; and that, in case the Petitioners were to receive such inadequate Tenders, and the Trade is to be conducted on such low Terms, the Petitioners will not be able to carry on the fame, but it must be totally annihilated, whereby the Petitioners and their Families, and all others carrying on that Business,' must be driven to seek their Livelihoods by other Employments; and the said Act is in other respects

defective,

24 Geo. III.

defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes for which it w as intended; and that the Petitioners, being conscious of having always carried on their Buliuefs with the utmost Integrity, and being desirons of gaining by their Trade no more than a realisable Profit upon their Capital, for the decent Support of tiicmselves and Families, hope they shall be found to be of a useful Body of Tradesmen, and deserving the Countenance and Protection of the Logiflatnrc: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more < tii ctual, the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, so far as the same relates to Pawnbrokers, or that the Petitioners may have liieh other Relief in the Premil'cs, as to the Ilo'ijp fir all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Hat.son, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ond have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

909

Paper signed by a great Number of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, and by several Gentlemen residing in the Neighbourhood thereof; ad-dreflbd to the Earl of Surrey, requesting his Lordflrip to cause the said Market Place to be enlarged, and proper Strops, and other Buildings, to be erected there- ou, and also to cause the present Slaughter Houses to be taken down, and others to be erected in a more proper Situation.

And the said Earl of Surrey being present, informed your Committee, That he is willing and desirous of causing the said Improvements to be done, in case he shall he enabled (o to do, and to raile by Sale and Mortgage of forne Parts of the said Estates a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and for widening, and rendering more safe and commodious, several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses, within tire said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation: And that Mr. Foljambe and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

11° Februarii.

Sheffield Mr. Foljambe reported from the Committee, to

Sweet*, kc. w born the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Uncord, commonly called Eurl of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of lire said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Vincent F.yre, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Town of S/nffic/d,in the West Riding of the County of York, is a large and populous Trading Town, wherein a public Market is holden Twice a Week, and a public Fair Twice in every Year, and that the Market Place within tire said Town is too friicill for the l ie of the Inhabitants, and others, frequenting the Market; and the Patfuge along the public Streets adjoining the said Market Place is greatly obstructed, and rendered very inconvenient to Trave Hot s, by the Stalls and Standings necessarily placed therein on Market Days, and that the present Slaughter Houses stand in a very improper Situation, and arc frequently very offensive to the Inhabitants of tire said Tow n.

And the Witness said, That the Earl of Surrey is Owner of the said Market Place, and the Strops and other Buildings crected thereon, and is entitled to the Right of holding the said Market, and is also Ow ner of a very considerable Estate within the other Parts of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof. — And the Witness added, That the said Market Place might be enlarged and made more convenient, and tire Passages through the adjacent Streets rendered safe and commodious, if certain ancient Houses and other Buildings belonging to the said Earl, and others, situate on the Eali Side thereof, were taken down, and the Scites thereof, and some vacant Ground adjoining thereto, were added to the present Market Place, and that proi>er Houses for (laughtcring of Cattle might be built in a better Situa-

OO O

tion than w here the present Slaughter Houses (land; and that he apprehends the enlarging the said Market Place, and putting the Market under proper Regulations, and making tire several other Improvements before mentioned, would be of very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting thereto; and would also he advantageous to the said Earl of Surrey, and the future Owners of the said Estate.

Then the Witness produced to your Committee, a

Vol. 39.

Mr. Henry Dun das reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Shire Road*. Execution the Acts of Parliament for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads in the Shire of Edinburgh, and of the Heretors of the said Shire, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and the remaining Heretors of the said Shire, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, for making and repairing Roads in the County of Edinburgh, were read; And

A Member present informed the Committee, That the Trustees for executing the same have divided the Roads under their Care into separate Districts, and apportioned to each their Share of the Tolls collected —

That the Trustees of the District, called have borrowed, on tire Credit of their Portion of the said Tolls, the full Sum they were by the said Acts enabled to charge the same with, ana have engaged their personal Security for further Sums of Money, all which have been duly applied and expended; and that, in order to repay the said Trustees the Money they have so bound themselves for, and to complete the Amendment of the Roads under their immediate Care, it is necessary that they should be enabled to borrow the further Sum of Two thousand Pounds, on tire Credit of the Tolls arising within their said District of Lasicade.

And he farther informed the Committee, That the Laws in being for calling out and applying the Statute Labour in that Country are attended with many Difficulties in the Execution; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons liable to preform the said Statute Work, and beneficial to the Roads in the said Shire, if proper Regulations were established for calling out the fame, or for settling adequate pecuniary Compositions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given tft bring in a Bill for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Ex-action of the Statute Work, within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in

10 Y the

Parish Schools in Scotland.

Committees ou India Affair*.

11° Februarii. A. 1784.

the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit

of the Tolls anting within the District of Lamade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certian Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees, and for further repairing the Roads within the said District: And that Air. Henry Mr. Hunter Blair, and the Lord Maitland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Wilson, Schoolmaster of South Leilh, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and as a Quorum of the Committee authorized by a General Meeting of the Masters of Parish Schools in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held at Edinburgh on the 18th September 1783, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1696, intituled, An Act for settling of Schools," was read: And

John Spottincoode, Esquire, being examined, said, That the most beneficial Consequepces to Individuals, and the Community at large, have arisen from the Establishment of public Schools, under the Authority and Directionalof the said Act — That although, at the Time when the same was passed, the Salaries thereby provided for the Schoolmasters might afford them a competent Support, the same are now, by Reaion of the Decrease of the Value of Money, and the very great Advance on the Price of every Ne-cessary of life, become very inadequate to their decent Maintenance — That, in order to promote the great and important Obieft, the proper Education of Youth in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it is expedient that a public School be established in every Parish, and that the Masters of such Schools should be more comfortably provided for, and put on a more decent and respectable Footing, than they have hitherto been where such public Schools have been established by virtue of the said Act of Parliament

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better establishing Parish Schools in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for increasing the Salaries and Yearly Emoluments of the Parish School-masters, and for rendering the Payment of their Salaries more certain and expeditious: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Maitland, and Mr. Hunter Blair, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by the Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons employed by the Committees of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Caules of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also, by the Select Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffh; and also, in Support of the Bill for intiifting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring,

Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committal by them whllt they reflectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committeq of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies; together with what Compenl’ation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks, Solicitors, and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, 03

and to report the same to the House, lmve Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the TrcftM* Thirteenth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, ,urn* intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce P'ke " into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now " in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as prohibits Victuallers from being Trustees, or bolding any Office, <br Place of Trust or Profit, under any Act of Parliament for repairing any Turnpike Road.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Coiiee. intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties " therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste, imported,

" and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu " thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of " Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for " better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee,

" Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported; and for graining " Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual so much of the said Act as relates to the granting certain Inland Duties upon Costee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste, imported: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Gant and Henry Nelson, Church- fhrift wardens of the Parish of Christ Chur eh, in the County Church 'a of Middlesex, and of several of the Overseers of the M««ldleTex

Poor, and Trustees and Veltrymen, for putting in °°r' c* Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or erect a Work-house for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; and also, for putting in Execution one other Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the said first-mentioned Act, was prclen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said first-mentioned Act, Power was given to the Trustees therein nominated to purchase, erect, hire, alter, or repair, any House or Houses, for the better receiving, employing, and maintaining, the Poor of the said Parish, and providing Furniture for the lame; and that there being no House or Building to be purchased or hired within the said Parish capable of being converted into a Workhouse, the said Trustees a id Vestrymen agreed to rent a House within the adjoining Hamlet of Mile End New Team, in the Parish of Stepney, and furnished and tiled it as a W’orkl.oufe, for the Maintenance and Employment of their Poor; and that the Number of Poor belonging to liie laid Parish having greatly incrcaled, it was found ablu-lutely necessary to make several additional Buildinus to the said House, which, with the Rent, Taxes, and other Outgoings, payable for the fame, has been a very heavy Expence upon the Parish; and the Poor of

Salford, 4c. Ko*d.

24 Geo. III. 11° Februarii. 911

the said Parish still increasing, the said House, toge ther with the additional Buildings thereto, became quite insufficient to lodge, maintain, and employ the said Poor; and that a very heavy Annual Expence would be saved to the said Parish. if Power was given to crcft a House, with necessary Out-Buildings and Conveniences, within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor thereof; and that, by the Ibid.Act of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, the usual Mode of making the Hates for Relief of the Poor of the said Parish was altered to a Pound Rate in different dalles, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of the H oufes and Premises rated to the Poor in the said Parish, which hath been found not only inconvenient, but also productive of so much Collusion between landlords and Tenants, to avoid being assessed in the higher dalles, that the Rates, which have been made in pursuance of the said Act, have repeatedly proved deficient to defray the necessary Charges of maintaining the said Poor; by Ileafon whereof the Petitioners have unavoidably contracted a considerable Debt fur the Relief of the Poor, which they are, and m> 1 ft be. unable to discharge, unless Power lie given to alter the present Mode of a stuffing the Monies to be rniftd for the Relief of the Poor, and for raising a further Sum to discharge the said Debt: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners fudi other Aid as to the House shall fcem meet.

OrJa\ d. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall a|'[>ear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Alderman

/Hikes, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chatnlier; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘r An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Place in the Town of Salford to the Towns of /Farrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane to the Town of Wigan, and to the Stocks " in the Township of Durbury, and to a Place called " The Broad Oak in Worsley, in the County Palatine of " Im master," and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act w as read: And

Thomas Bulteruorth Bayley, Esquire, being examined, informed Yonr Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, to the Amount of upwards of 2,000l. upon the Credit of the Tolls; which Money now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, unless the 'Form of the said Act (which expires the End of the present Session) be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

That the Public Bridle Way or Ilorfe Road, leading from a Place called The South Sea, upon the Road between the Towns of Salford and , in the said

Vol 39.

Act mentioned, through the several Towmships of Pend/ebury and Prestwick into the public Turnpike Road between Manchester and Bury, is at present very narrow and inconvenient, and in many Places deep and founderous; and that it would be of public Utility if the same was made a Turnpike Road, whereby the Communication between several Parts of the Country would be shortened Four or Five Miles. —

Then

Mr. James Cook was examined, who confirmed the above Evidence with respect to the said Bridle Way; and added, that the Estimate for repairing it amounts to 277/. 3 s.and 600l. has been subscribed for that Pur pole.

Mr. Bayley being again examined, laid, That many Alterations and Additions are necessary to be made to the said Act; and it is proposed to repeal the Clause which exempts the Inhabitants of Worsley from Statute Work upon any Part of the Road between the Guide Post in Szcinton, through Wardley Lane, to the Stocks, in Worsley — That the Inhabitants of Worsley have now the Enjoyment of a large Road of Communication instead of a Bridle Way; and that it is proposed to lay out 800l. in repairing that Part of the Road, which is to be applied prior to any other Expenditure of Money upon the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak, in Worsley and Durbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also, for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in P to Dawson Lane End, and from Agicroft Bridge to Singleton,

in the said County: And that Mr. Stanley, Sir Thomas Egerton and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and, bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Smuggling, into further Consideration the Report, which, upon Wednesday the 24tl%Day of December last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the moll effectual Methods of preventing the fame; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Netmne contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,

That it appears, that the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue have increased in a moll alarming Degree; that those Practices are carried on upon the Coalts, and in other Parts of this Kingdom, with a Violence and with Outrages which not only threaten the Deltruction of the Revenue, but are highly injurious to regular Commerce and fair Trade, very pernicious to the Manners and Morals of the People, and an Interruption of all good Government; that the more secret illicit Practices in the internal Excise of this Kingdom have also greatly increased; that the Public Revenue is defrauded to an Extent of not less than Two Millions per Annum-, and that these Enormities and great National Losses well deserve the earliell and most serious Attention of Parliament

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

i a* Februarii,

Ways and Mtaaa.

Carriage to

and from the L of Wight.

Glorify Inc lulu re.

912 ii° —

' Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 12° die Februarii Anno 24* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1784. Prayers.

APET1TION of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants or Owners of Estates within the Isle of / in Behalf of themselves and all others in like Situations, and also of the Publick in general, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Conduct of the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats kept within the Isle of Height, and usually employed in carrying Passengers and Goods for Hire from the different Places of Passage in the said Island to Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouth, Gosport, and other Places on the Coast of the County of Southampton, and returning from thence to the fai<4 Bland, in demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Passage of Persons, and the Carriage of Goods, and their being at Liberty to refuse to carry Persons and Goods tendered for Carriage, has long been a Subject of Complaint, as laying the Petitioners and others under great Difficulties and Hardships, and is now* become a very serious Matter, and a general increasing Grievance: and that the Laws in being, for regulating the Carriage of Goods for Hire, extend only to Carriage by Land: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for redrafting the above Grievances, and providing for the Carriage of Goods and Passengers, to and from the said Bland, at fixed Rates and Prices, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pramifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Barrington, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Walt# Grounds, within the l’arifli of Aloiley, in the County of Derby: And the same was icceived; and read the first Time.

1784.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to IWough-whom the Petition of the Trustees of the Turnpike brido*:

Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap|>eared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Act, passed in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the said Road, were read: And

Mr. Thomas Todd being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years off the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers- Bridge, on the River Tees:

And that Mr. Chaytor, Mr. Duncombe, and Sir Thomas Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Ilonfe, a Servants Lift of the Names, in Alphabetical Order, of all Per- T>uty,&c. fens who have neglected to enter, or who, having at any Time entered and paid Duty for their Male Servants, or Wheel Carriages, subject to the Duty of Excite, have discontinued or neglected to make such Entries; together with an Account of what Proceedings have been had for the Prosecution of any such Persons.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Brande’sNat, Order, a Bill for naturalizing Augustus EverardBra n de:

And the same was received; and read the Fii ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Children to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Abroa<1’ upon the Bill for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mem day Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Most Noble John Duke of per, tl

as Prafes of a Meeting, and in Name of the Juliiccs l,ghways. of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply, as Commissioners of Highways and Bridges, in the County of Perth, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways, Bridges, and Perries, and the Services which are thereby authorized to be exacted and levied, have beep found, by Experience, in the County of Perth, defective in many Particulars, and the Powers and Regulations thereby granted and authorized are insufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said County; and that other and further Powers are ne-ceffaiy to be given, the more effectually to carry the Intention of tire laid Laws into l.xcculion, and to

remove

EaA India

Brere ton's Expencts at Cavite*

£4-Geo. III.

i<2° Februafik

remove certain Doubts which have arisen thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations -as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itihali appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General ,the Marquis

of Graham, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pouer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Lilt of those Persons to whom the Company’s Bonds, which are now due and onfatisfied, have been granted at Bengal, , and

Fort Saint George, respectively; (taring the Amount of each Bond, the Interest it bears, and the Time at which k is payable to the Bondholder.

A Petition of Captain Willian Brereton, late Lieutenant Governor of the City of and Commander

of His Majesty s Ships statirmed at The Philippine Islands, being offered to be presented to the House

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confide ration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That an Expedition having been concerted against the Spanish Settlements in The Philippine Islands, the same was undertaken by Troops composed of His Majesty’s 79th Regiment of Foot, and Europeans and Sepoys in the Service of the East India Company, who were transported to the Island of Luconia, in His Majesty’s Squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Cornish, assisted by fotne Ships belonging to the India Company, and, on the 6th of October 1762, the City of Manila was taken by Storm, and the City of Caviti surrendered without an Attack; and that the City of Manila, on the 2d of November following, was delivered up to certain Agents authorized by the East India Company to receive the same,

in Conformity to the Directions given by His Majesty to General Draper, who commanded the Land Forces employed upon the Expedition; and that His Majesty, anxious to preserve the said Conquest, gave Directions to His Admirals and Generals to be assisting to the Officers of the East India Company in holding Possession thereof, until His Royal Will and Pleasure should be further signified with regard to the future Disposition of the said Conquest, which was to depend entirely and absolutely upon His Majesty; and the India Company not having lent more Officers and Servants upon the Expedition than were necessary to take Charge of the City of Manila, and it being judged of great Importance that a Sea Officer should command at Caviti, where the Naval Arsenals and Storehouses were situate, Captain was appointed Governor of the City and District of;

and that Admiral Cornish, thinking it proper to (end Captain Kempenfelt to England with his Dispatches, ap|iointed the Petitioner to succeed him in the Government of Caviti, and, the Petitioner’s Commission, under the Admiral’s Hand and Seal, bears Date the 14th of November 1762, and he actually entered upon the Charge of Lieutenant Governor accordingly by virtue of the said Commission; and that Admiral Cornish having nearly repaired his Squadron by the Beginning of February 176,}, and being about to depart from Manila, the India Company’s Deputy Governor, on the 3d of that Month, represented to Admiral Cornish, that be had not the faintest Hope of prefer?-Vo 1. 39.

ing the Gdnquest with lb small a Garrifan, unldfs he would leave a Navafl Force for their Protection, and, in Consequence of the said Representaticrn, Admiral Cornish left the Petitioner Commander in Chief of the King’s and the Company’s Naval Forces, and he continued in the Government of Cavitiand that, during the Seige of Manila the Spanish Governor difpktched a Lieutenant General into the Field, to levy Forces, and to defend the Provinces, in case Manila should fall into the Hands of the English, which Event taking place the 6th of October, (he War was (till carried on; and that the Resources of the Spaniards in The Philippine Islands were infinite, and the Treasure brought from New Spain irt the Philippino Galleon falling into the Spanish General’s Hands, be soon levied a powerful Army, with which he (urrounded Manila, and cut off all Supplies of Provisions from the Garrison, and made it dangerous for any Person to go without the Walls; and that the Representation made by the Deputy Governor of Manila to Admiral Cornish was manifested soon after his Departure with the Squadron, as the Spaniards appeared in Arms in great Multitudes in all Parts, and the Petitioner foresaw there was no Proved of maintaining the Conquest, unlefe Means were found to dfetach the principal Inhabitants and Natives of the District of Caviti from the Views and Interests of the Spaniards ih Arms; the Petitioner therefore deemed it absoluttely necessary to keep a Public Table at Caoill, and entertain them liberally, in order to conciliate their Minds, which put him to a heavy Expence, but it bad the desired EflfeQ:, as through their Influence the Petitioner was enabled to procure Provisions for the Crews of His Majesty’s Ships, and the Garrisons of Manila and Caviti, which otherwise most have been abandoned; and that, in the Month of March 1764, the Petitioner received a Warrant, finder the King’s Sign Manual, for restoring the Conquest to the Spaniards, and in negociating that Business the Petitioner was put to a very considerable Expence in entertaining the Spanish Governor and his Commissioners, and doing the National Honours upon that Occasion; and that when the Petitioner received the Orders to evacuate the Conquest, he had no more than Four Ships with him to carry away the Troops that had been brought to Manila in Fifteen, which obliged him to fit up Two old Spanish Ships to serve as Transports, which enabled him to embark all the Troops, and to pulh them on to the Company’s Settlements in India, where the Company were involved in fresh Troubles with the Country Powers; and that the Ships under the Petitioners Command being mostly old and rotten, and badly supplied with Provisions, and the Troops and Seamen being very sickly, he was driven into the Port of Batavia in great Distrefe; and that the Petitioner resided Six Months on Shore at Batavia, at ai great Expence, m Hopes of being able to repair His Majesty’s Ship the Falmouth, of which Ship the Petitioner was Commander; but, upon repeated Surveys held upon her, it was found utterly impracticable td repair her, and she was obliged to be left there; and the Petitioner having procured other Ships to carry the Troops to Madras, and disposed of the Falmouth’s Crew, he was under the Necessity of taking a Passage to Europe for himself, feme of his Petty Officers and Servants, in a Dutch East Indiaman, which was attended with great Expence and Inconvenience; and that the Petitioner also incurred very heavy ExpencbS by the Lots of Exchange on Money taken up at tavia for the Use of His Majesty’s sick Seamen and Troops employed upon the Expedition, and for CostS and Damages of a Suit at Law brought against him for Matters that were indispensably necessary in carrying on His Majesty’s Service; and several other Expiate* were incurred by the Petitioner during the

10 Z Course

Receipt

Duty.

Interposition of the House respcding Powers velh il in Servants of the Crown.

914 12° Februarii. A. 17 84.

Course of his Command at the Philippine Islands; and that the Petitioner has not as yet received any Compensation for his said Disbursements, but, on the contrary, has been at a very considerable Expence in prosecuting several Memorials, particularly to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, who are of Opinion he cannot be relieved but by the Justice and Wisdom of the Legilluture: And therefore praying, That the House wili take the Premises into Consideration, and indemnify him for his said Expences and Disbursements, the detaining of which, for lo great a Length of Time, has been attended with great Injury to his private Fortune, acquired by a long and faithful Service to his King and Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hussey, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamlier; and ail who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty ujion Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promifl’ory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demandand " for granting " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Proinifiory " and other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Ye^; }, C2.

Teller, for be N«: } 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House relblvcd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine into the Usage, of either House of Parliament, to interpose touching the Exercise or Non-Exercise of Discretionary Powers vested in the Servants of the Crown, or in any Body of Men, for public Purposes, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matters referred to them; and had searched Precedents for that l’urpose, which they had directed him to report to the lloulc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

As to the Precedents, Your Committee find a great Number, which they apprehend are applicable to the Matters referred to them; out of which they have felcfted those which follow, for the Information of the House.

Commons Journal, Vol. I. Page 866.

Luna:, s° Junii 1626.

Ordered, This Grand Committee shall presently fit: And so did.

Mr. Herbertc reporteth from the Committee, That it conceiveth this House hath just Cause of Offence, at the Choice of the Duke to be Vice Chancellor of Cambridge; and do think fit, that a letter be written to the Corporation of the University of Cambridge, to signify this Dislike, and require them to fend loine to the House, to inform them.

Upon Question, a Letter to be written to the University of Cambridge, by Name of their Corporation, to signify unto them, that this House hath tuken just Offence at their Election of the Duke to be their Chancellor; and to require them to fend feme, in-strufted and authorized to inform, and give account to, this House, of the Manner of their Proceedings in the said Election; and that, if any other will come to give Information, they shall be heard. Thel'c to be here upon Monday next

And further, Resolved, If any will in the mean Time come and inform, or complain, they shall be heard.

Commons Journal, Vol. I. Page 929.

Jovis, 12° Febrvarii 1628.

Mr. Shervyle reported from the Committee foi* Tonnage and Poundage, That a great Stop to it, the detaining the Possession of the Merchants Goods, and the Stay of their Proceedings, by Injunctions in the Exchequer Chamber. That the Committee hath resolved to fend a Message to the Court of Exchequer; and a Draught of it.

Upon Question, a Message to be font from this House to the Court of Exchequer, to the Effect of the Draught now read. This to be done by Four of the House: Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Sir Francis Cottington, Sir Nath. Rich, Sir Ro. This

Writing, with the Papers annexed, to be delivered by Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy; and to report their Answer.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 65. Saturdiry, June 16th, 1660.

Ordered, That a Stop and Stay be forthwith made of all Wastes in any the Houses, Timbers, or Woods, Handing and being in and upon any the Lands, Part of the Queen's Majesty’s Jointure, in whole Hands soever the same are; and that all Wood and Timber which have been felled off any of the said Lands, at any Time since the 2.>th Day of lait, whether

remaining upon the said Lands, or removed off the Lands to any other Place or Places, shall so remain and continue, without further Disposal, till the Parliament shall give Ipccial Order therein: And all

Perl'ms

Ha. GeO. III. 12° Februarii. oi

Persons concerned arc required to take Notice hereof, and to ohl'erve the same accordingly, at their Perils.

Ordered, That a Stop and Stay lie forthwith made of all Wastes in any the Houses, Timber, or Woods, (landing and being in or upon any of the Lands belonging to the King’s Majesty, in whole Hands soever the same arc j and that all Wood and Timber which have been felled off any of the said Lands, at any Time since the 2.',th of April last, whether remaining upon the said IjhkIs, or removed off the Lands to any other Place or Plares, shall lb remain and continue, without further Disposal, till the Parliament shall give special Order therein: And ail Persons concerned are required to take Notice hereof, and to observe the same accordingly, at their Pciils.

Common’s Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 146.

Saturday, iff September \ 660.

Resolved, That the King’s Majesty be desired not to dispose of any of the Manors or I^ands of the Persons excepted from Pardon by the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, until his Brothers, the Dukes of Yorkcand Gloucester, be provided for; and the Lords

Concurrence is dtlired herein.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 272. Interposition

ol the House

Sabbati, 15® Junii 1661. p^"8

veiled in

Upon the Report made unto this House, by Mr. Servants of *Steward, from the Grand Committee of Grievances, the <-rown-touching the Complaint made against James Halsall and Edward Halsall, Esquires, and John Walter, Gentleman, from the Ports of Plymouth, Dartmouth, Barnstaple, and Kingston upon Hull, and several other Parts of the Kingdom, that, by Pretence of a Patent touching Ballast, the said Parties, and their Deputies and Agents, do‘ demand and exact new Duties and Fees, that were never known before;

Resolved, upon the Question, and Ordered, That the Execution of the Patent, as to the new Duties and Fees complained of, be suspended; and that the said Patentees, their Deputies, and Agents, be enjoined to forbear to levy or receive any Money for the new Duties and Fees complained of, until the Matters complained of be heard by the Committee of Grievances, and reported to this House.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 507.

Sabbati, 20® die Junii 1663.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 150.

Tuesday, 4 Septe 1 GGo.

Post Meridiem.

Resolved, Thnt his Majesty be humbly moved, That he will be pleuft.d to forlicar the Exercise of his Prerogative. in making use of his Tenures, till this House shall have settled a Revenue in Compensation thereof; which is already in an effectual Way of settling.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 156.

Friday, September "th, 1660.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved, Not to exercise his Prerogative, in making use of his Tenures, or to settle any Offices or Officers relating the reunto, till other Order taken.

Ordered, That all Proceedings at Law, in the Action of Ejectment brought by James Berry, to try the Title of certain Lands lying in Puicer Fen; and all Proceedings at Law in Cafes of like Nature, concerning the Ninety-five thousand Acres Fen Land in Bedford Level, or any Part thereof, be stayed, until the Matter touching the said Fens, which is now depending in this House, be determined.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 643.

Die Lunce, 29® 1666.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants trading to The Canary Islands, was read.

The Question being put, To agree in Opinion with the Committee, That the Patent of the Canary Company is an illegal Patent, a Monopoly, and a Grievance to the Subject;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &;c. That his Majesty be humbly moved, to call in the Patent of the Canary Company.

Commons Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 157.

Friday, September7th, 1G60.

Post Meridiem.

Resolved, That whereas a Bill, for the taking away of the Court of Wards, and Tenures by Knight Service, is under the Consulcration of this House, which, in ref(K.et of the present Recete, cannot be at this Time dispatched; his Majesty be humbly moved, That he would he pica fed to suspend the Sitting of that Court, niul all Profits of Ward ships, Marriages of Wards, Licences of Alienation, and the placing of Officers, finding of Offices, and acting of any Thing concerning the same, or relating the reunto, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December next.

Ordered, '1 Imt the Members of this House, of the King's Majesty’s Council, do wait on his Majesty from this House, with their several Votes; and humbly desire his Majesty's All'cnt thereunto.

Vo 1. J!>.

Commons Journal, Vol. IX. Page 22.

Die Lunce, 180 Novembris 1667.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Treasury be desired to move his Majesty, to give Order for Stay of all Proceedings on the Commission issued out in the Exchequer, touching the Forest of Deane.

Commons Journal, Vol. IX. Page 475.

Sabbati, 4® die Mail 1678.

Post Meridiem.

The House being set again;

Resolved, <§r. That it is the Opinion of this House,-that his Majesty be humbly advised and desired forthwith to enter into the present Alliances and Confederations with the Emperor and the King of Spain, and

thtf

5>r6 12° Febrmrii . 1784.

Interposition the States General of the United Provinces, for the refgedin, OUfC v'S°rous worrying on of the present War against the Powtre French King, and for the Good and Safety of his vested in Majesty's Kingdoms; and particularly, that effectual

Servant* of Endeavours be used for continuing the States General u»e Crown. in prefer Confederation; and that it be agreed, by all the Parties confederate, to prohibit all Trade between their Subjects and Countries, and France, and all othor the Dominions of the French King; and that no Commodities of France, or any of the Dominions of the French King, be imported into their Countries from any Place whatsoever; and also, that all Endeavours be used to invite all other Princes and States into the said Confederation: And that no Truce or Peace be made or agreed to with the French King, by his Majesty, or any of the Confederates, without general Consent first had therein.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Privy Council, do present the Two Votes to his Majesty; and beg his Majesty’s Excuse that they are not presented to his Majesty in the usual Form, by Reason of the Importance of the Affair, and the Exigency of Time.

Commons Journal, Vol. IX. Page 702.

Veneris, 7* die 1680.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That whosoever shall hereafter lend, or cause to be lent, by way of Advance, Money upon the Branches of the King’s Revenue arising by Customs, Excise, or Hearth Money, shall be judged to hinder the Sitting of Parliaments; and shall be reiponfibte for the same in Parliament

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That whosoever shall accept or buy any Tally of Anticipation upon any Part of the King’s Revenue, or whosoever shall pay such Tally hereafter to be (truck, shall be adjudged to hinder the Sittings of Parliaments; and shall be responsible therefore in Parliament

Commons Journal, Vol. IX. Page 704.

Luna, 10 ‘Januarii 1680.

Resolved, Namine cortradicetite, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the Prosecution of Protestant Diflentere upon the Penal Laws is at this Time grievous to the Subject, a Weakening of the Protestant Interest, an Encouragement to Popery, and dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom.

Commons Journal, Vol. X. Page 202.

Luna i* dieJulii 1689*

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, That in all his Treaties with his Allies for carrying on the War with France, there be an Article inserted to prohibit all Trade with that Kingdom.

Commons Journal, Vol. X. Page 220.

Luna, 15* die Julii 1689.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to make no farther Grants of any Light

oG

Houses, or Lights, until the next Meeting of the Parliament.

CommonsJournal, Vol. X. Page 267,268.

Sabbati, 170 die Augusti 1689.

The House being informed that Colonel and the I*etitioners against him, according to the Order of Yesterday, attended at the Door;

They were called in.

And, after the Petition was read, fevetttl Witnesses were examined touching the Time of setting up the Chain at Hull; and also, the said Colonel Copley's taking a Farthing per Ton, as be was Lieutenant Governor, from Masters and Mariners of Ships, in respect thereof.

And also Lieutenant Governor Copley was heard: Who acquainted the House, That he did not set up the Chain, but only kept it up, as a Thing of great Use and Service to tl»e Place; and that he was desired by the Custom House Officers so to do; and produced a Certificate of those Officers for that Purpose: And also informed the House, That the former Lieutenants had received the like Duty, particularly in Colonel Gilbye's and Lord Time.

And then the Petitioners, and Witnesses, and Colonel Copley, withdrew.

The laid Certificate was read.

Resolved, That the levying a Farthing per Ton, or any other Sum of Money, upon Ships that come into the Port of Hull, upon Pretence of maintaining a Chain there, is an illegal Exaction upon the People.

And afterwards Colonel Copley was called in, and acquainted with the said Resolution, that he might not levy the pretended Duty any more.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Informations delivered m to the House Yesterday, by Colonel Copley, be delivered back to him.

Commons Journal, Vol. XIII. Page 286.

Sabbati, 1 & die 1699.

The House being informed that Captain Kidd is sent for Home from the West Indies;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, That the said Captain Kidd may not be tried, discharged, or pardoned, until the next Session of Parliament; and that the Earl of Ballamont, Governor of New England, may transmit over all Commissions, Instructions, and other Papers, taken with or relating to, the said Captain Kidd.

Lords Journal, Vol XVIII. Page 395.

Die Veneris, 19° Decembris 1707.

The House, pursuant to Order, was adjourned during Pleasure, and put into a Committee, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in Relation to the Fleet, and the Trade of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, the State of the War in Spain, and the Expedition to Thoulon.

After some Time the House was resumed.

And the Lord Herbert reported, " That the Committee of the whole House had come to the Refo-41 lutions following; videlicet,

41 It is the Opinion of this Committee, That no

" Peace

4 Geo. Ill, i a0 Febru 917

44 Peace can be honourable or safe for her Majesty " and her Allies, if Spain and the Spanish Judies

be fullered to continue in the Power of the House " of Bourbon."

Commons Journal, Vol. XVI. Page 665.

Mart is, 15* die Mail 1711.

Resolved, That the applying any Sum of unappropriated Money, or Surplulages of Funds, to Uses not voted, or addrelltd for, by Parliament, hath been a Misapplication of the Public Money.

Lords Journal, Vol. XXI. Page 145.

Die I Oicris, 17* 1718.

The F.arl of Clarendon, according to Order, reported from the Lords Committees, appointed to examine, and report to the House, what Sums of Money have been issued, or ordered to be ill’ucd, out of the Chamber of Jjindun, for the prosecuting, defending, or maintaining, certain Cuufes on Writs of Error lately depending in this House, wherein llollon and Bride, at were Plaintiffs, and Jtjjs Defendant; and the same Parties Plaintiffs, and A ///if Defendant, or any other Causes of the like Natum, for such Time pal! as the Committee shall think proper; and by what Warrant or Authority, and on whole Application.

Which Report being read by the Clerk, and Consideration had thereof;

It was propufed, " To resolve, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the Common Councils of " having issued great Sums of Money out of the Chamber of London, in maintaining several Suits at Law between Citizen and Citizen, relating to controverted " Elections, have ubul'cd their Trul't, and been guilty " of great Partiality, and of a gross Mismanagement of the City Treasure, and a Violation of the Freedom " of Elections in the City."

And a Question being ltated thereupon;

Alter Debate;

The previous Question was put, " Whether the said " Question shall be now put?"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put, 44 That it is the " Opinion of this lloulc, that the Common Councils of London, having issued great Sums of Money out of the Chamber of Londonin maintaining several " Suits at Law between Citizen and Citizen, relating " to controverted Elections, have abused their Trust, " and been guilty of great Partiality, and of a gross Mill management of the City Treasure, and a Viola- tion of the Freedom of Elections in the City."

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Commons Journal, Vol. XIX. Page 62G;

Mercurii,5* die 1721.

Resolved, That no Special Bail be required in any Action brought, or to be brought, upon any Contract made finee the l'irst Day of December 1719, and before the First Day of December 1720, for the Sale or Purchase of any Subscription or Stock of the South Sea Company, or any other Company or Corporation, or pretended Company or Corporation.

Resolved, That no Execution be awarded upon any Judgment obtained, or to be obtained, in any Action

Vol. 39.

brought, or to be brought, upon any Contract for the Interposition Sale or Purchase of any Subscription or Stock of the South Sea Company or any other Company or Corpora- powers tion, or pretended Company or Corporation, until the veiled in Ser-End of the Session of Parliament which shall be next vanls of 1116 after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next Crown.

Commons Journal, Vol. XXVI. Page 788;

Jovis, 1 9* die Aprilis 1753.

In the Report from the Committee, to whom several Petitions relating to the Business of Frame-work Knitting were referred, are the following Resolutions; which were agreed to by the House.

44 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bye-Laws of the Company of the " Frame-work Knitters, incorporated by a Charter " bearing Date the 19th Day cf August, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- cond, are injurious and vexatious to the Manufacturers, and tend to the Discouragement of Industry, " and to the Decay of the said Manufacture.

44 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers granted by the said Charter " are hurtful to the Trade, and tend to a Monopoly."

44 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the carrying on vexatious Prosecutions against any Person, Male or Female, for exercising " the Art and Mystery of Frame-work Knitting, is hurt- ful to the Manufacture, and destructive to the Trade of this Kingdom."

Commons Journal, Vol. XXX. Page 753.

Martis, 22* die Apri 1766.

Resolved, That a General Warrant for apprehending the Author, Printer, or Publisher of a Libel, is illegal j and, if executed on the Person of a Member of this House, is also a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That the seizing or taking away the Papers of the Author, Printer, or Publisher of a Libel, or the supposed Author, Printer, or Publisher of a Libel, is illegal; and that such seizing or taking away the Papers of a Member of this House is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Commons Journal, Vol. XXXIV. Page 464.

Mercurii, 16* dieFebruarii 1774-

Complaint being made to the House of a Letter signed 44 A South Briton" and printed in a Newspaper (intituled, " The Public , JV

February 16, 1774," and purporting to be printed for 44 H. S. Woodfall, N* 1, the Corner of Ivy Lane, 44 Pater-Nos ter-Rozv;") and also printed in the Newspaper (intituled, The Morning Chronicle and " don Advertiser, Wednesday, February 16, 1774," and purporting to be printed for " William,

44 N° 62, Dorset Street, Salisbury Court-"')

The said Papers were delivered in at the Table; and the Letter contained in the said Papers was read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Letter is a false, scandalous, and traiterous Libel upon the Constitution of this Country, and tending to alienate the Affections of His Majesty’s Subjects from His Majesty and His Royal Family.

11 A Ordered,

Inter position ©I the House respecting Powers velted in Servants the Crown.

918

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the Author, Printers, and Publishers, of the said tulle, scandalous, and traiterous Libel.

Commons Journal, Vol. XXXVIII. Page 808.

Lurut, 4* die 1782.

Resolved, That, after the solemn Declaration of the Opinion of this House, in their humble Address pre-fcntc'd to His Majesty on last; and llis Majestys Assurance of His gracious Intention, in pursuance of their Advice, to take Inch Measures as shall appear to llis Majesty to be most conducive to the Rc-storation of llannony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies, so essential to the Prosperity of both; this House will consider as Enemies to His Majesty and this Country, all those who shall endeavour to frustrate His Majesty’s paternal Care for the Ease and Happiness of His People, by advising, or by any Means attempting, the further Prosecution of offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force.

Commons Journal, Vol. XXXVIII. Page 1032.

Marlis, 28° die Mail 1782.

Resolved, That lVarren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and William Hornby, Esquire, Prc-fident of the Council at Bombay, having in lundry Instances acted in a Manner repugnant to the Honour and Policy of this Nation, and thereby brought great Calamities on India, and enormous Expences on the Fast India Company, it is the Duty of the Directors of the said Company to pursue all legal and effectual Means for the Removal of the said Governor General and Prclident from their respective Offices, and to recall them to Great Britain.

Commons Journal, Vol. XXXVIII. Page 1113.

Mercur'd, 19s die Junii 1782.

In the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports presented from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and ltatd the Public Accojunts of the Kingdom, there arc the following Resolutions, which were agreed to by the House.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " That the several Offices of Uffier of the Exchequer, and of the Chamberlains, and Tally Cutter, are useless and unnecessary, and ought to be abolillied after " the Deccafc of the Person or Persons who now have a " present or reversionary Interest in the said Offices."

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That u it is too late in the present Session of Parliament to carry into Effect a well considered and permanent " Regulation in the several Offices mentioned in the " foregoing Resolutions; hut that it will be highly " necessary, for the Advantage of the Public, for the " Increase of the Revenue, and for the Honour of this House, that early in the next Session of Parliament, this House should enter upon the Consideration of tiiefe Subjects; and should adopt such u Measures, in the Reduction or Regulation of thcle " useless or expensive Offices, as shall appear most " conliftent with that Plan of Oeconomy recommended to this House by His Majesty, in llis " Mullage of the 13th Day of April last, and which u has been so graciously adopted by His Majesty in

1784.

" the Reform and Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil " Establishment."

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comuiittee, That if, during the ltecels, and before the " Meeting of the next Session of Parliament, any of " the said Offices of Auditor of the Exchequer, Clerk " of the Pells, Tellers of the Exchequer, Uffier, Cham- berlain, or Tally Cutter of the Exchequer, should " become vacant, by Death or otherwise, it will not be " expedient or proper for any of His Majesty’s Ministers to advise the granting of, or to grant the fame,

" either in Possession or Reversion, with such Fees and " Penpiifites as are now annexed to the said Offices,

" but with a fixed and permanent Salary, and under " certain Conditions, until this House shall again have " had an Opportunity of taking the Reform und Regulation of the said Ollices into their more lerious and " deliberate Consideration."

Commons Journal.

Veneris, 30° die Mail 1783.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That His Majesty’s Ministers ought not to grant, or advile the granting of, any Patent Offices in the Customs, in Pofitflion or Reversion, otherwise than during Pleasure, between this Time and the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report Proceeding* which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee Lords on who were appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Proceedings or Resolutions B u of that House, relating to any Resolutions of this House of the 24th Day of December, and of the 12th and 16th Days of January last, and to make Report thereof to the House, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the AdjouraJ House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee*, withstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon of Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Nation, mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the State of the Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yester- Supply, day, for receiving Tomorrow Morning the Report from the Committee of the w hole House, to w hom it w as referred to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made D|Uo Yesterday, for the House to rc lblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to

consider

i a® Felruarii.

Way? and Meant*

Tran Je‘» Nat.

T"r«'nv, Sc Kuad.

T^unceiton

Foor.

24 Geo. III. 12° — 16a Februarii. 919

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made

Yi ft cniav, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, tocon-lider’further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Readnd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna'tlG° die Februarii-,

Anno 24* Georgii III1'' Regis, 1784.

r R A Y E H S.

jrarsm s e, rrarde Braude took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Master? nan reported from the Committee, to

whom the Hill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Ileign of llis pr: lent Maji fty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Iju&txeit hielTurnpike Road, in the Parish of

(’/<<</, in the County of Cornwa through , to

Kuan /.andionic, and from Dennis Hater to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him in

the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and alteraards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotLd.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Perceval, Sir John Jervis,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Radnor, Ac; put in Execution an Act, made in the 7th Year of the ^oads-Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and " widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor " and Hereford* was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caul’ed the said Roads to be repaired, amended, and widened; and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money* on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; but the said Roads cannot be efl’eftually repaired and widened, and the Money due be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is continued; and Alledging, that the Roads from Glades try to Whitney Bridge, leading through the Parish of in the said County of Hereford, and from Whitney Bridge aforesaid, by Brilley Mountain, to where the Kingston Turnpike ends, from Presteigne, by Gravesend, or Llan-dray, to Rayader, from Rayader to the River

in the Road to Llanidloes, from Walton, by Knill Lime Rocks, to the Blacklinith's Shop at Nash, and from aforesaid to Rushock, from Knighton to in

the Road to Nra toxm and Llanidloes, from Rayadei- to the upper Bridge upon Elian, and from the said Bridge to the River A dialing, in the Road to Czrraystzrith, and also, from the said Bridge to the Confines of the County of Cardigan, leading to Rhosefair, are ruinous and narrow’, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law’: And therelore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Lewis, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor, incorporated by an Act of Parliament, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better K*. lie f and Employment of the Poor of the Boron nil of Dunhcved, otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Stunt Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall; and alto, of the Mayor, Aldermen, BurgciVcs, and others, contributing to the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Town, Borough and Parish, whole Names are thereunto liibscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Governor and Guardians have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but the Money authorized, to be raised hath been found infiitfioicnt for the Purposes thereby intended, and a considerable Debt bath been incurred, for the necesiury Purposes of carrying the said Act into Execution, which now remains due; and that the said Act hath been found, in many other Respects, inelfeftual for the Purport s intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may Ik* given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall fee in meet.

Vo L. SO.

Mr. Chaytor presented to the House, according to Borough-Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of bridge Road. Two Acts, made in the 16th and 22d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridg on the River Tees: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Totnn put into Execution an Act, made in Third Year Roads, of His present Majesty’s Reign, " intituled, "An Act " for amending and widening several Roads leading

00 Cl

" from or near the North End of the Town and " Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon,* whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the

Credit

920 i6° Februarii. . 1784.

Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Hoads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Philip Jennings Mr.

Holdsworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow er to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

SwinHon, ftf. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an l{ad. Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or " near the Town of to the North End or

" Side of the Town of , and from the said

" Town of Marlborough to the Village of , in

" the County of Wilts" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddocke, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

NVwton Ab- Mr. Holds worth reported from the Committee, to butt Kuuds. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Abbott to the Passage

M ay in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and 7bines, towards Abbott's Kerswell to Five Lanes, and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from War-

boroughto Monk's Bridge and Quay, and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paingtm Town, all in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll’cd.

Fdmburph- Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, tion Hoads, cording to Order, a Bill for regulating, and rendering more cfi’cftual, the Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of a further Sum of

Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees, and for further repairing the Roads within the said District: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

02

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according p.ir;fh to Order, a Bill for the better establishing Parish Schools -Schools in in that Part of Great Britain called; ami lor

increasing the Salaries and Yearly Emoluments of the Parish Schoolmalters, and for rendering the Payment of their Salaries more certain and expeditious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and Lumley’r his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms S'ame. of Savile, pursuant to the M ill of Sir George Smile,

Baronet, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. jambe, Mr. Frederick Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons w hofc Names are Ecdesfield thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or ladusure. otherwise interested in divers Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Tow n-ship of Ecc/es/ie/d, and the several Soakcs or Districts of Southey and Grcnnn/irth, within the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of and in

respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township, and the said several Soakes or Districts aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township, and within the said several Soakcs or Districts, in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Foljambe and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East Wist the Directors of The East India Company, attended at Ailiiir*. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Report of the Court of " Directors of the United Company of Merchants of " England, trading to the East Indies, in Obedience to " an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons,

" dated 23d January 1784."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

A Petition of Detlev Bonaventura and John

Henry Hecker, was presented to the House, and read; Nat.

Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Elwcs, and Mr. Hart-

ley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

54 Geo. III. i

Ovmtry A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Small Debts, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within, the City and County of the City of Coventry, ana Liberties of the fame, on Behalf of themi'elves and others, was prefonted to the lloufe, and read; Setting forth, That the said City and County is large and populous, and very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on therein, and great Numbers of Persons are constantly employed in such Trades and Manufactures, many of whom frequently contract finall Debts to a great Annual Amount; and that, although such Persons urc well able, yet they often refute to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they frequently meet with, in suing for and recovering the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a more calv and speedy Method of recovering finall Dtbts within the said City and County, and Lilwrties of the lame, was provided, it would greatly contribute to promote Industry and support and encourage ufi Uil Credit, and would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and others retiding and trading within the said City: And therefore praying. That Leave may l»c given to hiing in a Hill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of l’mall Debts within the said City and County, and Liberties of the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleratinn of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Dempster, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

by an Act, made in the i 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, certain Powers were

given for the Appointment of a Committee of the Manufacturers of the said Counties, with Power to nominate proper Persons to be Inspectors for the Purposes therein mentioned, and all'o to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against that and the aforementioned Acts, and also the Management of the Fund therein created, and to do such other Matters and Things for carrying the said Act into Execution as they should think best for the Interest: and Advantage of all the said Manufacturers, by which the Yarns of the said Counties have been greatly improved: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill with similar Powers to the aforesaid Act, and for such other Relief in the Premifrs, as to the House may seem meet, and the Necessity of the same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House, Children to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, bTorn abroad, upon the Bill for declaring the Children of British Mo- ^at‘ thers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Fraud* A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool,

cunlurr*.^*0|ft<d Yarn, and Goods nude from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk, was pr< fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yarns spun in the said County have greatly declined in their Value, occasioned principally by the fraudulent Reeling thereof; and that, in conliquenco of the Pn ference given to the Yarns of other Counties, where a Regulation under the Sanction of an Act of Parliament has taken Place, unless the Petitioners are authorized to make such Regulations, it is to l»e feared their Trade will greatly decline, and with it the Employment and Support of the Poor in the said County; and that, hv an Act. made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manu-fastures, an ! for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dvers, and Journeymen Hot Prclfers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures and for the IvetUr Payment of their Wages; and, by Two other Acts, made in the 14th and fifteenth Years of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, certain Penalties and Punishinents are in dieted upon all Persons who shall reel fallc or short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials uf d in the said Manufactures; and that the good Purposes of the said Law s have been greatly frustratid, from the Petitioners being unwilling to e.vjMjte themltlves lingly to the Lois attending the Rofentment of the Spinners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts; and that this important Branch of the Woollen Manufactory of the said County will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Petitioners are enabled jointly to carry those Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot l>c done without the Aid of Parliament; and that, Vol. B9-

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Andevor Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, Inclosure, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. thieullier, Sir John Griffin Griffin, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Augustus Everard Brande, Brande's was read a Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Potency, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of F.lrington the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Inclosure. County of Kent, Robert Johnson, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Esquire, and Francis

Txceddell, of Threcprxood, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and John Tweddell,

Francis Txceddell, and Robert Txceddell, his infant Sons, and GaxrenAynsley, of Little Harle, in the said County of Northumberland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds in the Town Fields of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, contain about 7.53 Acres; and that the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, are foiled of and in divers Parcels of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields; and the Petitioner Robert Johnson is foiled, to him and his Heirs, of and in divers other Parcel of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields; and the Petitioner Francis Txceddell is leifed,

u B for

Trent and Mersey Navigation.

922 1 6°Februarii. 1784.

for the Term of his natural Life, of and in divers other Parcels of Laods and Grounds in the said Town Fields, with Remainder' to his infant Sons, John Tweddell, Francis Tweddell, and Robert and

all other his Son and Sons severally and successively, and the several Heirs Male of their Bodies, with Remainder to the Petitioner Ayrnley, and his

Heirs; and that the greatest Part of the several Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Robert Johnson, and Francis Tweddell the Father, lie intermixed with each other in small Parcels; and there are also in the said Town Fields some Parcels of Land, of which the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Robert Johnson, and Francis Tweddell the Father, are feiled as Tenants in Common in certain Proportions, but no other Persons have any Right, Title, or luterest, in or to any of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields; and that the Petitioners have come to an Agreement, that all the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields (except the Closes or Parcels of Ground called the Riding hill, Broomhill Lore Bog, Round Close, Long Plain, Scrudging Batik, IVhorlister, Crook

Hill, and Winterside, belonging to the said Robert John-

son) shall be divided, set out, and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Robert Johnson, and Francis Tweddell the Father, according to the Value of their respective Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields (except as aforesaid) in one or more Plot or Plots, as shall be most advantageous and convenient to the Petitioners in general; and that the making of such Division and Allotments would tend greatly to the Improvement of the Value of the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, porfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Lord Algernon Percy, and Sir John Trevelyan, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, which they have several Years since completed; and that, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons therein named were united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of 'The Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Coventry, to join the Canal of the Petitioners on Fradley Heath in the County of Stafford; and that, by another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons therein also named were united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oafford; and that the said Canal, so authorized to be made from Coventry to the Canal of the Petitioners at Fradley Heath, hath been completed from Coventry to Ather-stone, in the County of Warwick; and the said Canal, authorized to be made from to Oxford, hath

been completed from Coventry to Banbury, but the

other Parts of the said several Undertakings remain yet to be executed; and that, at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the Petitioners, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canal Navigations, and from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neighbourhood of it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies or Constituents, that, in order to elseft a general Communication between the Canal of the Petitioners and the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and the Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley Heath, that the Oxf ord Canal should be completed from Banbury to Oxford, and that the Subscribers to the new-proposed Navigation should execute a Canal from the said Collieries to Birmingham and to Fazeley; and, the more easily to effect the Communication between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, it was agreed that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, relinquish to the Petitioners, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, anil that the same should be executed by them at their joint Expence, and that, when the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath should be completed, it should be equally divided between, and each Part considered as the separate and distinct Property of the Petitioners and the said Subscribers, and be supported accordingly; and that, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near " Riders Green in the County of Stafford, to Broad " Water Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from " the fame, to several Coal Mines; and also a Nawigable Canal from or near the Town of " to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of

" Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of " the said Town of Birmingham," after reciting the said Agreement of Delegates, and that the Canal and Collateral Cuts thereby authorized to be made, had been substituted in the Stead of the said proposed Canal from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said Act, had, in Consideration thereof, agreed to ratify and confirm the Agreement so entered into at Coleshill, -on Behalf of the said former Subscribers, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal from Fazeley to Fradley Heath aforesaid, it is enacted, that the said Agreement, so entered into by the said Subscribers, and the several Matters and Things therein specified and contained, to be done and performed by, and on their Parts, should be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said last mentioned Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto; and that, by certain Articles of Agreement, made the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Petitioners, the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, the before-mentioned Agreement, entered into at Coleshill, was, on their respective Parts, ratified and confirmed; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to carry the said Agreement into Execution on their Parts, hut are ad-vised that the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying, That 06 Leave

Form of Oath in Scotland.

24 Geo. III. 1 6° Sebruarti923

Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to carry the said Agreement into Execution on their Parts, and for giving them inch Powers and Authorities as may be necessary for that Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall fecui meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVrottesley, the Lord

Lewisham, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of a considerable Body of His Majesty s Protestant Subjects of the ancient Kirk of Scotland, resident in Lomlon and II cst mand other Parts of

South Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Manner of taking an Oath in Sivt/and, as by Law eltabiished, is by holding up the Right Hand when the Oath is administered, and not by laying the Hand on, and afterwards killing, the Book; and that many of the Petitioners, being educated in the Principles of the Church of Scotland, adhere most firictly thereto, and others, of them, who entertain the like Scruples in the Mode of taking an Oath, cannot, in their Conferences, and consistently with those Principles, comply with the Mode practised in this Part of the United Kingdom; and that Men, void of Coni'cience and Honesty, knowing tire Principles of the Petitioners ou this Head, often take Advantage thereof by rcfuling to pay them their just Demands, whereby the Petitioners are frequently defrauded of their Projrcrtv, without having the Means to come at Justice; und that it is not from any Dif-affcfrtion or any Contempt of the Rules established by Government, that they do not comply with the common Ufugo of this Country in this Particular, but lucause the foiemu Mode in which their Form of Oath is administered is most agreeable to the Dictates of their Continences; and the Petitioners are heartily grieved, that, on this Account, they cannot be of the same Ser\ ice, nor perforin the same Offices to the Society in which they live, as the rest of their Fellow Citizens, very many of the Magistrates of this Country refusing to accept their Oaths in the Way they can only admit to be fworu; and that the Petitioners conceive the Mode of taking an Oath, by calling immediately on the Sacred Name, as adopted by them, is perfectly foiemu, and calculated to impress the Conscience with an Awe of the Supreme Being; and, as the Mode of Swearing, by killing the Book, is founded alone in Custom, the Petitioners hope that their Application for this Alteration in the Mode of administering the Oath to those of their Persuasion, will be deemed but just and equitable, especially when it is considered that they are entitled to take an Oath in this Manner in the other Part of the United King-doiu: And, that as this Request has been heretofore complied with by the Legislaturc in Favour of certain Dillenters called Quakers, and as, by Custom and Uiiige, Jews and others are permitted to make Oath in the Manner most agreeable to the Dictates of their own Conscience, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby the Mode of taking an Oath, in the Manner practised in North Britain, may, in all Cases where required by the Party, be admitted, instead of an Oath, in the usual Form.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord MuiLmd and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 39-

A Petition of Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty 3 Command, acquainted the Hoqle, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition w-as brought up, and re^dj Setting forth. That his Majesty King George the First* by Letters Patent, bearing Dale the 26th Day of March, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did demile, grant, and to farm let, unto John Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, Part thereof being Woodland, lying and being within the Park called Richmond Park or New Park, and then Part thereof, situate in the Parish of ,in the County of Surrey, or near the said Parish, on th^ Noth-West Part of the said Park, containing, by Admeasurement, Thirty Acres and One Rod, theq separated and inclosed from the rest of the said Park with Pales, and therein particularly described by Abutments, together with all Ways, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Walls, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances wfiatloever, to the said Piece or Parcel of Land thereby demised, belonging or appertaining (except and always referred out of the said Grant all Timber and other great Trees growing upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and all Mines and Quarries found, or to be found, upon the fame, or any Part thereof) to hold the said Piece or Parcel of Land above mentioned, with the Appurtenances (except as before excepted) unto the said John Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, from the Day of the Date of the said Letters Patent, at and under the Yearly Rent of Six Pounds; and that his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 30th Day of July, in the Twenty-fourth Year of his Reign, did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, demise, grant, and to farm let, unto the Petitioner, the eldest Daughter, and Devisee of the feud John Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, all that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground by the last recited Letters Patent demised (except as in the said last recited Letters Patent is excepted) to hold to the Petitioner, for the Term of Twenty-four Years, from the 26th Day of March 1757, at and under the said Yearly Rent of Six Pounds; and that His present Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 13th Day of January, in the Seventh Year of His Reign, did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, demise, grant, and to farm let, unto the Petitioner, all that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground in and by the said first recited Letters Patent mentioned and demised, to hold for such Reversionary Term of Years as, with the Term then in being, did fill up and complete her then Interest in the Premises to Thirty-one Years from the Date of the Letters Patent now reciting, at and under the aforesaid Yearly Rent of Six Pounds; and that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground and Premises, demised by the said first recited Letters Patent to the said John Duke of Argyll and,

lies contiguous and adjoining to the capital Messuage or Manfton House called Sudbrook House, belonging to the Petitioner, and the Buildings, Gardens, Ground, and Land thereunto appertaining, which being an Eftnte of Inheritance, the Petitioner is desirous of purchasing the Inheritance of the fetid demised Premises. with the Trees grow ing, or to grow, thereon, and also the said Rent of Six Pounds, so reserved and made payable by the said Letters Patent as aforesaid, and hath made her humble Suit to His Majesty, that He would' be gracioufty pleased to give Leave, that a Bill may be

brought

Grant to Baroncfe o( Greenwich;

Morlfy

Inclosure*

Motion respecting Ld. Lennox.

Ld. Lennox' Comnnllion for Constable of the lower.

Earl

Coin wall is* Commission for Ditto.

Pay, &c. of Ditto.

lnlerposition of the House Tefp«clting Powers vetted in Scrvunts of Crown.

924 16° Februarii. . 1784.

brought into Parliament, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner such Inheritance: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to her the Inheritance of the said demised Premil’cs, in Confederation of such Fine and Fee Farm Kent as shall be adjudged by the proper Officers of the Crown to be a full and valuable Consideration for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons

o o

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Commission to Lord George Henry appointing him

Constable of the Tower of London;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the <)th Day of June 1733, in relation to the Proceedings of the House in the same of Lieutenant General Wade, a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of His Majesty s Warrant, directing a Commission to be made out for the appointing Lord George Henry Lennox to be Constable of the Tower of London.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission by which the Earl Cornwallis was appointed Constable of the Tower of London.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Pay, Fees, Perquisites, and Allowances, payable to, or claimed by, the Constable of the Tower of London;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words; " and the Form of the Warrant for paying the fame, or " any Part thereof."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tlion the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of nil Pay, Fees, Perquisites, and Allowances, payable to, or claimed by, the Constable of the Tower of Lwulon, and the Form of the Warrant for paying the fame, or any Part thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine into the Usage of either House of Parliament, to interpose touching the Exercise or Non-Exercise of Discretionary Powers vested in the Servants of the Crown, or in any Body of Men, for Public Purposes, and to report the same to the Lloufe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the First Resolution of the House of Lords, contained in the Report which, upon

the 6th Day of this Instant February, was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, with respect to any Proceedings of Resolutions of that House, relating to any Resolutions of this House of the 24th Day of December, and of the 12th and 16th Days of January last, and to make Repoit thereof to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

" in Parliament assembled, That any Attempt in any " one Branch of the Legislature to suspend the Execution of Law, by separately assuming to itself the " Direction of a Discretionary Power, which, by Act " of Parliament, is vested in any Body of Men to be " exercised as they shall judge expedient, is unconftitutional."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That this House has not assumed to itself any Right to suspend the Execution of Law;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House* divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j^he Jfrd j lgg

|Mr. Byng: J

Tellers for the Noes <fMn Macdona \ „

tellers for the JNoes,|Mr Robert j 157*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House has not assumed to itself any Right to suspend the Execution of Law.

Resolved, That it is constitutional, and agreeable to Usage, for the House of Commons to declare their Senfir and Opinions respecting the Exercise of pvery discretionary Power, which, whether by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, is vested in any Body of Men whatever, for the Public Service.

Resolved, That it is a Duty peculiarly incumbent upon this House, intrusted by the Constitution with the foie and separate Grant of the Public Money, to watch over, and, by their timely Admonitions and Interference, to endeavour to prevent the ralh and precipitate Exercise of any Power, however vested, which may be attended with any Danger to Public Credit, or with heavy Losses to the Revenue, and consequent Burthens upon the People.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Acceptance posed. That the Resolution of the 24th of December of BiI1» last, which declared the Sense and Opinions of this jrjWn from House, " That the Commissioners of the Treasury n la"

" ought not to give their Consent to the Acceptance " of any Bills drawn, or to be drawn, from India, until " it shall be made to appear to this House that sufficient Means can be provided for the Payment of the " fame, when they respectively fall due, by a regular " Application of the clear Eft'efts of the Company,

" after discharging, in their regular Course, the Customs and other Sums due to the Public, and the " current Demands upon the Company, or until this " House shall otherwise direct," was constitutional,* founded in a Sense of Duty towards the People of this Kingdom, and dictated by a becoming Anxiety for the Preservation of the Revenue, and the Support of Public Credit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " direct," the Words " being intended only to signify the Opinion of this House " touching the Expediency, under certain Circumstances.

" of the Exercise of discretionary Powers given by Act of " Parliament, and not as binding the Lords of the Treasury to forbear the Exercise of the said Pow ers, or to " subject the same to the separate Direction of this House."

And

34 Geo. III.

16* — 18° Fehrttarii.

9*5

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inlcrted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Resolution of the 24th of December lull, which declared the Seni’e and Opinions of this House, " That the Coininifiioners of the Treasury 4i ought not to give their Consent to the Acceptance " of any Bills drawn, or to be drawn, from India,

" until it shall be made to appear to this House, that usufficient Means can be provided for the Payment of the fame, when they respectively fall due, by a regular Application of the clear Effects of the Company, after discharging in their regular Course, the Customs and other Sums due to die Public, and' the u current Demands upon the Company, or until this House shall otherwise direct," was constitutional, founded in a Sense of Duty towards the People of this Ki ngdom, and dictated by a becoming Anxiety for the Preservation of the Revenue, and die Support of Public Credit.

Resolved, That if this House had, in the unsettled State of the East India Company, which was and still is under the Consideration of Parliament, in order to form (bine Provisions for the Relief of that Company, and die Security of the Public, neglected to pass the fit id Rclblution of the 24th of December, to guard against a newr Charge, to a considerable Amount, being rashly incurred, before any Means of answering it hud been stated or provided, diey would have been justly and highly responsible to their Confdtuents for the In-crenlc of those Evils and Difficulties which are already too (everely felt.

Resolved, That this House will, with the utmost Mo* deration, but with the most decided Firmness, maintain inviolably die Principles of die Constitution, and will persevere in the diligent and confcicntious Discharge of those Duties, which they owe to their Constituents, and to their Posterity; ecpially felicitous to preserve their own Privilege*, and to avoid any Encroachments on those of either oi the odier Branches of the Legislature.

iCnvemm-ot The Order of the Day being read, for the House to «l*st linha resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ttmhincs. Upon die Bill for the better Government of the Terri- torial Pofll-(lions and Dependencies in

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itfclfinto the said Committee.

p.mipt The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

Itoj- Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom die Bill to explain and amend lb much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for 4* repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for u charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promitlbry Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand ;" and for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and u other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon IVedncsdny Morning next.

Sut* of tb« The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

N-uon. resolve Hit If into a Committee of the whole House, to

confulcr further of the State of the Nation;

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposal, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Vol. Sy.

An Amendment was pfoposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day," and inserting the Words " Tomorrow Morning" indead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this Day" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " To*

" morrow Morning" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of die Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of die Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* "Way* and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee!, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 18* die Februarii J Anno 24* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

P RATERS.

A PETITION of the Gentleibett, Freeholders, Sleaford Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants Navigation, residing at Sleaford and Boston, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the Parts of Kestecen and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Stream or Rivet* and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causcwai/4 through the Parishes of New Shaj'ord, Old Sleaford, and Evedon Haverholm Priory, and the several Parishes of Amcick, Ewei'by, North and South Kyme,. and Szt'ineshead, in the Parts of Kestecen and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Junction of the said Stream or River with the River Wit ham, near Chapel Hill, in the same County, extends to the Distance of Twelve Miles, or thereabouts; and that, if the said River was made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, a Communication would thereby be opened with the Port of Boston, the City of Lincoln, and the River Trent, whereby great Benefit would arise to the Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said Stream or River from Sleaford to the Witham, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Coro, and other Goods and Commodities, at iefs Expence than is now paid for the same by Land Carriage, greatly tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, navigable from Sleaford Castle Causetoay to the Junction of the said Stream with the River Witham,

11 C , making

Hirmin^ham,

Navigation.

926 18® Februarii. A. 1784.

making ftnh Cuts, and maintaining the said Navigation, in fuel) Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they- do examine tiic Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir , Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bilston, and from thence to Authority, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and and that another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty, to rectify a Mistake in the said first-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend the fame; and that another Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Staff, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines, and also, a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of in the said

County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and that the Canal and Collateral Cuts, authorized to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, will communicate with the Canal and Collateral Cuts, made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by the said first-recited Act, and nearly the whole of the Proprietors of the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Proprietors of the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, are the feme Persons; and that, as the said respective Navigations will communicate with each other, and great Expences and Inconveniencies would be avoided by incorporating the fame, and making them one common Concern, it hath been agreed, that the feme should be consolidated, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the said Two Undertakings have entered into Agreements for that Purpose; and that, by a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, it is recited, that at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the re-foeftive Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and GrandTrunk Canal Navigations, and from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to job the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies or Constituents, that, in order to effect a general Communication between the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Heath, that

the Oxford Canal should be completed from Oxford to Banbury, and that the new Subscribers should execute a Canal from such Coal Mines to Birmingham and to Fazeley; and, the more easily to effect the Communication between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, it was agreed, that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, relinquish to the

Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley wad Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them at their joint Expence, the Subscribers to such new Canal allowing to the Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal 500l., as a Consideration for superintending and di-resting the Execution of such Branch of Canal; and it was further agreed, that the Profits arising upon that Part of the said Canal should be divided in Manner following;'that is to say, the Profits arising upon the Half Part thereof, from Fazeley towards Fradley Heath, by the Subscribers to the new-intended Canal; and the Profits arising from the other Half Part thereof, from Fradley Heath towards Fazeley, by the Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal; and that, when the feme should be completed, it should be equally divided between them, and each Part considered as the several and difrinft Property of the said Parties, and be supported accordingly; and it was therein expressed to be further understood and agreed, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham throughout the intended Canal to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; but it was thereby also understood, that the Subscribers to the said intended Canal were not to be restrained from taking any additional Tonnage for all Coals patting from the Collieries and discharged at Birmingham, or any Distanceupon the intended Canal short of Fazeley; and it is further recited, that the Canals and Collateral Cuts authorized to be made by the Company of Proprietors incorporated by that Act, and under the Authority of the same, had been substituted in the Place and Stead of the said proposed Canal from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the said Company had, in Consideration of the fame, agreed to ratify and confirm the aforesaid Agreement so entered into by the said former Subscribers, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal from Fazeley to Fradley Heath aforesaid; it is therein enacted, that the said Agreement so entered into by the said former Subscribers, and the several. Matters and Things therein specified and contained, to be done by and on their Parts, shall be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto; and that, although by the said last mentioned Act it is enacted, that the Agreement so entered into by the said former Subscribers at Coleshill, and the several Matters and Things therein specified and contained to be done, by and on their Parts, should be binding and conclusive upon the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said last mentioned Act, yet it is conceived, that the Authority of Parliament is necessary to enable such Proprietors to carry the said Agreement into Execution; and that, for the more speedily and effectually completing the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, it will be necessary to borrow a large Sum of Money, by Way of Loan, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said respective Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and it will be likewise necessary that feme of the Clauses in the said last mentioned Act should be explained, altered, and amended, and some further Powers given for the better carrying on, completing, and improving the said Navigations! And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to consolidate the said Two respective Undertakings of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and for incorporating the said Two respective Companies of Proprietors, and the several Powers, Privileges, and Authorities by the said respective Acts of Parliament granted; and that such further Powers may be grunted to the Petitioners, as may be necessary to enable them tq borrow Money for

completing

Costiam

Bind.

IfamifjuFlure o/ Cordage.

24 Geo. III.

completing the said last mentioned Undertaking, to carry into Execution the Agreement lb entered into at ('vie*hi!/, for explaining and amending several Clanfes in the said last mentioned Act, and for furh other Purpol'es as the House shall see fit and expedient, for the Support and Improvement of the said respective Navigations.

Ordered, That the fiiid Petition be referred to the Considerution of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear' to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Sir George

Shitckhurgh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wyndhamreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trustees, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of and South-

ampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.r,th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fume, os it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester, was read: And

Mr. Benjamin Brtr.en being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon die Credit of the Tolls — That the Sum of 2,630/. still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, un'.efs the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Cosham, in tire County of,

" to the City of Chichester And that Mr. and Mr. Thonuss Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Ropemakers within the Port of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the llopemakers within the said Port, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to diem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Jblloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petidon, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the avoiding of Deceit " in making and felling of Twice-laid Cordage, and for " the better preserving of the Navy of this Realm," was tcad: And

Mr. James Jifilchcll being examined, said, That the said Act hath been found insufficient to prevent the Frauds and Abuses therein mentioned — That of late Years, other Deceits and Abuses in the manufacturing of Cordage for the Use of Shipping, besides those enumerated in, and meant to be provided against by, the said Act, have frequently been committed, particularly by working up damaged or condemned Hemp, or uling such os is of a Quality unfit for the Purpose, Vo I- 39.

927

but which, after the Rope is tarred, is not distinguishable in its Appearance from found staple Hemp. — To corroborate this Evidence,

Mr. Joseph Lifford produced to your Committee Two Samples of Rope, the one made of found good Herrtp, the other of bad; and it appeared to your Committee, that, although the Difference in their Quality was uot discoverable by Inspection only, the Rope made of damaged Hemp was totally unfit for any Use whatever.

Mr. Mitchell being further examined, said, That the Interposition of the Legislature to put a Stop to the various Frauds and Deceits practised in the making of Cordage for the Use of Shipping is become indifpcnfubly necessary, in order to recover and preserve the Credit of the Manufacture at Foreign Markets, and for the Security of the Lives and Properties of His Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping: And that Mr.

Watson and Mr. Alderman Nezcnham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Tregnny, &c. an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostzcithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of

Creed, in the County of Cormcall, through to

Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three

hundred Yards on the South Side of Mill, in the

Parish of Saint Just, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the LostzcithielTurnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cormcall, through 1'regony, to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Masterman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners Rpgiftry of of the Land Tax, and Substantial Freeholders of the NortLum-County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto ber, un<i* subscribed: And alto,

A Petition of His Majestys Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Almcick, in and for the County of Northumberland, the 8th Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1783:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, which may affect any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Northumberland; and that the Petitioners have strong Reasons to believe, that such Bill, if passed into a Law, will prove inconvenient, dangerous, and oppressive to the said County, and injurious to the general Credit and Trade thereof, as well as to the Landed Interest: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, purl'uant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Persons w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of and within the County of

possessed

18° Februariu

A mm

Navigation.

Nrwkaven

budge.

Chatteris

lucloi’ure.

928

18° Februarii.

A. 1784.

pofllfled of Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County.

A Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occupiers

Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common; and that that there are, within the said Parish, certain other Com* inons and Waste Grounds, called Acre Fen Lots, and Lots in Addition to the said Acre Fen, containing about 600 Acres; and also, a certain other Common, or

of Land adjoining to the River A run, in the County of Waste Ground, called The Turf Fen, containing about Snfsex, and others interested in the Navigation of the said 250 Acres; and that the Owners and Proprietors of River, was presented to the House, and read; Setting - the greatest Part of the said 1C5 Commonable Mel* forth, That the Navigation of the said River is, in some fuages, or Houses, and Tofts, conceive that a small Places, much obstructed by Shoals, and many other Im- temporary Benefit only will be reaped under the said pediments; and the River is, in several Places, so very recited Act, and several Matters and Things are therein (hallow, as to make it incouvenient for the conveying of contained which are prejudicial to the Rights and Interests Goods and Merchandizes thereon; and that it would be of all the Owners or Proprietors of the said Commonable of great public Utility to improve the Navigation of the Messuages or Houses, and Tofts, in Chatteris aforesaid; said River from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of and that great Part of the said 5,900 Acres of the said

..... " Commons and Waste Grounds are at a considerable

Distance from the Houses of the Occupiers thereof; the said Acre Fen Lots, and Lots in Addition thereto, from the Smallncfs thereof, are inconvenient for Occupation, and the Whole of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and it would be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates, and be a public Benefit, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the // 'isho rough Green, in the said County of Sussex, and to said recited Act, and for dividing, allotting, and inclos-continue and extend the Navigation of the said River ing all the said Commons and Waste Grounds, except A run from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to the said Common called The Turf Fen, in such Manner,

Nero Bridge, in the said Parishes of Pulborough and and under such Regulations, as the House shall think IFishoroughGreen. proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Mr. Zee and Mr. Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the shall appear to them, to the House: fame.

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Newton Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- of an Act, passed, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Abbott her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads Road‘*

Houghton, in the Couoty of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, by removing the said Shoals, and erecting Locks and Dams, and to continue and extend the Navigation of the said River from the said Wharf to a Bridge called New Bridge, in the Parishes of and Wis-

borough Green, in the said County of Sussex: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills for improving the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Bridge called Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the

Records.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ouse at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are tliercunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages or Houses, and Tofts, in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way, in Kinszccar, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of tho Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and towards Abbott's Kerswell to Five Lanes, and from Langver's Bam to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from War-

borough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay, and from Langver's Barn to the North End of

Town, all in the Couoty of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His

That an Act was made in the Twenty-third Year of present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better or- from the South End ot Newton Abbott to the Passage dering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, Way in opposite

cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and ness» and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Oc- towards Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes, and from ' - " - Langver's Barn to the said Turnpike Road between

Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmplon War-borough to Monk's Bridge and Brirham Quay; and from Langver's Bam to the North End of Paington Town, all in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Holdsworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrrence.

cu piers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame; and that there are, within the said Parish of Chatteris, several Commons and Waste (Grounds, containing about 5,900 Acres, certain Parts thereof called The In Commons, and certain other Parts called The Out Commons, over the Whole of which the Owners or Proprietors of 1C2 Commonable Messuages or Houses, or of the Tolilteads of Wasted Commonable Messuages or Houses, within the said Parish, or their Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common, and over Part of which said Commons and Waste Grounds, that is to

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Llanegwai others, of the County of Carmarthen, and Principality of Wales, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

say, The In Commons only, the Owners or Proprietors was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, of Three other Commonable Messuages or Houses, or That the Roads leading from the Parish of Llanrgzrad, of the Toftftcads of Wasted Commonable Messuages or in the County of Carmarthen, over the River Towy, Houses, within the said Parish of Chatteris, or their through the Ford called Llandilo R/nemcs, to the 07 Lime

4 Geo. III. 18 0 Februari929

I-line Kilns, in the Parish of in the said

County, and from the said Parish of over the said River T through the Ford called Glanrhydshod and the said Parish of to I. out-//- Her an, in the Parish of in

the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course ot 1-ii'v; and that it would he of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes, ' and to all other Persons having Occasion to ule the said Roads, if the same were pro-jH-rly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and if a good und substantial Carriage Bridge was erected over the River 'Fuuy, at or near one of the above Fords: And therefore praying. That Leave may be giuen to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in Inch Manner as the House shall think pro|XT.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appenr to them, to the House-'

And it is referred to Sir If’atlei Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Sjteakers Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

FiliopS A Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the

i.tur* Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, was presented to the

oi Otixva. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, l»v a consideruble residence in Holland, and great Attention to the Method of making Spirits there, vhich are known l»v the Name of Geneva, made hiinlclf Master of the Art und Mystery of preparing the fame; and that the Spirit !b manufactured in the I’niteJ Provinces was always allowed to be far fu-jnrior in (juality to the same Kind of Spirit made in any other Country, until the Petitioner, after repented Experiments, and a very great Expence in providing and constructing the necessary Buildings and Implements established his said Manufactory at JJitulsto/ic, where he has, till lately, made Spirits fully equal in Flavour, Strength, and Purity, to the best made in Foreign Countries, inso much that it is very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish the same from the belt Holland's Geneva; and that, in order to make the Spirit he manufactures, the Nature of his Proofs requires a much larger Proportion of Wash to a given Quantity of Geneva than by a lately made Law is permitted, for which Reason the Petitioner applied to the House, in the last Session of Parliament, to he exempted from the Provision of an Act, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and " for graining certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa " Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more cffcctnal securing Uie Revenue of Excite, and of the " Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds " then in; for the more punctual and ready Payment " of the Allowances to lie made to Brewers out of " the additional Duties imputed on Malt; and for " nftifving a Mistake in an Act, made in this present billion of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of " Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise " imposed by the said Act;" and that the Petitioner, not liiccccding in his Application, and being most grievously injured in his Property, and embarrafied in his Trade, by the Provisions of the said Act, hath ever lincc ul’ed his utmost Skill and Diligence to discover Ionic Mode of Working, by which he might make Spirits as good as those he used to do, conformably to the Provisions and Ileftrictions of the said Vol. 31).

Act, but without Succels; and therefore the Petitioner hopes, if some Relief was to be granted him respecting the Method of charging and collecting the Excise Duty on the Spirit he manufactures, he may be enabled to carry on his Trade as well as he did before the parting of the said Act, by which the Revenue would be very materially benefited, and the ftnuggling of Holland's Geneva into this Country in some Degree prevented: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the singular Hardship of his same may be found to merit, and as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Maitland presented to the House ac- Form cording to Order, a Bill for declaring that the Form and Mode of taking an Oath by certain Persons, bcotan Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland, shall be admitted instead of an Oath in the usual Manner:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Hennikerreported from the Committee, to Dovor

whom the Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery Sma!1 Debt* of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Davor, and the Parishes of Charlton, BuckRiver, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon,

woutd. Saint Margarctt's at Cliff, Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huff ham, Caple

Le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee' had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevered Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s TableWhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charlton Leighton reported from the Committee, Shrewsbury to whom the Petition of the fevered Persons whose Poor. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, assessed towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Chad, Saint Mary, Saint Alkmond, Saint Julian, Holy Cross, and,

and Meole Brace otherwise Brace ,within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Rejiort in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor of the several Parishes within the said Town and Liberties are very numerous, and are supported at a great and burthensome Expence to the Inhabitants — That if proper Powers were granted for providing a convenient Place for their Reception, and for their being orderly and well governed therein, it would not only tend to the more effectual Relief of such as by Age or other Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by Labour, n D but

Wadsley

Incloiuic.

llrande*§

K*t.

Thame*

and his Navigation.

930

i8° Februarii. 1784.

but to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious.

And the Witness further said, That if Provisions were made for allowing Contrafts or Agreements to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor belonging to any of the other Parishes within the County, in such Place as may be provided for the Reception of the Poor of the Parishes above mentioned, it would be an Ease and Advantage to such Parishes as may be willing to make Inch Contracts, and be of public Utility; and that by Means of such Powers and Provisions, the Poor, instead of being a heavy Burthen to their respective Parishes, would contribute to the mutual Support and Relief of each other, and would be of some Advantage to the Community.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes within the Town of,

and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop: And that Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Hill, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons wholes Names are thereunto subscribed, and who are severally entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Loxiey Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, both within the Parish of field, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also certain Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the said Manor of Wadsley, was presented to the IIoulc, and read;

Setting forth, That the said several Commons and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fo/jambeand Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. HlnchcombeHartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Augustus Everard Brande, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed, duly qualified, and acting, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, and another Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for amending the aforesaid Act; and also, of the several Subscribers and Contributors to the several Loans on the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of the said Acts, the Petitioners, and others of the said Commissioners for putting the same into Execution, have borrowed the Sum of 28,900l. (Part of 50,000l. which they were authorized by the said Acts to borrow) and have expended

the same in improving the said Navigation for an Extent of near Fifty Miles; and that, by Means of the said Improvements, the Price of Water Carriage on the said Navigation has beeu lefl'ened, and the Navigation of the said Rivers rendered more safe, certain, and expeditious, as far as the said Improvements extend; and that the said Commissioners, in order to continue, extend, and complete the said Improvements, according to the Tenor of the said Acts, have frequently made Application, by public Advertisement, for the borrowing of a farther Sum of Money, but have not been able to obtain any further Loan under the present Powers and the Securities they are enabled to give; and that, if they were impowered to ascertain, regulate, and determine, the Receipt of all the Tolls, Freight, and other Charges now paid, or to be paid, on the said Navigation, and if the present and future Subscribers were formed into a Body Politic and Corporate, for the Management of the said Navigation, subject nevertheless, in all Cales where the Public are concerned, to the Controul of Commissioners at large, the Petitioners conceive that a sufficient Sum of Money might be raised to continue, extend, and complete the said Improvements, according to the Tenor of the said Acts, and thereby they should be enabled to make a further Reduction in the Price of the Carriage of Goods on the said Navigation, as well as to render it progressively upwards more safe, certain, and expeditious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts, and for effecting and obtaining the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Winchco Hartley, Mr. Elwes, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, GrumMd* Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other prin- Ash, fee. cipal Inhabitants residing within the Hundreds of Small Debt*. Grumbolds Ash and Langley, and Swineshead, and the several Parishes of Marshfield, Yale, Raingzvor thy, and Iron Acton, in the County of Gloucester, and within such Parts of the Hundred of Bath , and Li-

berty of Hampton and Claverton, in the County of Somerset, as are not within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That considerable Trades and Manufactories are carried on within the several Hundreds, Parishes, and Parts above mentioned, which employ a great Number of Persons, many of whom contract small Debts, which they refuse to pay, presuming on the Difliculties their Cre- . ditors lie under in recovering the same by the Laws now in Force; and the Petitioners apprehend, that an Act for the more speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds, Parishes, and Parts aforesaid, would tend to the Advantage of the Manufacturers,

Labourers, and industrious Poor in the said several Hundreds, Parishes, and Parts, by the Promotion of useful Credit, and the Encouragement of Industry:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said several Hundreds of Grumbolds Ash and Langley, and Swineshead, and the luid several Parishes of Marshfield, Yale, wortliy, and Iron Acton, and within such Parts of the said

24 Geo. III. i8° Februarii. 931

said Hundred of Bath Forum, and Liberty of Hampton and C/averton, as are not within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the Iloufe shall seem meet.

Ordcnd, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mutter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall uppear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hartley, Mr.

Dutton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Knirul.o- A Petition of the Right honourable Alexander Lord

nu„b toitft, Loughborough, and the humble Petition of Sir hjpe, he, IVray, Raronct, and Sir John Baronet, on Behalf

of themselves and of rlivers other Persons, being Owners of I^nds. heretofore lying o[»en and uninclosed, within the 1)lit 1 ict called The Forest in the County of York, or being interel'ted in other Lands in the said District, called The Two Hundred full lying

opt n and uninclosed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two Afits, of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, upwards of 20,000 Acres of Waste Land have been allotted to the Persons entitled thereto, within the a fore said District, and great Parts thereof have been inclosed and improved, at a great Expence; and that by the said Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Provisions were made for the Protection of certain Springs of Medicinal Waters at or near

gate. within the said District, and for allotting 200 Acres of l^md, Part of the said Waste3, near unto the said Springs; and it was thereby enacted, that the said 200 Acres thonld remain for ever open and uninclosed, and that ull Persons (liouhl, at all Times, have free Access to the said Springs, and free Ingrcfs and Egrels in and upon the said 200 Acres, without any Molestation, and tluit the said 200 Acres should be a Stinted Pasture, to l>c enjoy* d by such Persons, and in such Manner, as in the litid Act is dnected; and that it was by the said Provisions, meant and intended, that the said 200 Acres of Land (liould be levelled, drained, and laid out into Rides and Walks, and a diffident Number of Trees planted thereon, for Ornament, Shade, and Shelter, for the Recreation of Persons resorting to Harrogate for the Benefit of the said Waters, and that no Fences, Gates, Toll Bars, or other Impediment, should be set up or made within the said Pasture, to obl'trufit a free Railage over the fame; and, for those Purposes, the said 200 Acres were, by the Commissioners appointed by the said A fits, so allotted, as to extend from the principal Inns or Places of Residence of the Nobility and Gentry, during the Seasons for taking the Benefit of the said Waters, at or near the Village of Higher Harrogate, to the Village of Harro-

gate, where the said Springs arise, but such good Designs and Intentions have been hitherto frustrated; and that, some Years since, a Chapel, for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, was built, by voluntary Contribution, upon the Waste adjoining the said 200 Acres, for the Accommodation of the neighbouring Inhabitants, and of the Persons resorting to Harrogate, but the said Chapel is not capacious enouah for the Reception of the said Inhabitants and the said Company, and being the only Place of public Worship thereabouts, the said Inhabitants are desirous that it (liould be enlarged, and that the Right of nominating the Minister thereof may be so settled as that the said Chapel shall be at all Times supplied with a proper Miuilter to perform Divine Service You 29.

therein, and that a suitable and permanent Provisiort may be made for such Minister; and that no Provi-fiofi having been made by the said Afits for ascertaining and settling, or for giving any Powers whereby may be settled, the Extent and Boundaries of the several Town-ships or Constableries in the said Distrifit, over the said Waste Lands, great Doubts and Difficulties have arisen in respefit to the repairing several of the Highways, and in the Adjustment of Rates and Taxes, as well amongst the Assessors thereof, as amongst the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands, not only in the said new Inclosures, but also in ancient Inclosures, within the said Distrifit called The Forest, and much Strife, Variance, and Controverly have already arisen, and are likely to increase, in respefit thereto, and the same cannot be quieted, and the Boundaries established, but by the Authority of Parliament; and that Provisions were also made, by the said first-mentioned Afit, for effecting and confirming Exchanges of Lands within the said Distrifit, and many Exchanges were made in Consequence thereof, and other Persons are desirous of making further Exchanges, as between each other, which would be to their mutual Advantage, but Doubts have arisen whether such Exchanges will be now legal and cffefitual, unless the said Powers were revived: And therefore praying, That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombeand Mr. Foljambe do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Lemon from the Earl Com-RollsChapel, attended at the Door; he was called in; rn*

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to constable of their Order, the Tower.

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Commission to " Charles Earl Cornwallis, to be Constable of the Tower " of London, dated 10th January, 11th Year of King " George the Third."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Grant to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Baronefe of to consider of the Petition of Caroline Baronefe of Greeawich. Greemrich be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was direfited by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, Eicke’s, &c. according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Detleo Bona- Nat. ventura Eicke, and John Henry Hecker: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Remonstrance and Petition of the Council and ifla„dof Assembly of the Bland of Nevis, in Behalf of them- Nevi*. (elves and the rest of the Planters and Inhabitants of the said Bland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Event of Peace, amid ft the general

93 2 18° Februarii. 1784.

general Jov which it hath diffused, hath excited, in the Calms and Currents To prevalent in those Seas; nay,

Breaks of the Petitioners, Senlations no Ids of Grati- the veiy Coast of Antigua would incrcale the Evil, as tude than of llappinels for the invaluable Bh fling it from its natural Disadvaiitages all Access to it is lingu-confers upon them, in the Restoration of their Island to larly diflieult; weak, therefore, as are her natural Pre-the British Realms, and consequently in putting an End tendons to a lice Port, her eventual ones seem no lets to the Dil'trefl’cs and ladles they have borne by their so; for that, if exclusive Privileges are to be granted to Capture and Detention in the Enemy's Hands for nearly any one Bland for its particular Benefit, at the Expenre Two Years; and that the Petitioners, in contemplating and manifest Injury of the rest, a Regard to the Suffer* the happy Consequences of Peace, have not reltrained ings and Ldles of those which have been captured in the their Expectations from extending the mlclves to the Course of the War Mould no doubt, in Justice and IIu-Bendits of an open Trade with America, for, being manity, mark one of them as the littcli Object of Par-conscious that their very Existence as a Sugar Colony tiality; and that the Petitioners, however, presume not depends on such an Bidulgcncc, they flattered themselves to harbour a Thought so injurious to the Justice and Im-that Government would become sensible of their Situa- partiality of Government, as to apprehend the Possibility tion, it being not peculiar to them alone, but common of Succels to a Petition from any one Bland to the to all the Leeward Sugar Blands, they therefore hoped Detriment of the rclt, but, having thus fluted the Dc-that no Obstacle would arise to their Intercourse with pendance of these Colonies on the Continent of a Country which, from its local and other natural as well for the Sale of their Rum as for the necessary Advantages, hath afforded the only possible Means Supplies of Lumber and Grain, with which neither of carrying on the Cultivation of those Blands, and Britain nor any of her Territories can furnish them but without the continued Assistance of which those Blands upon the most ruinous Terms, must also submit to the mult become ruinous to the Proprietors of their Lands, House, as a farther reasonable Plea for thus approach-and useless Burthens to the Nation; and that they ing them, their present embarrailed Situation in Con* have never alarmed themselves with the least Appre- sequence of heavy local Taxes, additional Duties on Su-henflon of Government’s prohibiting their free Com- gars in England, the reduced Price of that Article, and inuuication with the United States of America, from their late unfortunate Crops: And therefore praying, an Idea of Nova Scotia and Canada's being competent That the House will take the Premises into their most .'to supply them, it being an indisputable Fa& that serious Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may the uncultivated State of the former Province subjects seem meet.

it to almost nn entire Dependanee for its Support Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

on the more Southern and fruitful Provinces, whilst Table.

Canada, from its Distance, and from its difficult and

indeed impracticable Navigation during Six Months The House being informed that Mr. Pollock, from Lord Lennox

of the Year, cannot be regarded as a regular Source the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries Constabk of of Supplies; and that, being thus buoyed up with of State, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and ,lie iower* the hopes of renewing so necessary a Trade, and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their foreseeing, in their own Conceptions, no probable Bn- Order,

pediment thereto, they have been the more surprized to A Paper, intituled, " (Copy) George Henry,

hear that in the Period of their Captivity, which with- " commonly called Lord George Henry Lennox, C’ou-

held them from seeking and experiencing the Clemency " stable of the Tower of London."

of Government, a Misfortune which rather enhances And then he withdrew.

than diminishes their Title to Favours, that in the very And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Inltant of such their Distress, the Bland of Antigua Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

hath availed herself of her more fortunate Lot, and to be perilled by the Members of the House, petitioned Government to be made a free Port; and The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other

that, if such an Indulgence be granted t o Antigua, and Papers of this Session. if the other Blands of the Leeward Government be

thereby excluded from a direct Tiade with America, it A Petition of the Most Noble Duke and Earl Alnwick

mult ultimately end iu their Ruin; it would, through of Northumberland, and of the Right honourable Hugh Inclosure.

Necessity, oblige the other Islands to lend to Antigua Baron Percy commonly called Earl Percy, and the

for Provisions and Lumber at an enhanced Expence, a humble Petition of the Right honourable Algernon

Measurc severely burthen (bine to them, and beneficial to Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, and of

Antigua alone, as it would in no wife concur with the the Chamberlains and Four and Twenty, or Common

Policy of Great Britain (should Inch be her Object) to Council, and the rest of the Freemen of the Borough

diminish American Imports; such an exclusive Indul- o( Ain wickin the County of Northumberland, and of

pence to Antigua would establish it as the Angle Mart the Widows of deceased Freemen of the said Borough,

through which the other Blands could procure a regular whose Names are thereunto liibscribed, was presented

Vent for their Rum, and the Profits of it, after deduct- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

ing the heavy Charges of Freight, would be reduced Town of Alnwick is an ancient Borough, confuting of

to a Value very inadequate to the Labour and Expence ancient Burgages, or Borough Houses, for which there

of distilling it; and that tliefc Disad vantages, great are certain linall Annual Burgage Rents paid, and of

in themselves, would be yet aggravated by unavoid- Right payable to the said Duke of Northumberland,

able Interruptions to the Importation of Supplies from Lord of the Manor and Borough aforesaid; and

Antigua, and that more especially in the Hurricane that there are in the said Borough Ten Compa-

Moutiis, when, from the Dread of violent Winds, nies or Fraternities of Burgesses or Freemen, who

and the usual Teinpcfluous Weather, the Trading are a Body Corporate by Prescription, and the Bailiff'

Vessels are mostly laid up, and scarcely any Coininu- of the Lord of the said Mauor und Borough is, and nication preserved betwixt the Blands, no Vessels, hath generally been, reputed to be the Chief Officer during that Period of the Year, can be hired, unlcTs within the said Manor and Borough; and that the at the most exorbitant Prices, and, after all, the Management of the Business and Concerns of the said Succels of their Voyage would be a very precarious Freemen have, for Time immemorial, been performed Dependanee, but, even at more favourable Sealbns, by a leh et Number of the said Freemen, called Cham-Disappoint nents would too frequently occur, from berluins and Four and Twenty, or Common Council, the Windward Situation of Antigua, and hoin the amounting to Twenty-lour Perkins in the Whole, the 04 Name*

18 "Fehruam

24 Geo. III.

Names of Eight of whom have been Annually returned by the said Chamberlains and Four and Twenty, or Common Council, and presented at the Court Leet held for the said Manor and Borough within One Month after the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel, unto the Lord’s Steward there, in order that at the same Court the said Steward might nominate and admit Four of the said Eight Burgesses or Freemen to be Chamberlains of the said Corporation for the Year ensuing, and the said Chamberlains, and all Officers of the said Manor and Borough are sworn at the said Court Leet before the Lord's Steward to the due Execution of their Offices; and that there is, adjoining to the said Town or Borough, a large Tract of Land called Alnwick Moor, situate within and Parcel of the said Manor and Borough of;

and by virtue of certain ancient Grants from Lords of the said Manor, the said Freemen are entitled to Common of Pasture, and to divers other Privileges on the said Moor, they paying to the Lord of the Manor Two Shillings per Annum, for the Liberty of depasturing their Cattle thereon in the Fence Month, and the said Freemen are seised of certain Estates, Lands, und Tenements, also lying and being within the Manor and Borough of aforesaid; and

that the said Freeincen, or such of them as have been resident in the said Borough, or in the Parish of Alnwick, and also the resident Widows of deceased Freemen, have enjoyed Right of Common and divers other Privileges over the Whole of the said Moor, until the Time of making the Inclosures therefrom; and drat long after the making of the said Grants, and for some Time pad, divers Parcels of the said Moor have, from Time to Time, been inclosed therefrom, and cultivated by, or by the Order of, the Chamberlains and Four and Twenty for tire Time being, with the Concurrence of divers other Freemen or Burgesses of the said Corporation, but without the Consent of the then Lord of the said Manor; and that the said Duke of Northumberland and his late Dutchess, as Lord and Lady of the said Manor and Borough, and Owners of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Moor, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 6th Day of 1762, did consent that the said Inclosure should be established to the said Cor|>oration, and should continue to be let to farm for their Benefit, and also to grant to them certain Privileges therein mentioned, and did likewise agree to such other Matters as are in the said Articles contained; and that divers Exchanges of Land have taken place, and certain Agreements have been entered into, and Deeds executed, between tl»e said Duke and tire late Dutcbefs of land, and the said Corporation; and tire Rents and Profits arising from the said Inclosures respectively, and from lire other Estates and Properties of {the (hid Burgcfl'es, have, from Time to Time, been received by the said Chamberlains for the Time being, and have, or ought to have, been applied to the Use of the said Freemen, and Widows of deceased Freemen, of the said Borough; and that the said Duke of thuniUrland, being desirous of shewing Favour and Reg.ird towards tire said Freemen of Alnwick, hath, with the Concurrence of the Right honourable Earl foxy, and Lord Algernon Percy, and on certain Conditions, consented to permit an Improvement on other Parts of the tiid Moor, and to grant certain Privileges for that Purpose, as well for the Accommodation of the said Freemen, as for the adorning that Part of the Country, and, the said Chamberlains and Four and Twenty, or Common Council, with the rest of the said Freemen, arc desirous that the same (liould be carried into effectual Excution; and that divers Dif-putes have ariien touching the Application of the Kents and Profits arising trom the said several Inclosures, as also of the Rents and Profits of the said

Vo 1. ay.

Estates, and other the Properties or Revenue of the Alnwick said Freemen, for Remedy whereof divers of the said Inc, ofu,e* Freemen, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Freemen (except the Members of the Four and Twenty, or Common Council) and also divers of the resident Widows of deceased Freemen, lately filed a Bill in Chancery against the then Chamberlains and Four and Twenty, or Common Council, of the said Corporation, praying a Discovery and an Account of the Matters therein mentioned, and allb, that the Rights and Interests of the said Freemen resident in the said Borough to their said Estates, Properties, and Privileges, might, be established, and that proper Direction might be given for the future Enjoyment thereof; and that the Petitioners are desirous of putting an End to such Litigations and Disputes, and that the Affairs of the said Freemen, particularly with respect to the Revenue belonging to them, should in future be subjected to certain Regulations, which the Petitioners apprehend will greatly conduce to securte to the Freemen of the said Borough the Benefits of the several Grants made to them by the Lords of the said Manor, and of the other Properties, Rights, and Privileges belonging to the said Freemen, and that the Articles of Agreement, entered into as aforesaid,

should in Part, and the said Exchanges, Agreements, and Deeds, should, in the Whole, according to the Intention and true Meaning of the Parties thereto, be effectually established, ratified, and confirmed, and also that such further Improvement of the said Moor, as hath been proposed by the said Duke of Northum-berland (on such Conditions as aforesaid) should be made; and that there is no Free School within the said Borough (except a Free Grammar School, and a very inconsiderable Charity School, for the Purpose only of teaching the Children of the poor Freemen and 'Widow's of Freemen to read) and it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Freemen to have a new Free School or Schools instituted in the said Borough, fdr the Purpose of instructing the Children of Freemen in the English Language, and in Writing, Aritthmetic, and the Mathematics, and to have Part of the Revenues of the said Corporation appropriated for the Endowment and Support of the fame, and for the building a new School House or School Houses for that Purpose, and a Dwelling House for the Master or Masters thereof, and to have certain Regulations established touching the Choice or Nomination of the Matters of the ’said several Schools, and touching their Salaries, and for the good Order and Government of the said Schools: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying the Intentions Of the said Parties into effectual Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fiiafl. appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sit John Coghill, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pjersons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Governor of of the Letters Patent appointing the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway Governor of the Island of Jersey.

Ordered, That there be laid bfefore this House, an Governor* of Account of the Salary, Fees, and Perqoifites of the Plymouth, Governors of Plymouth, Portsmouth, Jersey, Tilbury c*

Fort, and The Isle of Wight.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Governor of

11 E Copy ( of Wight

934 18® FebruA. 1784.

Copy of the last Commission appointing the Governor of The Isle of Wight.

F»v, &c. of The House being informed that Mr. Gore, Deputy Constable of Lieutenant of the Tower of attended at the

the lower. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Pay, Fees, Perquisites, and Allow, ances, payable to, or claimed by, the Constable of the Tower or London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Angkfey, A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble

&c. Hood. Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy,'and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great,

and also of the Kingdom of being offered to be

presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommmends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Improvement of tire great Road leading through the Counties of Anglesey and towards Ireland, is an Object of much public Import* ance, as it tends to facilitate the Intercourse between both Kingdoms, and for several Years past great Sums of Money have been Annually expended in amending the said Road, and making Bridges, Dams, and other Works, for the Improvement thereof; and that the Passage of Porthactkwy Ferry, over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, is frequently attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger, to Persons travelling with Mails and ExprelTes between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pals the said Fern; and representing to the House, that it appears from the concurrent Opinions of several very eminent Engineers, that a safe and convenient Passage may be made across the said Arm of the Sea, by a Bridge from the County of Anglesey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Carnarvon, at a Place near the said Ferry, called Ynysgeint; and, in case the same shall be made, it will be necessary to make a new Hoad through certain Lands on each Side of the said Bridge, in order to open a Communication with the said great Road; and that the making such safe and convenient Passage will be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to travel the said Road, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such safe and convenient Passage, and opening proper Communications with the said great Road as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mutter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Report be now received;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Friday Morning next."

And the Question being proposed, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of May 1701, of the further Address agreed to by the House to be presented to his Majesty, desiring him effectually to answer their Address for removing I^ord Sowers, the Earl of Orford, Lord Halifax, and the Earl of Portland, from his Councils and Presence for ever, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of 1701, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garrisons, for One Year, and for other necessary Occasions, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Two last of the Resolutions which upon the 12th Day of January last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Nation, and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 16th Day of January last, was reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^: } 1

Tellers for the Noes, {Jfr. } *>S-

So it palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Friday Morning next " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Mot.on of posed, That this House, impressed with the most Reliance dutiful Sense of His Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, relies on His Majesty’s S'ti'* wiihe* Royal Wil’dom to take such Measures as may tend to of tUe llouie. give Effect to the Wilhes of His Faithful Commons, which have been most humbly represented to His Majesty, and which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to allure this House, that He will take into His Consideration.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Receipt the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and

amend

24 Geo. III.

18° — 190 Febtuarii

m

amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp " Duty upon Inland Pills of Exchange, Promissory " Notes, or other Notes, payable other wile than upon " Demandand for granting new Stamp Duties on " Pills of Exctiange, Promissory und other Notes; and " alto, Stamp Duties on Receipts,'' as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next

Sui» of tl»c Jtcsoh'ed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Nitoo. ing, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tl»e State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

J’ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, u[>on Friday Morn-Uniia. ing iv-xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 19° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1784.

Pa* tees.

D<wor Sm*ll IkbU.

AN ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Dovor, and the Parishes of Charlton,

Rtver, Exr ell, Lydden, Cold red. East Langdon, West

Langdon, Ringwotdd, Saint Margaret's at Cliff, Whit-Jit Id otherwise Be jus field, Gust on, otherwise

Huff ham, Caple Le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Davor Castle, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor, and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydilen, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ring-uould, Saint Margaret's at Cliff, Whitfield otherwise Beausfidd, Guston, Hougham otherw ife Caple

Le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Doooor Castle, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir John Henniker do cany the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coventry A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the 1 gauon. Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented’ to the

1 loufe, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal then making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to raise, amnngfl themselves, the Sum of 50,000l., for carrying the said Work into execution, and if that Sum should not prove sufficient, they were authorized to raise a further Sum of 30,000l., in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners did accordingly raise the said Sum of 50,000l., the Whole of which hath been expended in carrying on the said Work, and the said Canal hath long fence been com-V o L. 30.

pleted from Coventry to Alh in thfe County of Warwick, being about Sixteen Miles and Three Quarters; but the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act have been found insufficient to enable the Petitioners to raise any further Sum of Money towards proceeding with the said Canal, and therefore the Remainder thereof, from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, being about Twenty Miles, remains still unexecuted j and that, at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the Petitioners, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and the said Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, called The Grand Irunk Canal Navigation, and from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighs bourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from

thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neighbour- hood of Fazeley, it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies or Constituents, that, in order to effect a general Communication between the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, and the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and the Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Alherstone and Fradley Heath, that the Oxford Canal should be completed from Oxford to Banbury, and that the Subscribers to the said new-proposed Navigation should execute a Canal from the said Collieries to Birmingham and Fazeley, and that the Petitioners should rciinquish to the Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal, and to the Subscritiers to such proposed Navigation, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them, at their joint Expence, in such Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Agreement; and that, when the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradlty Heath should be completed, it should be equally divided between, and each Part confedered as the several and distinct Property of, the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal and the said Subscribers, and be supported accordingly; and it was further understood and agreed, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham, throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxfot'd Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; but it was thereby also understood, that the Subscribers to the said intended Canal were not to be restrained from taking any additional Tonnage for all Coals passing from the said Collieries, and discharged at Birmingham, or any Distance upon the said intended Canal, short of Fazeley, and that, by a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broad Water Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of,

to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, it is set forth, that the Canals and Collateral Cuts thereby authorized to be made, had been substituted in the Stead of the said proposed Cana), from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said Act, had agreed to ratify and confirm the Agreement so entered into at Coleshill, on the Behalf of the said Subscribers as aforesaid, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal, which lies between Fazeley and Fradley Heath; and it is thereby enacted, that the said Agreement so entered

into

Export of Hare Skins, *ce.

190 Februariu 4.1 784.

into by the said Subscribers, and the several Matters and Things therein specified and contained to be done by and on their Parts, llrould be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said lalMnentioned Act, as fully and effectually ns if they had been Parties thereto j and that, by certain Articles of Agreement, made the 2<)th Day of October 1783, between the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, the Petitioners, and the Company of Propietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, the before-mentioned Agreement, entered into at was, on their

Parts, ratified and confirmed; and that, by certain other Articles of Agreement, made the said 29th Day of October, between the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey and the Petitioners, the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey did covenant and agree with die Petitioners, that, when such Part of the said (’anal, between and FradleyHeath, as was intended to be vested in,

and executed by, that Company as aforesaid, should be completed, the Petitioners should, within a limited Time, be at Liberty to purchase that Part of the said Canal at the Price or Sum of Money which should have been expended in, and relating to the Execution and Completion thereof, with Interest for the same from the Time of expending and advancing such Money; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to carry on and complete the said Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley, and also to support and maintain the Canal already made by them from Coventry to Atherstone as aforesaid, it is necessary that several Alterations and Amendments should be made to the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, and that feme further Powers and Provisions should be given them for those Purposes; and that the carrying the said several Agreements into Execution, and efl"c6king the other Purposes before-mentioned, will be of considerable Benefit to the Petitioners, and of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ratifying and confirming the several Agreements before-mentioned, and for carrying the same into Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, respectively, and for enabling the Petitioners to carry on and complete the said Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley, and for redeeming or purchasing such Part of the said Canal, between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, as shall be veiled in, and made and completed by, the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The 'Mersey, in case the Petitioners shall think pro- per to redeem or purchase the fame, and also for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the I Ioufe shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Conway,

the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at N ine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare Wool, Coney Wool, Goat’s Wool, and other Materials, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was

04

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That the Hat Manufactory of this Kingdom is a very considerable Branch of Trade, in which several Thousand British Subjects are employed; and that Hare Wool and Coney Wool, the Growth of this Kingdom, are better in Quality than any other, and as those are the Staple Articles of this Manufactory,

English Hats have acquired such Reputation, that great Quantities of them are exported to Foreign Parts; and that, in Addition to the Produce of this Country, great Quantities of Hare Wool and Coney Wool have been usually imported from Flanders, Russia, and Germany, but for feme Time past very little of the said Articles have been imported from any of those Parts, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to their being detained for the Supply of Foreign Manufactures; and that Goat's Hair, or Turkey Goat’s Wool, is an Article much used in the said Manufactory, and pays a Duty of about Six Pence per Pound on Importation, though Foreigners, as also the Irish, who buy at the same Market as the English, do receive it, as the Petitioners believe, free of Duty, and as there is a Drawback on its being exported of Four Pence per Pound, our Rivals can have it cheaper even from this Kingdom than the British Manufacturer; and that, owing to the superior Excellence of British Hare Wool and Coney Wool, considerable Quantities have lately been exported to France, Flanders, and even America, notwithstanding the trifling Duties payable on their Exportation, which has oceafioned so great a Scarcity in those necessary Articles, that the Petitioners believe there is uot at this Time a sufficient Quantity in the Kingdom, even at the present -high Price, for the Supply of their own Manufactory; and that if the Practice of exporting to Foreign Countries Hare Wool and Coney Wool, the Produce of this Kingdom, is not by feme Means prevented, the British Hat Manufactory will be rendered of little Consequence, and many Families thereby left unprovided for; and that the Petitioners conceive, the only Methods of remedying those Mischiefs, and preserving the said Manufactory, would be, by laying an additional Duty on the Exportation of Hare Skins and Hare Wool, and Coney Skins and Coney Hare or Wool, from this Kingdom, or by prohibiting the Exportation thereof, and by allowing the Importation of Goafs Hair, or Goat’s Wool, Duty free: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House Audi teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. JVatson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Paymasters of the Poor of the Rr.v’r-vd Parish of Bradford, in the County of fflits, was pre- O\r.unof fented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That tlje I>uo‘* the said Parish is large and populous, and the Poor therein exceeding numerous, and although it is divided into Six Hamlets or Tythings, in each of which there is a Church or Chapel, yet with respect to the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor is considered as One Parish, and governed by Four Over-fcers only; and that the Overseers Annually choien, being People in a large Way of Business, generally execute the Office by interested Deputies, by which Means the Money granted for the Relief of the Poor is much misapplied, and the Rates are Annually increasing, to the great Detriment of the Landholders

Lrvi'g

C

KoaU*

Braiide'i

I>\ fnim

lacluuie.

Birnftnjjle

lio*ul*.

Tartyr Laclulure*

24 Geo. III.

190 Februarii.

937

and Paymasters of the said Parish, which it is apprehended might in a great Degree be altered, if Power was given to appoint a lit and proper Person as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of looking alter the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Petitioners to elc6t an additional OverlctT for the Purpose of looking after, and taking proper Care of, the Poor of the said Parish, under proper Regulations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mutter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

fkc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the (dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Barnard La Protestant, now refilling in the Tow n of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Naturalization of himself and the Blue of his Body.

Ordered, That Jxavc be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddockeand Mr. lYinclicombe Hartley do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. JYyndhampresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre-lint Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Iload from " Gotham, in the County of Southampton, to the City " of Chichester:" And the same was received; and read the I irl't Time.

Nisvlied, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Augustus Everard Braude, was read the Third 'Lime.

I\e\olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Everard Braude.

Ordered, That Mr. 11 indteombe do carry the

Bill to the lairds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chau for presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of and Parish of // cushy, in the North Riding of the County of York: AnJ the fume was received; and read the Licit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mons, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them respectively, according to their Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows,

Puftures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochinand Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Grant to Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Baroness of referred to consider of the Petition of Caroline, Ba- reenwlc ronei’s of Greenwich, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration: And that Mr.

Ord and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Warrants of Copies of the last Warrants for the Commitment of any Commitment Person to The Tower and to Newgate, by the Authority to owe,»&c-of either House of Parliament; and also, a Copy of the last Warrant for the Execution of any Prisoner confined in The Tower.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of An Account the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of wi&drawn. Excile, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from 5th 1782 to the 5th July 1783, being as far as the same can be made up, and Specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper) together with the Totals of the Amount, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of December last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the prelecting a perfect Account instead thereof.

Mr. llolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His pre-font Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the 'l ow n of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the l’iift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons intercl’ted in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pali ures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tug by, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons interfiled therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com-

Yol. SO.

The House being informed that Mr. Hooker, from Excise, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of all Articles charged with a Duty of Excise, which have paid more than One thousand Pounds per Annum to that Revenue, with the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from the 5th July 1782 to the 5th J 1783, being as far as the same can be made up, and specifying the Rate of Excise Duty on each Article (except the Rate of Excise Duty on Hides and Paper) together with the Totals of the Amount.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

11 E.

Mothvey

Uoads.

Poynt*'* C ompen* fa lion.

938 190 Februarit 1784.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Johnespresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone in the Parish of to

Tavern Spile, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within, the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Poy, Esquire, Inspector of Prosecutions in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, being offered to be presented to the House:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition, was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the Second, by his Royal Patent, dated 20th, 1741, granted to the Right honourable Stephen Poyntz, in consideration of his long and approved Services in high and confidential Employments, the Office of Inspector of the Prosecutions in his Court of Exchequer, and continued the same to the Petitioner, which Patent His present Majesty renewed and confirmed on His Accession to the Crown; and that, by the Terms of the said Patent, the Petitioner is entitled to hold the said Office, by himself or sufficient Deputy or Deputies, with the Fees, Allowances, Profits, and Advantages thereunto belonging, in as full and ample a Manner as the same were held and received by the said Stephen Poyntz, or any former Inspector of Profc-cutions; and that the Emoluments derived to the Possessors of the said Office, from its first Establitfi-inent, have been an Allowance of One Shilling in the Pound on His Majesty’s Share of the Money paid into the Exchequer for prohibited and uncustomed Goods; and that, by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is directed, that One Moiety of the Net Produce arising by the Sale of all Seizures (after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole) should be paid into the Exchequer, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share thereof, but, by a Clause in an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is directed, that instead of One Moiety of the Net Produce arising by the Sale of all such Seizures (after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole) being paid into the Exchequer, in lieu of llis Majesty’s Share thereof, the Commissioners of the Customs arc authorized, where they shall judge necessary, to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation and Sale, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Charges of Management, to be paid out of His Majesty’s Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of all Goods which have been, or may be, seized and condemned, in like Manner as may be done out of any other Branch of the Revenue of the Customs which is by I,aw applicable to the Payment of Incidents; and that the said Clause, which so materially assists the Petitioners Interest, was inserted in the Act without uny Notice thereof having been given either to him or his Deputy; and, from the Title of the said Act, the Petitioner had no Rcalbn to apprehend that any such Clause was contained therein, and consequently had not then an Opportunity of submitting hb same oj.

to the Consideration of Parliament; and that the Commissioners of the Customs, by virtue of the difere-tionary Power given to them by the said Act, having judged it necessary to order all Manner of Law Bills, Purchase, Hire, and Equipment of Cruisers in the Service of the Revenue, and various other Charges of Management, to a very considerable Amount (which were formerly paid by Incidents) to be paid out of the Produce of Seizures, there has already been a great Decrrease of the Money paid into the Exchequer on this Account, and His Majesty’s Share of the Produce of the Seizures may in Time be l’till further reduced by being charged with a still larger Proportion of the Expences of such Management; and that the Petitioner has already suffered a very great Diminution of his Income, in consequence of Regulations made by the Commissioners of the Customs, and he has great Reason to apprehend, that his Income will continue to decrease, and that he may in the End be entirely deprived of his just Rights granted to him by the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner having faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office, and conceiving his Title to the Profits of it to be faered, and having made all his Arrangements in the certain

O o

Hope and Expectation that he should have been permitted to enjoy those Profits, in their full Extent, for the Remainder of his Life, he cannot, at this Period of it, and with a numerous Family, but severely feci lb considerable and unexpected a Diminution of his Income; but, if the House should be of Opinion that the abolishing the said Office of Inspector of Prosecutions would be for the Benefit of the Public, the Petitioner is willing, w'ith His Majesty’s Permission, to surrender up his Patent, trusting to the Justice and Equity of Parliament that an adequate Compensation will be made to him for the fame: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House flia.ll appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and of Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl , and the humble Petition of the Honourable Algernon commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 27th Day of March, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did demile, grant, and to farm let, unto James Duke of deceased, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground called The Wharf and Dock and Old Carpenters Yard, situate in North Scotland Yard, within the Precinct of 11 is Majesty’s Palace of Whitehall, in the County of Middlesex, abutting upon the late Duke of Somerset's Garden, to the North-East, and containing such Dimensions as in the said Letters Patent are particularly described, and also, all that Messuage or Tenement, and all those Rooms, Lodgings, Buildings, Edifices, Ground, and other Conveniences, then late in the Possession of Sir Stephen Fox, Knight, within the Precinct of His Majesty’s said Palace of Whitehall, in the said County of Middlesex, and all that little Garden lying contiguous thereunto, and near the Wood Yard there, and all that Ground then lately used for a public Passage not only to and from the said Messuage or

Tenement*

Duke of

Northumberland’* Limit*

24 Geo. III. i cf Februariu939

Tenement, but also between Scotland Yard and the Wood Yard Watergate, and the Rooms, or Place, called The Old Bakehouse, situate under Part of the Rooms then late in the Possession of the said Sir Stephen For, which said Mcfi'uage or Tenement, and Premises last mentioned, abut and contain such Di-nicnlions as in the same Letters Patent are also particularly described, and also, a Stable and Coachhouse, situate near the Guardhouse in the Palace of Whitehall a fort laid, and the Passage l>etween the said Bakchouse, Watergate, and Scotland Yard, and the Passage behind the said Guardhouse leading to the Granary J-odging, and also, another Passage under the said Guard Koom, and leading from Scotland Yard to the afort laid Premises, to hold all and Angular the before-mentioned Premises (except as therein excepted) to the said Janus Duke of C'ha his Executors, Ad-tuinistrators, and Assigns, from the Date of the said Letters Patent, for the Term of Fifty Years, at and under the Yearly Rent of 13/. 6s. 8 as therein mentioned and reserved; and that the said Wharf and Doek Yard, and all and Angular other the Premises granted by the said Letters Patent, have become, and now are, by virtue of a proper Assignment, vested in the Petitioner, the said Duke, his Executors, Admi-nilirators, and Assigns, for the RcAdue of the said Term of Fifty Years, subject to the Rents and Covenants in the same Letters Patent reserved and contained; and that his said lute Majesty, by other Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2i)th Day of,

in the Thirtieth Year of his Reign, did demise unto the Petitioner, then Earl of Northumberland, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, fltuate within or near North Scotland Yard, within the Precinct of the Palace of IThitcinill aforesaid, heretofore in the Tenure of the Hoard of Works, abutting and containing such Di-menflons as in the said last mentioned Letters Patent re particularly described, to bold the said lati-mentioned Premills with the Appurtenances, unto the said Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Thirty-one Years from the Date of the same Letters Patent, at the Yearly Rent of it>/. 13 s.4 d.payable as therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner, the said Duke, is Tenant for Life of the Manor of Tinmouth, in the County of Northumberland, and of divers Lands, Tenements, and flere-dit iments, thereunto belonging; and also, of the capital Mtliiiage, or Manlion House, called Northumberland Home, and of divers other Messuages or Tenements, and Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Erections, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the City and Liberty o( H eshnimter, and County of with Remuimler to the said Hugh Earl Percy (eldest Son of the said Duke) for his Life, with Remainder to the Fit ft and other Sons of the said Hugh Earl Percy, fncccflively in Tail Male, with Remainder to Lord Algernon Percy (Second Son of the said Duke) for his Lilt-, with Remainder to the Fill! and other Sons of the Lid Lord Algernon Percy, fucceHively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Fill! and other Daughters of the said Hugh Fail Percy, successively in Tail, with Remainder to the I- irlt and other Daughters of the said Lord Algernon Percy, lijcccffively in 'Fail, with divers Remainders over; and that the Petitioner, the said Duke of Northumberland, now hath, in himself, a Power to convey any of the Duals and Tenements, Atuate within the said Manor of Tim.oath, in lieu of, or in Exchange for, any other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, of equal or greater Value, within the same Manor, so as the Lands to be taken in Exchange by the said Duke, be conveyed to the same I lls as the I^uids and Tenements which mav, in like Manner, be given in Exchange by the 4aid Duke, thail, ut the Time of such Exchange, stand limited; and that the Premises comprized ^in the said Letters Patent lie contiguous to, and intermixed with, Vox. uy.

the said capital and other Messuages, Ground, Erections, and Buildings, in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and that there have (by the Permission of the Petitioner, the said Duke) been erected and built, on Lands, within the said Manor of Tinmouth, certain Buildings or Barracks for the Use and Accommodation of His Majesty’s Forces, and the same are now held at 4he Will of the said Duke, with certain Ground contiguous thereto, and which, together with the Ground on which the said Barracks are built, contains Seven Acres and Nineteen Perches, or thereabouts; and that, the Use of the said Barracks being deemed of considerable Advantage to the Army, and their Continuation of great Importance to Government, and as the said Pre-miles comprized in the said Grants adjoin to the Petitioner’s said ManAon House, and would open and enlarge the View and Communication from thence to the River Thames, the Petitioners are willing, and have contented and agreed, so far as in them lie, to accept and take the Inheritance of the said Premises, comprized in the said Letters Patent, in Exchange for the Inheritance of the said Barracks, and of the Ground now held and enjoyed therewith (reserving to the Petitioners, and the several Persons claiming in Remainder the said Manor of Tinmouth, all Coal and other Mines lying within and under the said Seven Acres and Nineteen Perches of Ground, and full Power to win and work the fame); and the Petitioner, the said Duke, hath made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant the Fee Simple and Inheritance of all and every the Premises comprized in the said Letters Patent, in Exchange for the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of the said Barracks, and of the Grounds held therewith (except and reserving such Mines as aforesaid, and Power of winning and working the fame) or for such further or other Compensation as shall be adjudged to be a full and valuable Consideration for the lame; and that the Power now vested in the Petitioner, the said Duke, for exchanging the Lands and Tenements within the said Manor of Tinmouth, doth not (as the Petitioner hath been advised) extend To far as to enable him to exchange the said Barracks, and the Ground held therewith, for the said Premises comprized in the said Letters Patent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of all and every the Premises comprized in the said Letters Patent or Grants, in Exchange for the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of the said Barracks, and the said Ground now held therewith (excepting and reserving such Mines as aforesaid, and Power to win and work the fame) or for such further or other Compensation as shall, by the proper Officers of the Crown, be adjudged a full and valuable Consideration for the lame; and also to enable the Petitioner, the said Duke, to grant unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of the said Barracks, and the said Ground now held therewith (except as aforesaid); and that the said. Premises, corn-prized in the said respective Grants may be limited to l’uch Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Manor of linmouth, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, do now stand limited and settled, or to such other Uses, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, as to the House shall feetn meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Commitee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition,

A Petition

Duke of Nonhumbejs laud's Eftafcr

Pl.Ue 01 ,fs Munuliiciuu:.

94°

190 Februarii.

A \ 1784.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of British force the said Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Call PJatc Glass Manufacturers, being offered to be His present Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Company’s presented to the House; Capital Stock, and to tjive such further Relief, in regard

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s to the Payment of Duties as may repair the Loll'es Command, acquainted the Iloule, That His Majesty, already sustained by tho Company, and prevent the like having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- in future, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall

tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That from their first lnltitution, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors,

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie' upon the Table.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Weekcs Dalbxj, Dallas of Chippenham, in the County of WClerk, Executor Lofo* by the of Edu ard Downes, who was Executor of Charles Weekcs, slllP

with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing late of London, Merchant, deceased, being offered to be

" One or more dials Manufactories within the Kingdeni of Great Britain, and for the effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for " the rafting of large Plate dials," they have with unremitting Attention endeavoured to forward a Work which Parliament, by its Sanction, meant to countenance as an Objtft of Public and National Concern, the Result has been a real Performance of what was held up as a Plea to warrant the Privileges granted by Parliament to the said Company, who have brought the Manufactory to such a Degree of Perfection as

presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That Charles I Tec l,cs, of London, Merchant, deceased, being Owner of the Ship Hope, Burthen 133 Tons, or thereabouts, and the being in 1743 Outward-bound to bring Home a Loading of Sugar from Nevis to London, w as, about the lft of December

already to l’taud forth a Rival, and to become an Object 1743* let by Charter Party to the Commissioners for of Envy, to the French Nation in that Branch of Ala- Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, to carry Victualling nufacture, which in Trance has been upheld for more Stores to Gibraltar or Port Mahon, the failing Pait than a Century by peculiar Indulgences of Monopoly whereof the performed from The Dozens to Gibraltar in the Trade, and total Exemption from Duties; and in Nineteen Days, and from The Dozens to Port Mahon representing to the House, that ttje Petitioners have in Forty Days; and that the said Ship, although hired

expended in the Progress of their Works upwards of 100,000l. without receiving the smalleti Dividend, owing to a Variety of Circumstances to which an Infant Manufactory upon an entire new Plan must na

only for such Voyage, was nevertheless uled as if flic had been hired as a Monthly Transport, for more than Twelve Months together, in the Course of which Time the received considerable Damages, and her Ilomeward-

turally be liable, and, nmongst other Hardships, they bound Voyage was totally defeated, whereby a much have found the Duties payable to Government very greater Loss and Injury accrued than her Hire, upon opprcfiive, from the Mode in which they are collected, the Terms and Conditions then paid by Government for

and the peculiar Manner in which Glal's is made by Calling, differing much from all other British Manufactories, wherein the Glass is made by Blowing, and on which the Duties fall much lighter, although the Quantum of the Duty charged by Law on the Materials is the fame, ami this appears to be owing to a Waite of Metal through the whole Process of the Calling Work exceeding in Quantity more than double the Wal'tc of the Blowing Work, whereas the Allowance made for Waste is equal to both Manufactories, being One Fourth Part of the whole Quantity of clean Metal in the Put, and therefore it compensates for the Lof* by Waste in a Manner much more advantageous

such Service, would have amounted to, but neither the said Charles Weekcs in his Life Time, or Edward Downes his Executor, or the Petitioner, have been able to obtain any Satisfaction whatever, either upon the known Terms and Conditions under which Ships were then hired l>y Government to be used at their Will and Pleasure, or upon the Ground of the Special Damages occasioned By the several Breaches of the Charter Party; and that the Government, in the War which began in 1739, had Two Methods of hiring Ships, viz. one for Traufports, to be ul'cd at their Will and Pleasure, so long as the Service required, which were generally paid about 15 or it) s.a Ton per Month, taken into immediate Pay, and

to the Blowing than it does to the Casting Glass Manu- so continued till a Convoy failed with them from the fastory, and the Petitioners can prove that they have Place where they were discharged Abroad, and after-paid Duty upon an extra Wal'tc of Metal, not known wards for such reasonable Time as was usually allowed in the Blowing Glass Manufactories, to the Amount of either to proceed or return to their intended Ports, and if

6,000 I. and upwards; and that, from l'ome Error in the Mode of gauging the Pots, the Petitioners have actually paid Duty for more Glass Metal than was ever melted by them to the Amount of 2,000 /. and upwards, making 411 the Whole a Smn of 8,000 /. and upwards, which, they apprehend, has been a Charge upon their Manufactory beyond the equitable Intention of the Law, and is a singular Excel’s beyond the

taken or destroyed by the Enemy during such Service, then to be paid for by Government; the other Method of hiring Ships by Government was, under certain Restrictions for particular Voyages, upon much cheaper Terms than the other, because the Owners of Ships bound to Foreign Parts, in order to bring Cargoes to Europe (as the Homeward-bound Freight was the

chief Object) coutrafted with Government to carry Stores to Places near their Outward-bound Course, for

Duties collected upon all other Plate Glufs Manufactories in this Kingdom; and that, from such heavy very inlignificant Freights and Demurrages, in Pro-Burthens upon the Produce of the Manufactory, they portion to the true Value of the Use and Hire of the Ships find themfeKes unable to continue their Endeavours for any Length of Time; and that, by the First Rule,

to support it without some Relief ilia.ll be given by Parliament, ns there appears to be a considerable Annual Loss, upon an Average Balance tinted for some Years palt, which mult loon del troy the Company, uultfs by such Relief their Income can be increased: And therefore praying, '1’hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and further cn-

the Money due in respect to the said Ship amounted to 1,742/. 7 s.together with the Interest thereof, from the 15th of November 174.), Old Stile, to the present Time; and by the Second Rule, the Money due under the Charter Party, and the Special Damages occasioned by the Breaches thereof, are proved in the Court of Exchequer to amount to 2,034/. <3s. 0

besides

24 Geo. III. I tffebruarii* 94

I*'fuli-s Interest, whereas the Commissioners of Victualling l>y their Calculations, grounded upon the Principle that (iovernment had not broke their Charter Party for the said Ship, amounted to no more than 1,307/. 13.V. id. Ivelidcs Interest; and that, in February 177, it was deemed by the Board of Treasury as a certain and established Principle of Justice, that Ships hiretl for particular Voyages could not be used, in Breach of Inch their Charter Parties, without heir,g answerable for all Damages incurred thereby, and which Principle was admitted by the Attorney General as not controvertible; and that the Verdict and Determination of the Court of King's Bench, in the same of the Ship Frederick, which is stated in the Journals of the House, affords the clcareft Demonstration imaginable that Government had broke their Charter Party in rel'pest to the said Ship , and therefore, in Confoimity with the Sentiments of the Board of Treasury, and the Opinion of the Attorney General in Fc'iruaty 1767, it appears, that the Commissioners for Victualling had no legal Principle whereon to support their Calculations; and that the said Charles II irks and Edward Dem, and the Petitioner, have fucccllively fought Kctlrcfs on Account of the said Ship Jhpe ever lincc the Year 1744, and expended very considerable Sums of Money for that Purpose without KtVcft; and that, by a Proportion dated the 18th of August 17(17, the Lords of the Treasury offend, for the Damages sustained on Account of the Lid Ship 1,801/. 13$. 8 for Principal and Inte-rclt, whereas the Sum then jnftly due on Account of the said Ship amounted, for Principal and Interest, to 4.244/. Ms. ^d. betides Costs and Charges; but, as to Costs and Charges, their Lord ships declared they had no Objection to the Petitioner going back to the Court of Exchequer, with respect to the Colts of the Suit-, both nt Law and in Equity, relative to the said Ship; mid that the Petitioner hopes the House will take into Consideration the Justice of his Claims on Account of the said Ship, firmly fruiting that they will not futier public Neccility or Convenience to wrest the Property of Individuals, without awarding an Equivalent in the room thereof: And thereof praying, That the Premisea may be taken into serious Consideration, and that the House will grant such complete and effectual Redress to the Petitioner, as the Nature of hb same may require.

Ordaxd, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Tabic.

£77"^ A Petition of Thomas , Agent for John -»c r.»u. danl am| Mayer, Two of the Sureties for Francis Di eon, Esquire, deceased, the late Receiver General for the County of Cawas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner; rot bring apprized of the Standing Order of the i.'Jth of March 171.5, relating to Petitions for compounding Debts to the Crown, is at present unable to comply with the Uequisitions thereof, having the Petition of the said Sureties, but not the requisite Certificates: And therefore praying, That further Time may be given for presenting the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Iu7u°n A Petition of John Gentleman, and others,

n uture' whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Tenements, Frontsteads, and Lands, and otherwise intrrested in the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Wafie Grounds, within the Township of Lock ton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Tounship, divers Arable Fields, Common®, and Wafie Grounds, containing Two thou land Acres or thereabouts, which, iu their present State, Vo t.39.

yield very little Profit to the several Persons interested therein, in Comparison of what the same might do, if they were divided and inclosed, discharged from the future Payment of Tythes: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House Avail judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fo/jambe and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House State of the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Natloll> to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Chapelry of Hanley, in the Parish of Stoke upon ChaPel> &c* Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in or about the Year 1738, John Bourne, of Lyme, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, erected and endowed, at his own Expence, a small Chapel at Hanley aforesaid, which, together with a Burial Ground thereto adjoining, was duly consecrated, and made Use of by the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry, and the Reverend John Middleton, the present Incumbent, was, by the said Mr. Bourne, with the Consent of the RcCtor of the said Pariflv, who was also Patron of the Church there, and the Consent and Approbation of the Dio-ccfan, presented to the said Chapel, and has ever since officiated as Curate thereof; and that the said Chapel being now gone greatly to Decay, and being too small, and wholly insufficient to contain the Number of Persons who have of late Years relorted thereto, owing to the great Increase of Inhabitants within the said Chapelry and its Neighbourhood, which is situated in the Midst of the Staffordshire Potteries, the Petitioners and others are desirous that a new Chapel, on a larger Plan, should be erected in a more commodious Situa^ tion within the said Chapelry, and a more extensive Burial Ground be provided for the Use of die Inhabitants of the said Chapelry: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purpose?, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Orders, and Ileltrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the livid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John the Lord

Lacisham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pevlons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Longlands, Agent for Mdfieurs Importation Allan and Sleuart, Craig and Anderson, Charles and °* Lorn> & Robert Fall, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That they imported large Quantities of Corn for the Relief of Scotland in the Scarcity occasioned by the Failure of the Crop of 1782, and risqued very large Sums in supplying the Wants of its distressed Inhabitants; and that several Cargoes of Corn were commissioned from The Baltic, and, in order to have entitled them to the Benefit of entering the same on Payment of the low Duties only upon such Corn, the same should have arrived before the 25th of Septembei', when the Ports were lhut, but the Ships were detained beyond that Time by stormy

11 G Weather

942 190 — 20® Fe. 1784.

Weather and contrary Winds; and that, in Consideration of tiic particular Circumstances of the Cafe, the Lords of the Treasury authorized the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland to admit the above Vessels to an Entry on Payment of the Low Duties, upon Bond being given for Payment of the high Duties; and that the said Mcflieurs Allan and and

others, living in Scotland, could not apply to the house, to have the Bonds entered into by them cancelled and discharged, within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills: And therefore praying. That the said Meflicurs Allan and Steuart, and others, may be at Liberty to present their Petition to the House for Relief in the Premises, after the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tuble.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III'" Regis, 1784.

P It A V F. K S.

Warrants of 'T'UE House being informed that Mr. Gore, De-(’oiumit- X puty Lieutenant of the Tower of London, at-Tower*C"to tcn^et^ at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the house, pursuant to their Order, A Copy of the last Warrant of Commitment of any Person confined in The by the Authority of

either House of Parliament: And also,

A Copy of the last Warrant for the Execution of any Person confined in The Toner.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Warrant of T1 ie House being informed that Mr. Aka~man, Keeper Comma- Gf Newgate, attended at the Door; he was called in;

New-ale* and, at ^ar» presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Commitment of Thomas " and Thomas Butler to by the Honourable

" the Speaker of the House of Commons."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Paper was read.

Ordered That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Scltion.

Governor* of The House being informed that Mr. Stephenson, I. of Jt ri. y Deputy Clerk in the Petty Bag Office, attended at the and \\ i.lit. p)oor . |ie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Copy of the letters Patent appointing the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conxray, Governor of the Island ot Jersey: And also,

A Copy of the Commission appointing the Duke of Bolton Governor of the Isle of ffight.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Gray, Agent Governor* >} to General Fawcett, attended at the Door; he was Tilbury and called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ^nloullu pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, of the Governor of Tilbury Fort and Gravesend: And also,

An Account of the Salary, &c. of the Governor of Plymouth.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of the Ilouie.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Watson presented to the House, according to Manufacture Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits of Co,duoe-and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Conway presented to the House, pursuant to Governor of their Order, Jersey.

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " House, dated the 18th of February 1784, for an " Account of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisites of the " Governor of Jersey."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Salford, &. c. Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Road' Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington,

Bolton and Wigan, and to certain Places called ThcBroad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also, for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in to

Darcson Lane End, and from Agecroft Bridge to Singleton Brook, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Borough-Acts made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years bndlie Roj<1' of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to in the fame

County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees, was read a Second Time.

Itesolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. for, Mr. Duncombe, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Hinckley, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers 4c-ltoa<1, of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End; and from or near the Guide Post at Towns End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton,

Fdinl>urch I^Lure Hoads.

Hare Skin*, imported, At

C.rant to lU.imrf* of Greenwich.

Addref^ f«»r forming AdimuiUra* Goth

24 Geo. III. ao° Februarii-

943

amjiton, was committal; That the Committee had txamiticd the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fune to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Dill, and made li veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Houl'c.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrollld.

A Bill for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Ronds in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the Distrfet of Farxade a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security or the said Trustees, and for further repairing the Roads within the said District, was read a Second Time.

Readied, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Dundee, the Lord Mutt land, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hare Skins imported from the Year 174J to the Year 1763, both inclusive, and from the Year 1 "04 to the Year 1783, both inclusive; and also, an Account of the Total Amount of Duties received on the Importation of Ordinary Goats Hair, or Goats Wool, for the same Periods.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Band iu or near the Paridi of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline, Baroness of (Ircc/ncii. h, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration: And the same was received} and read the l it ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Address which upon the l -lh Day of Novemberlaft, was agreed to by this IIoulh, to be presented to Ills Majesty, in Answer to His Majesty» Most Gracious Speech at the Opening of the present Session of Parliament, might Le read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 24th Day of December last, was reported from the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectuul Methods of preventing the lame, and to report the fume, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, and which, upon the itlh Day of this Instant February, was agreed to by the House might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the unanimous Resolution of the lloufe, of the 2d Day of this Instant Etbnairy, declaring their Opinion, " That the

" p re lent arduous and critical Situation of Public u AlTuirs requires the Exertions of a firm, efficient, u extended, united Administration, entitled to the " Confidence of the People, and Inch as may have

a Tendency to put an End to the unfortunate Di-

Yot.

" visions and Distractions of this Country," and which upon the 3d Day of this Instant February, was directed to be laid before His Majesty, might be read.

And the fame‘being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House, impressed with the most dutiful Sense of His Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, relies on His Majesty’s Royal Wisdom, that He will take such Measures as may tend to give Effect to the Willies of His Faithful Commons, which have already been most humbly represented to His Majesty;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Word " as," tho Words " by removing any Obstacle to the Formation " of such an Administration as this House has declared " to be requisite in the present critical and arduous " Situation of Public Affairs."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That this House, impressed with the most dutiful Sense of His Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, relies on His Majesty‘s Royal Wisdom, that He will take such Measures as, by removing any Obstacle to the Formation of such an Adminstration as this House has declared to be requisite in the present critical and arduous Situation of Public Affairs, may tend to give Effect to the Withes of His Faithful Commons, which have already been most humbly represented to His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, }>»7-

Teilcr, for the NoeS,{^^«War,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then Two Members, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Fox, both riling in their Places to speak, Mr. Speaker called upon Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer as being first in his Eye; but several Members calling upon Mr. Fox to speak,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Fox do now speak.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And Mr. Fox spoke.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to repreliJnt to His Majesty, That this House, impressed with the most dutiful Sense of His Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, relics on His Majesty’s Royal Wisdom, that He will take such Measures as, by removing any Obstacle to the Formation of such an Administration as this House has declared to lie requisite in the present critical and arduous Situation of Public Affairs, may tend to give Effect to the Wilhes of His Faithful Commons, which have already been most humbly represented to His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Toller, for he Yea,{* JgJ J*"* }. 77-

Teller, for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He will be attended by this House,

Mr,

S"p?iy»

Heccipt

Duty.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

F.icke $, &c. Nat.

Hinckley,&c*

944 20° — 230

Mr. Orel, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eleven thousand Six hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Pour Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The fuid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an " AS, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging " a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, xt Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demandand for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promiftbry " and other Notes; and also. Stamp Duties on " Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not damped according to Law, was committed, be received, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Five of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 23° die Febrtiarii;

Anflo 24* Georgii IIItu Regis, 17S4.

Prayers.

D ETLEV Bonaventura and John Henry

Hecker, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle 02

Februarii. A. 1784.

Street, at the End of the Town of Hind ley, to Lutterworth Towns End-, and from or near the Guide Post at JValcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Wl-'idd, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of 1 Finchley, to End, and from or near the Guide Post at I Talent Town's End, in the County of to the Eighty

Mile Stone in Wei fordField, in the County of thampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilungerfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of and Parish of

ffensley, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chay-for, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Foljambe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Savi/e, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. This t let Imayte reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants or Owners of Estates within the Isle of in Behalf

of themselves and all others in like Situations, and also of the Public in general, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Conduct of the Martel's and Owners of Vessels and Boats kept within the Isle of Wight, and usually employed in carrying Passengers and Goods for Hire from the different Places of Passage in the said 111 and to Southampton, Zjlining ton, Portsmouth, Gosport, and other Places on the Coast, in the County of Southampton, and returning from thence to the said Island, in demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Passage of Persons, and the Carriage of Goods, has been long a Subject of Complaint, and of great Inconvenience and Prejudice to Persons reflating to, or coming from, or having any Communication with or Dealings in, the said Island; and that he has in his own Person experienced most of the said Inconveniences.

That the Boatmen being at Liberty to refuse to take Goods and Passengers, is allb a great Inconvenience to the Public, as it subject.3 Persons and Goods to such Prices and Terms as the Boatmen think proper to prescribe, and which Prices and Terms have been frequently varied by them.

That the Laws now in being do not extend to the

Carriage

I.o y bourn Inc lulu re.

r.umley's

Name.

Carriage to and from tb<? ]Ue of

Barnstaple

Kuais*

Cofljam

KcKld.

Krwhavfn

Oiri*t

Chon*'*, in

Poor, \c.

24 Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 945

Carriage of Goods by Water; and that he apprehends Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Com- Pawnbrokers,

if furli Matters, Owners, and lioutmen were put under mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, proper Regulations, and the Prices and l ares for Goods " hole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of and Pafl’cngers ascertained and fixed, the same would be themselves and others. Pawnbrokers within the Cities of a gn at Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Island, London and and the Bills of Mortality was and to the Public. referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter

Ordered, That Leave l»e given to bring in a Bill for of the laid Petition; and had directed him to report the settling the Rates for the Carriage of Passengers and fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of Wight:And the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in that Mr. 7 histlethuayteand Mr. Jcrvuise do prepare, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

and bring in, the lume. as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an A Till for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his larging the Powers, of an Act of the Third Year of the late Majesty King George the Second, for the more Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by Town of Par ns tuple, in the County of Devon, was read false or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful

a Second Time. pawning of Goods, for the ealy Redemption of Goods

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolk, pawned, and for other Purposes, was read; by which Mr. Roller, *c.: And they are to meet this Af- certain Regulations were established for conducting the

ternoon, ut l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Business of a Pawnbroker; but the said Act does not Chamber. limit or ascertain the Amount of Charges for Warehouse

Room to be paid to the Pawnbroker: — Then,

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Mr. William , a Pawnbroker, being examined, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His said, That since the passing of the said Act such Sums prcli nt Maj< tty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and of Money have been taken by Pawnbrokers, for the " widening* the Road from Cosham, in the County of Warehouse Room of Goods pledged, as have been u Southampton, to the City of Chichester,"was read a thought reasonable and necessary for the Maintenance of Stroud Time. themselves and Families; but that several Actions have

Rim dud, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Wynd-been brought against them, for refusing Money to release hum, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Pawns, which they conceived was not sufficient; and in this Altcmoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speakers which Actions the Plaintiffs have- recovered against the Chamber. Pawnbrokers, upon the Ground that such Tenders

were sufficient. — And he added, That the Trade cannot A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at be carried on upon such inadequate Tenders, and low Kru h/ncn, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Terms.

'i ime. And the Witness further said. That the Act is de-

RistJxed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas festive in other Respects, particularly the Clause Pelham, Mr. Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet this which obliges the Pawnbroker to keep Goods unre-Aihmoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s deemed for Two Years before a Sale can be had, by Chamber. which Means Woollen and other perishable Goods are liable to be Moth-eaten and damaged, and other A Petition of several of the Vestrvmen of the Parish Goods of small Value will not redeem themselves. — of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, was pre- That, as the Act now stands, Persons bringing Goods tinted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a to pawn are not compellable to take a Duplicate from

Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill for the Pawnbroker; and that great Losses frequently

providing a Worklioule within the said Parish, for the happen by the losing of Duplicates, as the Pawn-Purpose of maintaining and employing their Poor; and broker usually delivers the Goods to Persons who that it would l>c ulefultothe said Parish, to have the ap- produce the Duplicates, though they are liable to an pointing Ovcifcers, of the Poor altered from the present Action from the real Pledger, if, by the Duplicate’s Method, and some further Regulations made with respect being loft, the Goods should be delivered to a to them, and to the Churchwardens of the said Parish: Stranger.

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in Mr. Robert Careless, a Pawnbroker, being examined, the 1!ill prayed lor by the said Petition for the Purposes confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and added, That aloref.ud. it would be of Benefit to the Pawnbrokers, as well as to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Public, if all Persons following that Business were

Considerntion of the Committee, to w hom the Pe- obliged to take out a Licence.

tition of John Gant and llenry Nelson, Churchwardens Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Mid-explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made diest x, and of several of the Overseers of the Poor, in the Thirtieth Year, of the Reign of his late Majesty and Trustees ami Vestrymen, for putting in Execu- King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the lion an Act of Parliament, pafl’cd in the Twenty-sixth " more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall at-Ytar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " tain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners " Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or erect a Work- " the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the ealy Re-house for the employing and maintaining the Poor of " demption of Goods pawned; and for preventing the said l’ai ith, and for the more efi'eftual Support " Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, and Employment of the Poor therein; and also, for " Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same re-putting in Execution One other Act of Parliament, latcs to Pawnbrokers: And that Mr. Alderman Neum-

imule in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, ham, Mr. Byng, and Sir Wray, do prepare, and

to amend the said first-mentioned Act, is referred; bring in, the fame,

and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition,

and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the A' Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mothvey

House. and Freeholders of the County of Carmarthen, was Road*.

Vo l. 39. 11 H presented

Mothvey

Ko.ids.

King appoints to aiunded.

2 30 Februarii. 17 84.

presented to the House, anil read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, from the Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairin'*, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of through Llandovery, to Llidiad y in the Parish of Llandilof’mcr, and from thence by and

over Duless Bridge, to the Town of and from the said Town along the Poll Road by dar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spile, in the Parish of Kijjig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; and also, from several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the said County of Carmarthen, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending and keeping in Repair other Roads therein particularly mentioned; and Alleging, that the Road leading from the Town of Llandovery, through Vdindre, by Yinis y towards

and from thence through the Parishes of and Mothvey, to the Confines of the County of marthen, in Cum y Dwr, and the Road from the Village of Tal/ysarn, in the Parish of by Trallom Melin, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llangadock, to Bridge, all

in the County of Carmarthen, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and in some Places impassable for Carriages, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law j and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishe3 lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all Persons having Occasion to travel between Llandilo and castle, and between Llandovery and Trccavtle, and of public Utility, if the said Roads were amended, and made safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed by virtue of the Act prayed for by the said Petition: And therefore praying, That the said Roads lait-mentioned may be inserted in, and made Part of, the Act which shall be passed in Compliance with the said recited Petition, and that the same may be amended and kept in Repair in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone in the Parish of Motiveey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Pou ncy, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Friday last) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased

to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended upon Wednesday next, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duk* of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, h’^thuniber-to consider of the Petition of Hugh Duke of urn- dnd s tlule* berland, and of Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtors

Newgate, at Bristol, was presented to the House, and 1>lUUob‘ read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trou'ell, in the County of Nottingham, to the

Town of Nottingham, except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Brnmrot* Odtl House Road.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leimford Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Roacls-of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from LemsJ'ord Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot to in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Ni(bct’» dissolve the Marriage of Walter Nisbet, Esquire, with Dlvorce* Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* Children ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole bj, rn »broad, House, upon the Bill for declaring the Children of *

British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad.

The

24 Geo. III. 230 FebruariL 947

Govfrnnr <»f The House being informed that Mr. Morris, Secre-I’oniiiiouth. tary to the Earl ol PembrokGovernor of Portsmouth, intended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, piileuted to the iloufe, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, of the 18th of " February 1784, respecting the Salary, &;c. of the " Governor of Portsmouth."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to he peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Scfliun.

F.irkc’s, Ac. A Bill for naturalizing and

*'aL John Jh/iryHeeler, w as read a Second d ime.

Hi solv< (I. '1 hat the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ifinehrumbe Hartley, Mr. Fives, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Divon’s!)(-),t The House was moved, That the Petition of Tho-t« tlcCiuvwi. jmus Smith, Agent for John Goddard and John,

Two of the Sureties for Francis E lip tire, de-

seated, the late Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

On Am/, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present* a Petition from John Goddard and John Mayer, Two of the Sureties of Francis

Inquire, eltcealed.

Tinn a Petition, as well of John Goddard, of F.hn, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, one of the Sureties for Francis , late of in

the same County, Esquire, deceased, Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, the Town and Uni-ve rfily of Cambridge, and the Isle of the Rates

and Duties uj>on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited

Houses, and of the Land Tax, as also of Mn/er, of ffisbeach Saint Peters, in the same County, Gt title man, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Du mi, as Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax, together with a Cer-tiiicate thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented. to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, tint the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 20th Day of June 1766, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, together with Robert I Paisley, of H isbeach, Esquire, since deceased, the Petitioner

John Goddard, and One other Person, as Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, became bound to His present Majesty in the Sum of 6,000l. with a Condition for the said Francis Dixon's due and faithful Execution of his said lull-mentioned Oliice, and accounting for, ami paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received for llis Majesty’s Use, on Account of the said lait-mentioned Rates and Duties; and that, on the 14th Day of A1778, the said Francis Diion, then Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited lloulls, together with the Petitioners, and Vol. Sf).

Two other Persons, as Sureties for the said Francis! Dixon, became bound to His said Majesty in the Sum of 4,000 /. with a Condition for the said Francis Duron's due and faithful Execution of his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received, for His Majesty’s Use, on Account of the said last mentioned Rates and Duties; and that, on the ,<jth Day of August 1780, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Land Tax, together with the Petitioners, and Johnson Dixon, of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, (one of the Sons of the said Francis Dixon) as Sureties for him the said Francis Dixon, became bound to His said Majesty in the Sum of 16,000l. with a Condition for the said Francis Dixon’s due and faithful Execution of his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received, for His Majesty’s Use, on Account of the Land Tax for the Year 1780; and that the Petitioner John Goddard, from Motives of Friend-ship to, and Confidence in, the said Francis Dixon, did enter into the said several Bonds as one of his Sureties; and the Petitioner John Mayer, having been Cleric to, and afterwards taken into Partnership by, the said Robert Wcnsley (since deceased) in his Business of an Attorney, who was, for several Years, merely from Motives of Friendship, one of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, for the Purposes aforesaid, was afterwards prevailed upon to become one of the said Francis Duron’s Sureties to His Majesty in the aforesaid Two last mentioned Bonds; and that the Petitioners did not entertain any Suspicion but that the said Francis Dixon was perfectly regular in his Accounts and Payments to the Crown, till the Month of July 1781, when they were informed that the Commissioners of Taxes had put forne Stop to the said Francis Dixon's further Receipts in virtue of his Offices aforesaid; whereupon the Petitioners immediately applied to the said Francis Duron to know the State of his Accounts with the Crown, and having got an Account of the said Francis Dixons Debt to the Crown, immediately came to London, and gave Information thereof to the said Commissioners of Taxes, and then found that the said Commissioners had repeatedly applied to the said Francis Dixon to pay in his Balance, and that be had gone so far in deceiving the Commissioners, as well as the Petitioners, as to make an Affidavit, that a considerable Part of the Debt appearing on such Accounts to be due from him was uncollected and owing from the Country;' and that the Petitioners immediately procured Extents against the Estate and Effects of the said Francis Dixon, who suddenly destroyed himself on the 19th Day of July 1781; and that the said Francis was, at his

Death, indebted to His Majesty in 28,763 /. 16$. 3<L a Sum much more than both the Petitioners are worth; and the aforeihid Johnson Duron, the other Surety for the Land Tax, one of the Sons of the said Francis Dixon, was only a nominal Partner in Trade with his Father as a Merchant, and not possessed of any considerable Property; and that the Management of the ' Business, late of the said Francis Dixon, was, upon his Death, intrusted to the Petitioners, and they immediately afterwards got Possession of his Real and Personal Estates, thereby saving great Waste, as well as the heavy Expence of proceeding further with Legal Process; and that the Petitioners loon after prevailed with Three of the Sons of the said Francis Dixon, the eldest of whom was his Heir at Law, to release their Claim to their said FatKr’s Real Estate, and have had a Conveyance of such Real Estate made to themselves, the better to enable them to dispose of the fame, for securing the Debt due to the Crown, and for indemnifying the said Francis Dixons Sureties as far as his

Property

S V

048 230 Februarii. . 1784.

ix.m’s I)fbt Property would extend; and that the Petitioners, from the Crowu. being such Sureties, found it nbfolutely impracticable to give such Security for taking out Administration to the Fillets of the said Francis , as the

Prerogative Court of Canterbury requires in Cafes of this Nature, and, with all their Endeavours, assisted by the Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in that Behalf, were unable to obtain such Administration, but they did, notwithstanding, with much Kifque to their Friends acting for and under them, and with Trouble to themselves, undertake the Conduct of the Affairs of the said Francis Dixon, and raised from his Personal Estate, and the Rents and Profits of his Real Estate, the clear Sum of 4,804/. 7 s. 10id. and have paid into the Exchequer 4,500l. Part thereof, and the Residue, being 304/. 7s. 10 id.remains in their Hands; and that the scattered Property of the said Francis Dixon was so Circumstanced as to require immediate and very extraordinary Attention as well as Skill in riif-poling thereof; and that the Petitioners have, both with unwearied Diligence and constant Attention, applied themselves to the Management and Disposition of such Property, having allotted a great Part of their Time to those Concerns for the lait Two Years, and upwards, and, by such Means, they have not only laved the Expence of Agents in the Country, but, as they conceive, have increased the Value of the Property of the said Francis Dixon, and rendered the same very considerably more productive than it otherwise would have been, and have done every Thing in their Power to forward the Sale thereof; and that the Petitioners did lately apply to the Lords of the Treasury, stating the several Matters aforesaid, and also, that Difficulties had arisen respecting the Title to the Real Estates of the said Francis Dixon, and that the said Petitioners were advised it would be necessary, in order to obviate such Difficulties, that an Act of Parliament should be obtained, to authorize the respective Purchasers to pay their Purchase Monies to such Persons as in such Act should be named, and to declare that, after such Payment, the Purchasers should hold the purchased Premises discharged of all Claims of the Crown, with such other Provisions as might be found proper, and, that the Petitioners were very desirous of paying the ftnall Balance in their Hands, and of rendering up all the Real and Personal Property of the said Francis Dixon, and after doing Juliice to the World in regard to the linall Sums they were themselves indebted, were ready and willing to give up such Part of their own Property, as their Lordships might think reasonable, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due to the Crown, and that, notwithstanding the y had been lo unfortunate as to enter into such Security, they hoped they might be permitted to retain some Part of their Fortune, so as to enable them, with their own Industry, to live with some Degree of Comfort, and therefore prayed their Lordships to give Leave that a Bill might be brought into Parliament for the above Purposes, and also, to authorize their Lordships to compound with the Petitioners, and to discharge them from the said Debt; and that the Petitioners, from the great Difficulty attending the disposing of Real Property in that Part of the Country where the Estates of the late Francis Dixon, and also of the Petitioners, are situate, are unable to ascertain how much the Property of the said Francis Dixon, and also of the Petitioners and the other Sureties of the said Francis Dixon, are able to satisfy of the said Debt due to the Crow n, yet the Petitioners hope, from the Funds albrefuid, they will be able to raile the further Sum of 10,000l.: And therefore praying, That Dave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House limit seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Seamen, Ac, Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines em- employed, ployed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between January the lft, 1783, and December the 31st, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what Number mustered in the Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Return of Account of the Number of Days between the Teste of the tlef tion Writs, and the Returns made to them, on the Choice of 'Vnt3‘ every new Parliament since the Year 1706.

Mr. Pulleneypresented to the House, according to Shrewflmiy

Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment Poor* of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Army late Paymaster General of the Forces, do deliver to Payinafler*

this House an Account of the Balance of all Public Acc0UI,u*

Money remaining in his Hands on the 13th Day of November last.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of the Forces, do deliver to this House an Account of the Balance of all Public

Money remaining in his Hands on the 19th Day of November last.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Richard Rigby do deliver to this House, an Account of all Money im-prested or issued to him upon or since the 13th Day of November last, with the Date or Dates of the Time or Times when he received the fame.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Richard Rigby do deliver to this House, an Account of all Payments made by him, on Account of the Public, since the 13th Day of November last, with the Date of each Payment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of all Memorials, Requisitions, and Letters from the Right honourable Richard Rigby, respecting the imprefting or issuing any Sums of Money to him, on the Public Account, since the ill Day of November last; and also, a Copy of all Minutes of the Board of Treasury, Orders, and other Papers relating thereto.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Desert.on. was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevcnnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Government

fQ ol’Eastlnd.A Territories.

State of the Nation.

Supply.

Marine

forth.

Ways and Mean*.

24 Geo. III. 23° — 240 949

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u|)on the Ihll for the better Government of the Territorial Potllflions and Dependencies in

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-venni 'ht. resolve itself into the said Committee.

n '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itli.lt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlilf into a Committee of the whole House, to con’ider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion was made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to prepare un Kftimatc of the Charge of the Pay and Cloth-ins of the Militia for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Ghana l!or of the Exchequer, by His Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 17S4, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-uoitUe.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pratt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pratt reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

Line.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Pratt also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may Lave I.cavc to lit again.

Rest had, That this Honle w ill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of the Supply granted to His M tjjiy.

A Ilill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed.

Risolved, Tltat the Hill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itli lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Fill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolvc its li into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 39.

Martis, 24* die Februarii Anno 24° Georgii IIIta Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley's Lumley, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Name. Surname and Arms of Servile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Anns of Servile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcomhe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Morfton Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Marston Bigot Bigot, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the Church, House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Marston Bigot being in a ruinous Condition, and the Parishioners being desirous to have the same taken down, and a new Church erected, the Petitioner, and the Re£tor, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish with the Consent and Approbation of Lord Viscount Veymouth, the Patron of the said Rectory and Parish Church) presented a Petition on the 17th Day of this Instant February, to the Bishop of Bath and JI'ells, for his Lordship’s Assent to the taking down such old Church, and erecting a new one upon a new Piece of Ground in the said Parish belonging to the Petitioner, and his Lord ship was pleased to express his Approbation of, and Assent to, the Prayer of the said Petition, but was of Opinion that the taking down and rebuilding the said Church upon such new Piece of Ground could not be properly and effectually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament; and that another Petition was therefore prepared, and intended to have been presented to this House on Thursday, the 19th Day of this Instant February, for Leave to bring in a Bill for taking down the said Church, and erecting a new one; and raising Money for that Purpose, which Petition was tigned by the Petitioner, and left with Lord Viscount mouth, the other Petitioner therein named, and his Lordship appointed Mr. Sleigh, who prepared the said Petition, to wait upon his Lordship in the Afternoon of Thursday, the 19th Instant, for his Lordship to sign the fame; and, that Mr. Sleigh being that Afternoon informed by one of the Clerks of this House, that there was a great Probability that the House might rife before the Time appointed by Lord Weyuouthfor signing the said Petition, waited upon his Lordship before the Time appointed, and his Lordship being then particularly engaged, Mr. Sleigh took the Petition from his Lordship’s, intending to get the same presented without his Signature thereto, but on his Return he found this House risen; and representing to the House, that no Service can be performed in the old Church, and, if the erecting a new one is deferred . for another Year, the Inhabitants of the said Parish during all that Time, and until such new Church is erected, will have no Place of public Worship, and for their Instruction in the Christian Religion: And therefore praying, That, for the Realbns aforesaid, the House will be pleased to admit the said Petition, in the like Manner as if the same had been presented on or before the 19th Day of this Instant, February, pursuant to the Order of the House.

ill

Debtors Petitions.

Salford, See. Hoad.

Baroness of Greenwich.

950 24'Februarii. . 1784.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to prtTent a Petition, as desired by the said Earl of Cork and Orrery.

Then a Petition of the Earl of Cork and , in

the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Marston Bigot, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Marston Bigot aforesaid is in so ruinous a Condition, that the same cannot be repaired; and that it will be for the Benefit and Convenience of the Rector and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, to have the present Church taken down, and a new Church erected, and a proper Cemetery, or Burial Ground, let out upon a certain Piece of Land belonging to the Petitioners called Coward's Mead, which is situate nearer to the Rectory House, and to the Center of the said Parish, than the Place where the present Church stands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the present Church of the said Parish, and for erecting a new Church, and setting out a proper Cemetery, or Burial Ground, thereto, in and upon the said Land called Canard's Mead, and for raising Money for that Purpose, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. -dale, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors in Cambridge Castle: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Fisherton Pri-lon, in the County of !Fills: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Prison or Gaol at lxelchester, in and for the County of

Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Bolton, and

Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak, in Forsley and DuxburyStocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also, for making, altering and widening die Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Dawson Lane Dud, and from Agecroft Bridge to Singleton Brook, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Razclin-son, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se-vennight, the 3d Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of die Petition of Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and of Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the humble Petidon of the Honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and the Lands now used therewidi, situate near Tinmouth, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compenla-tion as shall be a full and valuable Consideration for the fame; and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant die Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and the Lands now used therewith, situate near Tinmouth, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full and valuable Consideration for the fame; and also, to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange; And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of thofo Persons to whom the Company’s Bonds which are now due and unsatislied have been granted, at Bengal, Foi't Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, statitig the Amount due to each Person, and the Rate of Interest.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ajnil *774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Duke of Northumbtr-land's Etiate.

Kufi India Bonds.

Morley

Inclosur*.

Omty

Gaol*.

fbildrrn U»rn abroad,

Rereipt

Duty.

24 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingruiled.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William tl»e Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " refjic&ive Counties," was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resulted, That this House will, upon this Day Sevcnni^ht, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

95*

for limiting the Time within which Prosecutions for Offences shall be brought.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow; Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25° die Februarii;

24® — 25* Februarii.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u|>on the Bill for declaring the Children of British Mothers natural-born Subjects, though born Abroad; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'i he House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Maitland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chairs

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend lb much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His pit-lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Pro- roiffory and other Notes; and also, Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to I.aw, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rc|K>rt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

51*

12.

fMr. St. Andrew Tellers for the Yeas,-!

I Mr. Ord:

fMr. Alderman Natw- Tellers for the Noes,] ham,

[The Lord MahonJ So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Shopkeepers, and Retail Traders, to provide Stamps, and add the Value thereof to their Demand.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraining the Exemption by the former -Act respecting the Drafts on Bankers, to Drafts payable

to Jleaier only.

Ami the iiiid Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be addqd to the Bill, VOL. 39.

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1784.

Praters.

MR. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Commit- Wiggenhall tee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of Drainage, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfaftkm of the Committee (except the Owners of 254 Acres Two Roods and 5 Perches of Land, who refused to lign the Bill, and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained by the Bill amounts to 3,795 Acres 1 Rood and 31 Perches); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevered Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Stephenson, Return of Deputy Clerk in the Petty Bag Office, attended at the Ejection Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Writs-the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Days between the Teste of the Writs, and the Returns made to them, on the Choice of every new Parliament since the Year 1706.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjoum-House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next ment-

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning State of the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Nation, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*.

House,

Committees.

VTiegenliall

Drainage.

Morley

IncLlu/e.

Firke's, fee. Nat*

Uoad.

952 2 50- — 2 70 1784.

House, to coufuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit not* withstanding the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,27° die Februarii;

Anno 24* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1784. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and prel’crying certain Marsh " and I on Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of " IViggenhall Saint Mary M, in the County of " Norfolk* was read the Third Time.

Resohxd, That the Bill do puss: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in tire T hirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Marsh and Pen " Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Pavifli of JViggiii/iall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of " Norfolk."

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Wufte Grounds, witlnn the Parish ot Morley, in the County of D,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and dtlirc their Concurrence.

Mr Inehconibc Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Bonavenlura

Eieke, and John Henry lleckcrwas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee lmd directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powets of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Iload from Borough- Bridge, in the County of , to in the same County, and from thence to on the River Tea, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, whiiji they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be logrolled.

Lord Charles SpehCer reported ffotn the Committee, Wood flock to whom the Petition of the Trustees whole Names Road*, are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty* first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodslock, through

and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the Roads leading from Woodslock to Rollright Lane, and from Enslaw Bridge to Kiddington, in the County of Oxford, or being Freeholders or Inhabitants within the said County, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, hud been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodslock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Ensloxo

Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxon; and, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for making the said Act more effectual; and also, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for making the said Act more effectual, were read: 'And,

Mr. George Bullcy, the Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the F.xecotion of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of 300l. upon the Credit thereof, which Money now remains due: And the Witness further said, That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof, respecting the Limitation of the Money to be borrowed, and also respecting the Tolls thereby granted, be altered and varied.

And to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition,

Mr. Bulley being further examined, said. That it will be necessary that several other Provisions contained in the said Acts should be amended, explained, and enlarged; or that the said Acts should be conlo-lidated, and reduced into One Act, with some further Provisions for the more clleftual amending and keeping

O £ O

the said Roads in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodslock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and from Ensloxo Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the CQuntv of Oxford: And that Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, Mr. Page, and Mr. Rolle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Dixon'sDebt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole withe Crown. House, to consider of a Petition, as well of John Goddard, of Elm, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire,

one

JVawhnck

on (null*

Hiir.

Linn^c^wad

Haul*.

Mntfivey

Wi.

24 Geo. III. 270 Februarii. 955

one of the Sureties for Frauds Di.1011, late of UjnvcH, by towards and from in the same Count", Ktijuire, deceit led, Receiver General thence, through the Paritlies of and

lor the County of 'Cambridge, the Town and Vnivcility to the Confines of the County of , in Cum y

of Cambridge, and the ///tof Ely, of the Rates and Du r, and the Road from the Village of Tallyfani, in the Duties upon 1 Ionics, Windows, and Lights, and of the Parish o by to join the

Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, Turnpike Road leading front the Town of and of the Land Tax, as alto of John Mayer, of I Vis- to and which are all in the County of

Icac/i Saint Fetu s, in the same County, Gentleman, Carmarthen, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and in-unother of the Suretu s for the said Francis Dixon, as commodious for Travellers, and in I'ome Places impassable Receive r General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates for Carriages' — That the liune cannot be effectually and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Iloults, and of amended and kept in Repair by the Ordinary Course of the iotnd Tax. Law — That it would not only be of great Benefit and

Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an lying adjacent to the said Roads, but to the Public, if the Account of all the Drawbacks paid on the Re-exportation same were amended and made fate and commodious; of Ordinary Goats Hair, or Goats Wool, imported from which may be done by putting the same under the Care 1743 to 1703, inclutive; and from 1704 to J 7S3, inclu- and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of live; distin-midiim* each Year. the Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

Mr. Aim s n portrd from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Cannul then, and Principality oilTales, w hole Names are thereunto luhscribed, was rderred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Urdus of the Hotife, of the 2.5 th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee hud examined the Mutter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he nad the Report in his Place; and afterwards dilivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Munitions of the said Petition,

Thomas Jones, Klipjire, being examined, said, That the Roads from the Parish of Llaneguad, in the County of Carmarthen, over the River Tray, through the Ford called Llavddo ll hit mes to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of lJanddang, in the said County, and from the said Parish i>f LLtncyuad, over the said River I'tray, through the Ford ealle 1 Glanrhyd Avod and the said Parish of Hand* darog, to lJovt y Herein, in the Parish of Llatigendeirne, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and incapable of being effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Com fe of Law — That it would tend greatly to the Convenience and Safety of the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood, and of the Public, if the said Roads were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and if a good and substantial Carriage Bridge were erected over the River Tcney, at or near one of the above Fords.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading Irom the Parish of Llanegzead to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from the said Parish of Llanddarog to Pout y Herein, in the Parish of Haugen-dtirne, in the County of Carmarthen: And that Mr. Johnes, Mr John Vaughan, and Mr. Phillips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Johnes reported from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re|>oit the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation* of the said Petition,

JPdham lJoyd, Llipiire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Llandovery, through Vol. ay.

the Road from the Parish of Mothvey, through Llandovery, to Llidiady Gzryn, and other Roads, in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Slone in the Parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Llandovery through Vtlindre, by Yinis y Borde towards Melingutto, and from thence, through the Parishes of Llandingat and Mothvey, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, in Cwm y Dwr; and the Road from the Village of Tallysarn, in the Parish of Llanthoysaint, by Trallom Melin, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llangadock to Saudde Bridge, all in the County of Carmarthen.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Swindon, &e. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Roads*

O "

Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or " near the Town of Swindon, to the North End or " Side of the Town of Marlborough, and from the said " Town of Marlborough to the Village of in

" the County of Wilts," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to Bradford whom the Petition of the Paymasters to the Poor of the ^l’oor, ° Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Daniel Clutlerbuck being examined, said, That the Parish of Bradford b a large and populous Parish,

11 K which

Mirr w ftmry Four,

Culioni*,

Vuil.ti.d.

954

which Inina a large Manufacturing Town for line Clotli, the Poor therein are exceeding numerous, and, although it is divided into Six Hamlets or Tythings, in each of which there is a Church or Chapel, yet, with respefi to the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, is confnlered as One Parish, and governed by Four Overseers only — That there are now 1,244 Persons in the Parish, who receive Relief from the Poor Rates — That the Rates now raised upon the Parish, for the Relief and Support of the Poor, amount to near Five Shillings in the Pound, according to the Rack Rent of the Lands and Tenements within the Parish; and that the Stock in Trade is highly rated in Aid of the Land, without which the Land would he 1110ft grievotillv burthened — That, from Easter 1783 to the lotli of February last, the Money collected for the Lie of the Poor, and which it is apprehended will not he I'uiHcient to complete the Payments for the Year, amounted 103,143/. and upwards — That in the Year 1770 the Poor's Rates amounted to 1,931/. 14$. since which Time they have been gradually and con-lidcrahly inerealing every Year — That the principal Land Owueis do not live in the Parish, therefore the Office of Overseer generally fulls to Clothiers and Persons in a great Way of Trade, whose other Avocations render the executing of such an Office highly inconvenient to them, and prejudicial to their Affairs and Concerns; for which Realbn they generally appoint Deputies, who. arc Bakers, Shopkeepers, or others in interior Situations in Lh’c, who, from interested Motives, are induced to take the Trouble of executing the Office, and misapply or waste the Public Money, or take undue Advantage of their Situations, in supplying the Poor with Articles from their respective Shops, instead of paying them in Money, as they ought to do — That they pay them only Monthly, by which Means the Poor are driven to the Necessity of running in Debt wherever they can get Credit — They also take no Pains to visit the Poor, in order to dH-cover those who are proper Objctts of Charity, and deferring of Relief, from those who, by Means of Profligacy or Iillcncfs, are less entitled to public Support, ut the same Time that the Aged and Infirm, who may be incapable of attending the Overseer to urge their Situation, may languid* in extreme Misery mid Distress. — And the Witness further said, That it is apprehended a very considerable Saving might be made in the Parish Rates, and the Poor be more regularly and rtfeftually relieved and supported, if Power was given by Parliament to appoint an Extra Overseer of the Poor within the said Parish, with an adequate Salary, for the Idle Purpose of looking after the Poor, and distrihiiting the Parish Payments Weekly to the proper Objects.

Unlira/, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of J.nd, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. u’ocli and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Sh reus bury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resulted, That the Bill he committed to Sir Charlton l.<ightun, Mr. Pultcmy,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Tieufury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Paper, intituled, " Treasury Chambers,

" 2d July 1707» Mr* Lowndes to the Commissioners

A. 1784.

of Customs in Scotland, with Directions for proposing Salaries for the Officers of the Customs, Fees " being deemed improper And also,

N° 2. Treasury Warrant, 21st September 1715, authorizing a Meeting of the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland with the Royal Boroughs, in order to concert a Table of Fees: And also,

N° 3. Memorial of the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland to the Lords of the Treasury, 10th July 1716, with a Table of Fees agreed upon by the Royal Boroughs and the Commissioners of the |Customs: And also,

N° 4. A Paper, intituled, *' Treasury Chambers,

" 27th June 1721, Mr. Kelsall to the Commissioners " of Customs in Scotland, with a Representation from " the Royal Boroughs and Merchants in Scotland.

" that establishing a Table of Fees may be revived,

" with a Minute of the Board of Customs at Edin-" burgh, on the same And also,

N° 5. Representation of Samuel Garbctt and C* to the Lords of the Treasury, relpefring Custom House Fees at Butrmstoness, with a Report of the Coramif-

sioners of Customs thereon, dated 15th December 1766:

And also,

N° 6. Correspondence in 1767 I Kit ween the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, relative to a general Regulation of Fees to be prepared lor the several Ports in Scotland: And also,

N° 7. Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury', dated 29th October 171.7, to the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, for a Table of Fees in 1742, and the Table of Fees then taken: And also,

N° 8. Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, dated 3d April 1781, to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for a List of the Fees taken by their several Officers: And also,

N° 9. Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, dated 23d March 1782, to Mr. Adam Smith, a Commissioner of the Customs in Scotland, on Custom House Fees; Mr. Smith's Letter and Report, 24th May 1782, with Two Tables of Fees; the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland Letter to the Secretary of the Treasury, 24th June 1782, with their Report of the same Day, and with a Copy of a Report of Mr. Reid, one of the Inspectors General, of 19th June 1782:

And also,

N° 10. Petition of the Custom House Officers in Scotland respefiting Fees, with Reference from the Lords of the Treasury to the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, of 28th June 1782; the Commissioners of Customs Letter and Report thereon, of 4th July 178s: And ulfo,

N° 11. Mr. Burke's Letter to the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, 3d July 1782, returning their Report of 24th June 1782. and other Papers relating to Fees, and the Commissioners of Customs Report thereon, dated 24th October 1782; with a Table of Fees proposed for the Officers of the Customs in Scotland, 23d October 1782.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papersjdo lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Custom*, the C ommissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Scotland, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-len’ed to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Duty on Coals and Culm carried Coastwish in Rorth Britain, for Three Years preceding Christmas 17S2; distinguilliing what Part thereof is of the Produce of England; and also what 07 Part

270 Februarii.

24 Geo. III. 17° Februarii. 955

Part is levied on the West Side of the Island, and particularly the Proportion of what is levied in the Firth of C within the Mulls of Galloway and Can tyre, what Part to the North of the Mull of and what Part

within the Mull ot Galloway, on what is called The Solway Frith: And alto,

N° 2. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees, rxrhifive of Stamp Paper, taken upon the Shipping of Coals Coast ways to England, at the Ports of Boness, Kirkulihf, *ln\lrulhcr, and Proton Pans, in Aorth

Britain; also, an Account of the Fees taken on the Importation of Coals at these Ports, including therein the V< tTels. intimations, Reports Outwards; and also, when they return in Rallaft: And a-to,

N° 3. An Account of the Rates of Custom House Fees taken on the Importation of C’oals to Ireland, at the Ports of Air, Irvine, and Port Great Britain,

cxclnlive of Stamp Paper: And also,

N*4. Copy of a Table of l ees for North agreed ujwhi and signed by the Commissioners there, and the I,onf Provost of Edinburgh, for the Convention of Royal Boroujw, on or about the 14th 1717-18,

and lent to the Hoard of Treasury for its Approbation, at that Time, or afterwards: And also,

N° 3. Tables of Fees lent by the Hoard of Customs in Scotland to its (Jtfieers before the Year 172b: And also,

X® (>. Copy of an Order by the Hoard of Customs in Scotland to its Officers, dated the 27th of April 1730, reI'pcfting the Fees upon Coals carried upon the Rivers Firth ami 7ay: And also,

N° 7. Lists of Fees as received in the Year 1742; required by an Order of the House of 22d December 17S3, under the Title of " Copies of Tables of Fees " taken at all the different Custom House Offices in " North Britain, font up to by Order of the

" Board ill 1742:" And also,

N° 8. Copy of the 'l'ables of Fees of the several Officers of tiic Customs in Scotland, prepared in con-feqmncc of tic Minute of the 10th April 1781, and truidiiiitn d to Sir GreyCooJht, one of the Secretaries of the Tivaliiry, the 71b June 1781; required by an Order of the House of 2id December 1783, under the Title of " Copies of Tables of Fees taken at all the different Custom IIoul'c Offices in North Britain, lent up to " Edinburgh by Order of the Board in 1781:" And also,

N° 9. Copy of a proposed General Table of Fees for North Britain, lent up by the Commissioners to the Lords of the Treasury, for their Approbation, in 1767:

And also,

N° 10. A Table of Fees proposed for the Officers of the Customs in Sot laud, 23d October 1782; required by an Order of the lloul'e of 22d December 1783, under the Title of " Copy of a proposed General Table of Fees for " North Britain, lent up by the Commissioners to the " Lords of the Treasury, for their Approbation, in " 1782."

Mr. Milford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scot/at A, presented to the House, pursuantto their Order of the 1 bth Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Tecs, Perquisites, and Gratuities, taken by any and every Person or Persons serving in the Department of each of the several Custom Houses in Soticnd, namely, the Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities taken u|>on each Cocket, Bond, Sufferance, Survey, "Warrant, Clearance, and on every other Document for Official Service done to any Merchant, Trader, or Ship-master, at the Shipping or landing of Goods, specifying the Items of Fees taken, and for what, both at the Entry Inwards and Clearing Outwards of each Sorts, Class, or Kind of Merchandize; and ado, the Items of Fees t hing! d at the Entry Inwards and Clearing Outwards of all Ships and Vtliels, abltracled from their Cargoes at Vo l. 3pl-

each of the several Custom Houses, Creeks, or Havens, in Scotland; as likewise, an Account of the Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities, with their several Items, taken in the Year 1730 at the several Custom Houses in Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise in , attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Alphabetical List of Persons Names w ho have paid the Duty upon their Male Servants in North Britain, for the Years 1781, 1782, and 1783: And also,

An Alphabetical List of the Persons in Scotland who have paid for Carriages liable to Excise Duty, for the Years ending 1781, 1782, and 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Lifts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for declaring that the Form and Mode of taking an Outh by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland, shall be admitted instead of an Oath in the usual Manner, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Proprietors of the Bank of Scotland, distinguishing the Sums lubscribed by each Proprietor, and the Amount of the Capital paid in to the said Bank, by each Subscriber, on or before the ill Day of January 1784.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Walter Nesbet, Esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Richard Burke, Esquire, to the Right honourable Richard Rigby, dated the 4th November 1783: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Mr. Rigby's Memorial, dated 13th November 1783, for 140,000l. for 365 Days'Clearings

of

Excise,

Scotland.

Form of Oath in Scotland.

Bank of Scotland.

Nefljet’*

Divorce.

Army Pay iualier.

Pawn-

brokers,

956 270 Februarii. . 1784.

of t!ic Regular Forces and Militia, from 23th December Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-17 So, to 241U Dicemb er 1781: And also, tuled, " An Act for the more effectual Punishinent of

N° 3. Copy of a letter from the Right honourable " Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pofi'ef-Richard Higt/i/ to Richard Darke, Esquire, dated 17th " fion of Goods or Money by falte or untrue Pretences;

November 1783: And also, " for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the

N° 4. Copy of Treasury Minute of 19th November" ealy Redemption of Goods paw ned; and for prevent-1783: And ulfo, ing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, La-

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Richard Burke, Esquire, " bourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same to the Auditor of the Exchequer, dated 19U1 November relates to Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; and 17S3, directing an Issue of the Sum of 140,000 I. for the read the First Time.

Clearings of the Army: And also, Res, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Richard Burke, Esquire, to the Right honourable Richard Rigby, dated 22d Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the November 1783: And also, Office of Lord High Admiral of , presented

K* 7. Copy of a Letter from George Rose, Esquire, to to the House, pursuant to their Orders, the Right honourable Richard Rigby, dated 16th February An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Navy Debt. 1784: And also, stood on the 31st December 1783: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines g(.amen &c Richard Rigby to George Rose, Esquire, dated 23d employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the imployed. February 1784. ift of January and the 31st of December 1783, upon a

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from

And the said Schedule was read. the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, what mustered in the Service, to be perused by the Members of the House. And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were

The said Papers are preserved amonft the other read.

Papers of this Session. The laid Estimate and Account are as followeth;

viz.

Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 30th Year of the

Navy

24 Geo. III.

2 70 Februarii.

Navy Office,

2oth February 1784.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter Navy Debt. mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1783.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. suppliedfor the Service thereof -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1783, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty s fcveml Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his lute Mujcl'ty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pnv the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off - -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1783 -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloatlis, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1783 -For necessary and extra D* Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Othcers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and W'ounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office....

The Total amounts to the Sum of Sixteen Millions Two hundred and Twenty thoulaad Nine hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny -From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies The Debt will then be Fifteen Millions Five hundred and Ten thousand Seven hundred and Sixty leven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two-penec Three Farthings -

Ar. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between lft January 1783 and 31st December following -

And it ap|>ears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Prisoners of War, between lft January 1783 aRd 31st December following, is - -

as on the other Side.

£. s. d.

7>973»5oo 3 8 ’

718,350 5 io \

155,041 — —

116,625 13 3 >

1,121,097 9 4

1,012,289 4 11 ►

291,912 1 7 .

24,666 6 7

4,655,801 14 3

20,871 4 9

7,690 4 3

9,891 8 6

324,905 11 1 1

385,253 7 n*J

729,111 4 2

59,962 10

For which Sum of 789,073/. 145. 2 no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Fourteen Millions Seven hundred and Twenty-one thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Farthings - -- ,£

TOTAL.

o^. s»

8,963,5i7 2 9

2,425,298 15 10

4,718,920 18 41

113,189 15 4

16,220,926 12 3^ 710,158 19 —

15,510,767 13 2*

789,073 M 2

14,721,693 19 —

Vox- 39.

11 L

Memdm

r

Men/*: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the December 17®3> Money, as under-menUooed; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

VO

(it

00

ON THE HEADS OF

Ia what Treasurer’t Hands. la MONEY. Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen’s Wage*. A Victuals. TOTAL-

Right honourable Welbore Ellis, Esquire fin Money ------ [Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hart Seamen £. s. d. 5,846 3 81 £ i* d. 23,529 14 81 467 17 6 £. s. d. 1,626 4 4 to m £. s. d. 31,470 — 3 i

Right honourable Isaac Barrt, Esquire fin Money ------ (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - 6,000 37,325 — 3 66 7 8 37i 8 5ij - 43,762 16 4*

Right honourable Henry Dtmdas, Esquire - fin Money ------ [Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 5,031 1 — I *9,457 »9 7* 116 2 it 1,744 n 4*| m m 36,349 l4 11

Right honourable Charles Townshend, Esquire fin Money ------ [Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ... 92,021 15 1 87,942 15 3i 11,423 19 3 21,934 9 10 *j m m 213,322 19 6

108,898 19 9* '190,329 17 2* 25,676 14 — i 324,905 11 1

There remained, on the 31st December 1783, to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies of the Year 1783 - - - JO- 385,253. 7. 11 {.

a

Chop Middleton. J. Williams Geo. Marsh. Goo. Rogers. Wm Campbell. Edo/. Hunt. Sand.

2 70 Februorii. A. 1784.

Answf»r to Audr*fs.

24 GEOIII. 2 7° Februarii.

»r nff- 1 Ax ACfcOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines Employed in the Service Seamen, ftr. 2'tb February 1784-/ *^e ^oyal Navy, between the lft of January and the 31st of December 1783 etnt>

3 'upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines,

and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered, in the Service. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 23d I nitont

MONTHS. SEAMEN. MARINES

t Borne for Wages. A Mustered for Victuals. / Borne for Wages. Mustered for Viauals.

January - - - m - 9*>9»5 95,416 16,281 12,874

February - - - 88,268 90,509 15,561 H,952

March 80,825 81,753 14,394 10,119

April - - - 66,000 65,994 13,533 8,701

May - 57,39' 57,712 12,778 8,992

54, *67 54,039 11,802 7,53t

July - - m m - - 47,51-2 47,491 10,541 6,oogi

36,115 37,187 9,075 5,5

September - - a 34,321 35,118 8,344 5,i 95

October 32,728 32,614 8,223 4,937

November - 6 - - 31,378 30,577 8,019 4,908

December - * - 30,962 30,351 8,002 5,075

651,582 658,761 136,553 91,850

I'pon a Medium 54,298 54,896 *1,379 7,654

In the Number of Seamen mustered, are included Prisoners, Soldiers, and other Persons occasionally v iftualled as Su[>crnumcraries on Board His Majesty’s Ships; which cauies the Number mustered for Victuals to exceed tltc Number borne for Wages.

J. William. /F* Campbell. Geo. Marsh. Geo. Jlogers.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty on ffednesdat/ last with their Address; to which 11 is Majesty was pleased to give the following Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I ain deeply finfible how highly it concerns the Honour of My (.rown, and the Welfare of My

Vo l. 39. J

People, which is the Object always neatest My Heart, that the Public Affairs should be conduced by’ a firm, efficient, united, and extended Administration, entitled to the Confidence of My People, and such as ntay have a Tendency to put an End to the unhappy Divisions and Distractions in this Country. — Very recent Endeavours have already been employed, on My Part, to unite in the Public Service, on a fair and equal Footing, those whose joint Efforts appear to Me most capable of producing that happy Effect: These Endeavours have not had the Success

I wished.

966 S']0 Februariu — i A. 1784.

I wi£hed. I shall be always desirous of taking every Step most conducive to such an Object; but 1 cannot fee that it would, in any Degree, be advanced, by the Dismission of those at mefent in My Service.

I observe, at the same Time, that there is no Charge, or Complaint, suggested against My present M milters, nor is any One or more of them specifically objected to; and Numbers of My Subjects have expressed to Me, in the warmed Manner, their Satisfaction in the late Changes I have made in My Councils. Under these Circumstances, I trust, My Faithful Commons will not wish that the essential Offices of executive Government should be vacated, until I fee a Prospect that such a Plan of Union as I have called for, and they have pointed out, may be carried into Eft'eft.

Ordered, That His Majesty’* laid Answer" be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Adjourn- A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

ment. That this House do now adjourn till Monday Morning

next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'r n c .1. V /The Lord Maitland, j

Tellers for the Yeas,jMr j i75-

Tellers for Use Noes,{^; fZl SnM, } .68.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

buna, 1° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii III,a Regis, 1784-

Prayers.

F.icke’s, &e. \ N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Detlev Bona-

Na». i\ ventura Eicke, and John Henry Hecker, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Detlev Bonaventura Eicke, and John Henry Hecker.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swmdon, Ac. An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads. of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled " An Act for amending " and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, " at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North End " or Side of the Town of Marlborough, and from " the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed io the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled " An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near " the Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of " the Town of Marlborough, and from the said Town of " Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County " of Milts."

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Borough- An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and bridge Hoad, powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twen-ty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from

oti

Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to whom Leyburn the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, 1‘iclofurt. or’Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Parish of JVensley, in the North RidiDg of the County of

York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the . Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according Bradford to Order, a Bill for the Appointment of an additional ^e^rfof Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the 1 e °°r’ Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wyndham reported from the Committee, to Coiham whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Cosham,

" in the County of Southampton, to the City of ChiChester," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, und found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth, the Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and He- *c. Roads. reditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's,within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee hud

examined,

1° Martii.

24 Geo. III.

amiticJ, and found that the Standing Orders, of the House* of the 2',th April *774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Ikcii complied with, in respect to the tirft-nientioaed Petition; but that the said Orders had not been complied with in respect to the second-mentioned Petition; as the Parties did not know ot*the Application for repairing the Road in the first-mentioned Petition until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they ap|>eared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and fcftery\ards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To pto\e the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition.

Mr. Christopher Harris being examined, said, That from the great Increase of Buildings in the Towns of Plymouth, Stum/wusc, and Plymouth Dock, and on Account of a commodious Stone Bridge having been tutted over the Creek of Slunchoustby Means of which a fife, convenient, and short Communication whs dirtied between the Borough of Plymouth and Plymouth J)/ck, the High Road leading from the Shambles, through Frankfort (late, within the said Borough, to ll ic fdi.lj Ilritliitr, having been f.i much more used than lonin i ly, t.-> Iktoiuc lo much out ot Repair, as to render the Expence ot" keejMivj tiic tunic in proper Repair a great Rnll.cn to the Petitioners, and others, who are in certain Proportions cuntributary by Law for the necessary Repair tin rcof.

"I hat the Sum of 333/. 4-t. was last Year ex-jiciuled in repairing die fame; that the Parish Rates collected for th.it Purpose, viz. 0d. in the Pound, and (></. Competition, amounted only to 124/. 6 s. and therefore a Debt of 208 /. iS*. now remains due from the Puihli, belidcs die Expence of Indictments, amounting to Thirty Guineas; that the altove Hates are as high as the Law allots; and that the Road is much l*olter now than it was before this Money was expended; but the \\ itneIs fnppoles Part of it must be taken up again, for die Purpose of making more Drains.

An t the W’itness further laid, That die I^aws in being are inadequate for the Purpose of altering, making, and maintaining the said Road, and of lighting, watching, watering, and cle infing the funic, and alto for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages uling the said Road; ail which arc necessary for die Accommodation of the Public: Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Harris informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the \\ eftern End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Pluyhouse, in the Parish of Stake Damarcl, being in Length aliout Five hundred

Yards, is ruinous, and is not properly lighted, watched, or watered; und that if Power was granted for those Purpose j, it would be of great public Utility.

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, through Fnml.ft.rt (late, to St out house Bridge, and from the

Welt Fnd of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate, next tin* lMnyhouse, in the Parish of Stole in

the said C ounty; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands anJ Fares of Carriages tiling the fame;

Hie House w as moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the Iloule of the g.'.tli Day of February 1782, of the Proceeding* of the House upon the Report from the Committee, lo whom the Report was ic-conmiitted, which was made from the Committee to whom the Pt ti-tion of llveial Ow ners of l’.ltah s and Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood of the Turnpike Hoad between the Towns of Brecon and /Joy, was rehrred, might be readi Vol. 39.

And the same being read accordingly {

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, through Frankfort Gate, to Slonchouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate, next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the fame: And that Mr, Rolle, Mr. Masterman, Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, and Admiral do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the Hdufe, according to Order, a Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiand Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and from Enslave Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of OxAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daabem 1 reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, who are assessed to the Land Tax at about 3/. 7 s. 1 d.per Annum, who had been written to, but had returned no Answer; and also except the Proprietors of Lands, assessed at about 1 69;. 8 d. who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, are assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Value of about 137/. 4 s. 11 d.; and that no Person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments where Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for regulating, and rendering more effectual the Exa&ion of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of Lasicade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees, and for further repairing the Roads within the said District, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

11 M Mr.

Wood flock Hoads.

Blagdon

Inclosure.

Edinburgh Shire Hoads.

9<D

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

fouftabl* of N* i. An Account of the Pay of the Constable of the the Tower. Tower of London, and of the Allowance of Fire and Candle for the said Tower, agreeable to the EstabIHliment of the Clarrifons in Great Britain, as prepared at the War Otliec: And also,

Clarrifons. N° 2. Copy of His Majesty’s Warrant for the Pay of the Garrisons in Great Britain, for 122 Days, to 24th Decaster 1782, fliewimj; the Mode by which the Pay of the Constable of the Tower of London is, from Time to Time, directed to be issued: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty’s Warrant for Fire and Candle for the Garrisons in Great Britain, for 122 Days, to 24th December 1782, shewing the Mode by which the Allowance for Fire and Candle for the Tower of London is, front Time to Time, directed to be issued to the Constable of the said Tower.

Together with a Schedule of the said Account and Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the lloule.

The said Account and Papers arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Chriit Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom

Church the Petition of John Gant and Hairy Nelson, Church-p wardens of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County

IHjr’ ic‘ of Middlesex, and of several of the Overseers of the Poor,

and Trustees and Vestrymen, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Rei gn of his late Majesty King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or ered a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, and also, for putting in Execution One other Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the said first-mentioned Afl; and also, the Petition of several of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And

It appeared, by the said first-mentioned Afl, that Power was given to the Trustees therein nominated, to purchase or build a House, and to provide the same with Furniture, for tire Use of the Poor of the said Pari llr: And

Mr. Francis Child being examined, said, That at the Time of passing the said Act, there was no House or Building fit for the Pur|>ofe within the said Parish; and therefore the Trustees and Vestrymen hired a Workhouse at Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, which they have been obliged, from the great Increase of the Number of Poor, to make considerable additional Buildings thereto, and in lb doing have incurred a very heavy Expence upon the said Parish.

Air. Janies Dalton confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That notwithstanding the several additional Buildings a I >ove-mentioned, the said Workhouse is too final], und the Lodging Rooms very inconvenient, the People being obliged to deep Four or Five in a Bed; that the Kent, Taxes, and Common Repairs of the said Work-house, amount to lull 120/. per Annum: Then

Mr. John Stevens, the Master of the said Workhouse, being examined, confirmed the lal’t-mentioned Evidence,

06

1784*

/V

and said, That the Poor arc daily increasing, inso much that since lie has been Master, there has been an Increase of above One hundred in a Year, and that more than One hundred and Fifty have been relieved out, there not having been sufficient Room in the House.

Mr. Richard Hooding, Surveyor, being next examined, produced a Plan and Estimate Ibr building a New Workhouse, which is calculated to accommodate Five hundred Persons upon the most frugal Plan: the Amount of the Estimate being between 3,300 /. and 4,000 /.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. John Grunt, that the above Plan has been seen and approved of by the Committee appointed in full Vestry, for the Purpose of making this Application; and he added. That it is proposed to build the said Workhouse iu Brick Lane.

Mr. Dalton being further examined, find, That, by the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the present Reign, the usual Mode of making the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish w as altered to a Pound Rate in different Classes, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of the Houses, which has been found very inconvenient, and productive of much Collusion between Landlords and Tenants, whereby the Rates have repeatedly proved deficient to defray the necessary Charges of maintaining the said Poor; and a considerable Debt hath been unavoidably contracted thereby, which cannot be discharged, unless Power be given to alter the present Method of affelling the Monies, and for raising a further Sum of Money to discharge the said Debt.

This Evidence was corroborated by Mr. Thomas Buxton, and Mr. John Scott: And

Mr. Robert Phillips added, that the Poor’s Rate, at the Commencement of the last mentioned Act, produced about 3,000l. a Year, from which Time it has been gradually decrealing; and that although in the Year 1782 an additional Sixth was laid on, which was estimated to raise 600 /. a Year, the Hates have nevertheless so much decreased, as to produce now not more than the original Sum of 3,000 /.: Then

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Stephen Pavell, and Mr. Thomas Buxton, being examined, said, That the present Method of chusing Overseers is very inconvenient, and it would be more useful and advantageous to the Parish, if Power was given to elect Two in each Half Year.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County iff Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and prclerving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman I dikes do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition and Repre- Lever’* fentation of Sir Ashton Lever, Knight, which was presented Museum:

to the House upon the 9th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might lie again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition and Representation be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the lloule:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr.

Eden,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkins, from Hare sk the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the un!’urU;d

Door;

l° Martii.

to llic Cm*u.

Cm liable of Ue 1 uwtr.

D»uo.

Pa'T'ftapIc

Poud^.

14 Geo. Ill, id Martiu 963

l)oor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purluunt to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Hare Skins imported into England, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1763, both inclusive; and from Christmas 1764 to Michaelmas 17S3, both inclusive; distinguilliing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition, as well of John Goddard of Elm, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, one of the Sureties for Francis Dixon, late of Upicell, in the same County, Esquire, deceased. Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, the Town and University of Cambridge, and the lllc of Ely, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; as also of John Mayer, of /Vis-ban h Sab:! Peters, in tl»e same County, Gentleman, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, as Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, and of the Lind Tax; together with a Certificate thereunto annexed, be now read.

And tl ic laid On!er being read accordingly;

'1 he House rtfolved itli.Tr into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Latter, of I Ltd Loot, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftnnul the Chair.

Mr. Jiudtr, of H cut Loot, reported from the Committee, 'lhat he v\as directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the lloufe vwll please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of those Pei Ions who have held the Ohico of Constable of The Torucr since the Year 170 o.

Ordtnl T1 iat there he laid before this Iloule, ail Account of all Monies which have been issued from the Exchequer to the Constable of The Tautr since the Year 1730; distinguilliing each Year.

Mr. Rode reported from the Committee, to whom the Hill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of un Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from die Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Deism, was committed; That the Committee had examined tiic Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the lloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward-. delivered the I3ii1, wiih the Amendments, in at the Chrks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read thronglio.it; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, lhat tee Lift, v.itli the Amendments, be ingrofild.

"Vot. 3!).

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Elections — for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Mem- preventing bers to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Makon, n er*‘ the Earl of Surrey, Sir Cecil If ray, Sir Lewes,

Mr. Eliot, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Papists allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills ^eds made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Pur- Vllls* dialers: And that Mr. Macdonald and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Confinement provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Crimi- of Criminals nals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr.

Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Ftufe, according to Order, resolved itself into Land Tax a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ap- Commission- pointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of er4‘ this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by " a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-three."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newton1 for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in Abbott the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ^ouds' repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of NexctonAbbott to the Passage Way in , of-

polite Clijton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End

of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott's to Fhe Lanes, and from Langver's Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and from GalmptonI Far borough to Monk's Bridge and

Brixham Quay, and from Langver's Barn to the North End cf Paingion Town ,all in the County of

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Tregony, &c, enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Se- Road, cond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the T urn pike

Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said

County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dovor Small Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor, and the

Parishes

Smuggling.

East India Aflairs.

Ditto.

Address for Kemovul of -Mimftcis.

964 i° Martii A. 1784.

Parishes of Charlton, Bucldand, River, Ewell,

Cotdred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Saint

Margaret's at Cliff, Whitfieldotherwiie,

Gaston, Hotigham otherwise Huff ham, Caple Le Fern, and AlUiam, ami also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in

the County of Kent; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Mr. Eden, from the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of tire Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled,

" The Report of the Court of Directors of the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to The " East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated 23d January " 1784," which was presented to the House upon the 1 Cth Day of February last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Paper be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the printed Account of the State of the East India Company’s Affairs, figtied by Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, Chairman of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration I lb Majesty's Answer to the Address of this House of the 20th Day of February last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

His Majesty’s said Answer was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty, the Satisfaction His Faithful Commons derive from the late Most Gracious Assurances we have received, that His Majesty concurs with us in Opinion, that it concerns the Honour of His Crown, and the Welfare of His People, that the Public Affairs should be conducted by a firm, efficient, extended, united Administration, entitled to the Confidence of His People, and such as may have a Tendency to put an End to the unhappy Divi-lions and Diffractions of this Country:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s Paternal Goodness, in His late Most Gracious Endeavours to give Eftect to the Object of our late dutiful Representation to His Majesty:

To lament that the Failure of these His Majesty’s Most Gracious Endeavours should be considered as a final Par to the Accomplishment of l'o ialutary and desirable a Purpose; and to express our Concern and Disappointment that his Majesty has not been advised to take any farther Step towards uniting in the Public Service, those whole joint Efforts have recently appeared to 11 is Majesty most capable of producing so happy an Effect.

That this House, with all Humility, claims it as their Right, and on every proper Occasion feels it to be their bounden Duty, to advise His Majesty touching the Exercise of any Branch of His Royal Prerogative.

That we submit it to His Majesty’s Royal Consideration, that (lie Continuance of an Administration which does not poflels the Confidence of the Reprc-fentatives of the People, must be injurious to the Public Service.

That this House can have no Interest difiinet and separate from that of their Constituents; and that they therefore feel themselves called upon to repeat those loyal and dutiful Assurances they have already expressed, of their Reliance 011 His Majesty’s Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, that His Majesty will graciously enable them to execute those important Trusts which the Constitution has vested in them, with Honour to themselves, and Advantage to the Public, by the Formation of a new Administration appointed under Circumstances which may tend to conciliate the Minds of Hb Faithful Commons, and to give Energy and Stability to His Majesty’s Councils.

That as His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, upon the matured Deliberation, cannot but consider the Continuance of the present. Ministers as an unfur-mountable Obstacle to His Majesty’s gracious Purpose to comply with their Withes, in the Formation of such an Administration as His Majesty, in Concurrence with the unanimous Resolution of this House, feetns to think requisite in the present Exigencies of the Country: They feel themselves bound to remain firm in the With expressed to His Majesty in their late humble Address; and do therefore find themselves obliged again to beseech His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to lay the Foundation of a strong and iftable Government, by the previous Removal of Hb present Ministers;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That that Question be now ptit.

Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty, the Satisfaction His Faithful Commons derive from the late most gracious Assurances we have received, that His Majesty concurs with us in Opinion, that it concerns the Honour of His Crown, and the Welfare of His People, that the Public Affairs should be conduced by a firm, efficient, extended, united Administration, entitled to the Confidence of His People, and such as may have a Tendency to put an End to the unhappy Divisions and Distractions of this Country:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s Paternal Goodness, in His late Most Gracious Endeavours to give Effect to the Object of our late dutiful Representation to His Majesty:

To lament that the Failure of these His Majesty’s Most Gracious Endeavours should be considered as a final Bar to the Accomplishment of so salutary and desirable a Purpose; and to express our Concern and Disappointment that His Majesty has not been advised to take any farther Step towards uniting in the Public Service, those whose joint Efforts, have recently appeared to His Majesty most capable of producing so happy an Eft’ect.

That this House, with all Humility, claims it as their Right, and on every proper Occasion feels it to be their bounden Duty, to advise His Majesty touching the Exercise of any Branch of His Royal Prerogative.

That we submit it to His Majesty’s Royal Consideration, that the- Continuance of an Administration which docs not poflels the Confidence of the Repre-

fentatives

24 Geo. III.

i° — 2° Marti.

9^5

fentatives of the People, must be injurious to the Public Service.

That this House can have no Interest distinct and fcparute from that of their Constituents; and that they therefore feel themselves called upon to repeat those loyal and dutiful Assurances they have already expressed, of their Reliance on His Majesty's Paternal Regard for the Welfare of His People, that His Majesty will graci-oully enable them to execute those important Trusts which the Conl’titution has vested in them, with Honour to themselves, and Advantage to the Public, by the Formation of a new Administration, appointed under Circumstances which may tend to conciliate the Minds of llis Faithful Commons, and to give Energy and Stability to llis Majesty’s Councils.

That as His Majesty’s Faithful Commons, upon the maturest Deliberation, cannot but consider the Continuance of the present Ministers as an unfur-mouutuble Obltacle to His Majesty's gracious Purpose to comply with their M illies, in the Formation of such an Administration as His Majesty, in Concurrence with the unanimous Resolution of this House, firms to think reijuilite in the present Exigencies of the Country: They feel themselves bound to remain firm in the Willi expressed to Uis Majesty, in their lute humble Address; and do therefore find themselves obliged again to beseech llis Majesty, that He would be giacioully pleased to lay the Foundation of a strong and liable Government, by the previous Removal of llis present Ministers;

The lloulc divided.

The Yens went forth.

Teller, for the Yea, fe ?frd \

’(Mr Byng: J

201.

} »8p.

t. , r i x- f Mr. Secretary at War,

Teller, for the Noe, lMr

So it was rrfolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of li is Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know llis Majesty s Pleasure, when He will be intended by this House.

Supply. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Naiiun. Scvenuight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iloufe, to consider further of the State of the

Nation.

Supply.

Wa\s and

Mcuiij.

Revived, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole 11 inife, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Mutiny and Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morn-lxiciuuo. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the hill for punishing Mutiny and Delation, and for the better Payment of the Aimy and their Quarters.

Government Rest, lvu!. That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

oi halt lmim night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Territories. House, upon the Rill for the better Government of the

Territorial Pollutions and Dependencies in Vol. 3ft.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Marine next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Forces, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty a Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2* die Martii Anno 24* Georgii IIPa Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the several Persons whose Newhaven Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners Urit)8e* and Trustees for repairing the Piers and Harbour of Neirhaven, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, by virtue of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier, or Piers, and Harbour of Newhaven, in the County of Sussex, are impowered to provide Sluices for cleansing and scouring the said Haven, and to borrow Money upon Security of the Duties granted by the said Act; and that the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of that Trust, and have, of late Years, greatly improved the said Harbour, and, through that, the Navigation and Trade of the Town and Port of Lewes-, and, the Drainage of the Levels and Low Grounds hath been, by the Means aforesaid, greatly improved and benefited; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a Bill should pass without proper Restrictions and Limitations, by which the Bed of the said River, and the Current of Water, may be preserved in their prefeu State, not the Drainage of the Levels only, and the scouring, cleansing, and preserving the said Harbour and Navigation, would be much endangered, but also the Security of such Persons who have lent Money upon the Credit of the above-mentioned Act would be diminished: And therefore praying, That the several Matters contained in their Petition may be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for building the said Bridge is committed; and that the Petitioners may be heard respecting the Matters of their Petition before the said Committee, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, Merchants,

Traders, and others interested in the Navigation of the River Ouse, and Harbour of in the County of Sussex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, without proper Clauses for restricting and limiting the Construction of such Bridge, it will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, by obstructing the Navigation of the said River and Harbour, and by lessening and impeding the Tides in their free Course, so as to cause Demurrage to the Craft navigated thereon; and that the Petitioners apprehend that there will be a strong Current at such Bridge, to the endangering of the Craft passing through the fame, and they have Reafnn to believe that an additional Freight for Goods carried in such Craft will be charged thereon, on Account of such Demurrage and Risque: And therefore praying, That the several Matters aforesaid may be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the 11 N Petitioners

966 3* Martii. A. 1784.

Petitioners may be heard before the said Committee, in Support of this their Petition, in such Manner as to die House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think (it

Army Mr. Rigby presented to the House, pursuant to their

I Niy matter's Orders,

Accouuu. A Paper, intituled, Return to an Order of the

" House of Commons, dated 23d of February 1784, 44 requiring that there be laid before that House, an " Account of the Balance of Public Money remaining " in the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, " late Paymaster General of the Forces, on the 13th " Day of November 1783 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated the 23d of February 1784, requiring that there be laid before that House, an Account of the Balance of all Public Money remaining " in the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, 44 late Pay matter General of the Forces, on the 19th " Day of November 1783 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the 41 House of Commons, dated the 23d of February 14 1784, requiring that there be laid before that House, an Account of all Monies imprested or " issued to the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late " Paymaster General of the Forces, upon or fmee the 44 13th Day of November 1783, with the Date or " Dates of the Time or Times when he received the u fameAnd also,

An Account of all Payments made by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, on Account of the Public Service, since the 13th Day of November 1783, with the Dates of each Payment.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

c.vfltara An ingrafted Bill to continue and enlarge the Term

Iioad. and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southamptonto the City of Chichester," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 27. To leave out " and, " and after Wright" to inlert Sir John 14 Carter, Knight, Richard man Temple, Samuel Atkins,

M Elias John Cou cher,

44 Richard Ma'nbnan, the Reve- rend John Ballard, I.L. D. Sir " Roger Curtis, Knight, Weston Var/o, Harry Gibbs, Senior, " Harry Gibbs, Junior, Thomas " Henry Cronrwell, John

44 Stephen Gazelee, Da-

44 Garrett, William Garrett,

44 the Reverend George Cuthbert,

44 John Arnaud, George Sir William Bennett, Richard " Stephen Barney, the

" Reverend Cooley,

" ses the Reverend

44 Moody Bingham, the Reverend

44 Francis Clifton, the Reverend Charles Blacks tone, William Deacon, James Deacon, Robert Thistlethwayte, and William Strong."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Coshamin the County of " Southampton, to the City of Chichester."

Ordered, That Mr. Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Barnstaple ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Third Road*.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Spaldine whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in High Bridge Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth R<wd*

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Do- ninglon, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the " Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone,

" in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lin- coin," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774» relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And

Mr. Fullwood Sanderson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and feme further and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , continuing and amending an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln: And that Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrington be added to the Carriage to Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring *ml .,oni B:e in a Bill for settling the Rates for the Carriage of *'01 "

07 Pud'cngers

24 Geo. III. 2° Martii.

Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from The Isle of IVig/it.

jtotbvey Sir PVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to liuuJ*. whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of to Tavern

Spile, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and alu rwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucfuon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotl'cd.

Dixon'* Mr. Butler, of H'est Loot, according to Order, re-

lvut u> the ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Crown. whom it was referred to consider of the Petition, as well of John Goddard, of Elm, in the County of

bridge, Fl’quire, one of the Sureties for Francis Dixon, late of I’pxtell, in the same County, Esquire, deceased,

Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, the Town and University of Cambridge, and the Isle of of the Rates and Duties upon lloufcs, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax, as allb, of John Mayer, of tVisbeach Saint Peters, in the same County, Gentleman, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, as Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax, together with a Certificate thereunto annexed; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Coin-miihuners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for veiling his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Mr. Bidler moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound u Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for veiling his Kliates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. , of

I Vest Looe, Mr. Philip Sir Henry Peyton, Sir EduardAstUy, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fir .‘brut* - The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according Preventing to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Bribery. Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the fame was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Receipt The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Doty. last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re-

" pealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Ex-u change, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand ;" and for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," might be read.

Vol. wU.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resoloed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as exempts certain Drafts and Orders therein described from Payment of the Stamp Duties therein mentioned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the feud Committee.

Mr."Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of the said Act, as exempts Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Money on Demand upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker, where such Draft or Order shall be made payable to Order, be repealed.

The feud Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution, upon the Third Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts, and for-indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of " Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demandand for granting New " Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and " other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts," as relates to Stamp Duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given and taken Receipts not stamped according to Law, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the BH1, by Way of Ryder, for repealing the Exemption on Drafts or Orders, pursuant to the above-mentioned Resolution.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that no Duty shall be paid on legal Notes drawn for Forty Shillings, or under.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting from the

968 2° — 3°

the Duties thereby imposed, Receipts for Drawbacks or Bounties, Certificates of Over Entries, and Portage Bills.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resokcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promifl'ory Notes, or other Notes, payable " otherwise than upon Demandand for granting " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promislory and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receipts;" and for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Bill of Exchange, Promifl'ory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. ~ Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make tire Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Kir. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the lime they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Confinement Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen under'seu- u are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to tence. provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Cri-

minals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Prisoners who are Sick.

Ditto. Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and also of Sick Prisoners: And the same was received; and read the Lirft Time.

Resokcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resokcd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole I louie.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Dinicun Campbell, Esquire, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

County Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

C40U. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Martii. 4.1784.

whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties."

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the D*bt», &e.*f United Company of Merchants of trading to I0*1*

The East Indies, attended at the Door; he w as called Company, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A printed Statement of die Debts, Credits, and Effects of the East India Company, made 1 ft 1783, by Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, Chairman of the said Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Statement is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3® die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP'' Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hughson, Constable of from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he the Tower, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ptnfuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies which have been issued from the Exchequer to the Constable of The Tower, since the Year 1730, distinguithing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from Goats Ilair,

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Amount of Duties received on the Importation into England of ordinary Goat’s Hair, or Goat's Wool, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1763, both inclusive; and from Christmas 1764 to Michaelmas 1783, both inclusive* dillinguilliing each Year: And also,

An Account of all the Drawbacks paid on the Reexportation from England of Ordinary Goats Hair, or Goats Wool, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1763, inclusive; and from Christmas 1764 to Michaelmas 1783, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Le.-Wn Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Inclosure. Parish of Wensley, in the North Riding of the County of

York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be.

Ptitles on Bum.

Carriage to and from the 1. of \\ ight.

Grant to

Baroness of Greenwich.

Edinburgh Siure KooUs.

Blaj/don

lucloiure.

24 Geo. III. 3* Martii.

969

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of and Parish

of I fats ley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Mastcrmando carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Xett Duties of Excile and Customs received on Hum imported from the India lilands into Great Britain for Ten Years past, to Christmas last; distinguishing each Year and each Island.

Mr. Barnnylonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Patlengers and Goods for Hire to and from the of Wight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of I-und, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park, or A<:r Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline Baronets id Gncuu ich, and her Heirs, for a full and

vuluuble Coni.d' ration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>cukcr resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

7 O

An inqrofled Bill for regulating, and rendering more ciTef'tua), the Exaction of the Statute Work, within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Koath in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the C redit of the Tolls arising within the District of Lasu'ade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said J ruftecs, and for further repairing the Roads within the said Dituict, v.as read the Third Time.

lit solved. That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute Work, within the Shire of Edinburgh. and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the lolls arising within the District of Laramie, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees, and for further repairing the Roads within the said Dili rift.

Ordered, That Mr. He my Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections Elections — of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second Preventlns Time. Bnbei>

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Commission-consider further of the Bill for appointing Commissioners er*' to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid " to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-three," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Ml-. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Form of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring that the Form and Mode of taking an Oath by certain Sco an ‘ Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland, shall be admitted instead of an Oath in the usual Manner.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Anstruther took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Anstruther reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Anstruther accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingTofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of B/agdon, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ho, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Wafie Lands, within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dauhoiy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 39.

Mr. Macdonald presented to the House, according to Papist’s Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of an<1 Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro- 1 s’ testant Purchasers: And the same w’as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Com- Totnes mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Hoads, appointed to put into Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

lid "An

97°

3° Mar lit. A. 1784.

King appoints to be attended.

British

Mufeam.

" An Act for amending and widening several Roads Ordered, That there be laid before this Ilouie, an leading from or near the North End of the Town and Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the " Borough of 7 otnes, in the County of Devon," whose Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure Names are tlhereunto subscribed, was referred; That the thereof.

Committee bad examined, und found that the Standing

Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774> relative The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, Commission* to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that " Copy of the Commission to Charles Earl CormcaUis to (r0,!!!ilb,e* the Committee had examined the Matter of the said " to be Constable of the Tower of dated 10th ult e uvvcr'

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as " January, nth Year of King George the Third and it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the also, the Account of all Pay, Eees, Perquisitcs, and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Allowances, payable to, or claimed by, the Constable of the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as the Tower of London, which w ere severally presented followeth; viz. to the House upon the 18th Day of February last, might

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said be read.

Act was read: And And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Richard Jackson, the Clerk and Treasurer to the A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, said Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Coin-have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and million appointing Lord George Henry Lennox to be have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Constable of the Tower of London.

Credit of the Tolls thereby granted — That there is now And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, the withdrawn.

Sum of 2,450 /., which cannot be repaid, nor the

Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term is A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion

further continued, and the Powers of the Act altered That the Acceptance of the Office of Constable of the r, flie<‘hl,g and enlarged. Tower of London, by Lord George Henry , being ^eimox*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to an Officer in the Army, does vacate his Seat as a Member enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the of this House;

Third Year of His present Majesty King George the It passed in the Negative.

Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, of Tot tics, in the County of Devon: And that Sir Philip to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Jennings Clerke and Mr. Broun do prepare, and bring to consider further of the Supply granted to His in, the fame. Majesty.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Committee.

Order of Monday last, humbly to know His Majesty’s Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by mittee.

this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Tomorrow, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

at His Palace of Saint James. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him being offered to be presented to the House; to report, when the House will please to receive the

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s fame.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow having been informed of the Contents of the said Morning.

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was House. _ > directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Leave to fit again.

Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the to consider further of the Supply granted to His Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was Majesty. reduced to a Capital of 30,0001. Reduced Bank

Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to 900l. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways and

was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the form- Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of Means.

ing their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His

for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, Majesty.

at sundry Times, obtained from this House various Sums Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

to supply the Deficiency, of their Income, which Sums, Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

together with the Salary allotted to the King’s Librarian Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

yearly, amounting to about 250/., have proved insufficient Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had

to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum; come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to

and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is report, when the House will please to receive the same.

not sufficient to defray the Expences of the current Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Year: And therefore praying the House to grant the Morning.

Petitioners such further Support, towards enabling them Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in directed by the Committee to move, that they may have them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learn- Leave to fit again.

ing ami useful Knowledge, os to the House shall seem Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-meet. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Tabic. railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

03 The

24 Geo. III. 3* — 4’Marti!. 971

The other Order of the Day being read;

Confinement The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Criminal* whole 11 oule, upon the Bill to provide Places for the onder i>eo- Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of

04* Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or

under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and allb of Sick Pri foners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>euker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill pleal'e to receive the same.

Order* d, 'I hat the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 4° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

fonfUbles of rV ' II F. House being informed that Mr. Lemon, from Tower. X the Holts Chapel, attended at the Door; he was culied in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfount to their Order,

A Lilt of the Names of those Persons who have held the Office of Constable of The Tower, since the Year 1700.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift w as read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Freuds Sir Charles Banbury reported from the Committee,

smon^ Wool- to w hom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Comb-combers. ing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Woifted, in the County of was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; tic.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Oakes being examined, informed your Committee, That the Yarns lpun in the County of Suffolk have, of late Years, greatly dccreased in their Value, occasioned principally, as the Witncls apprehends, by the Frauds and Abuses which are practised in the Keeling thereof — That many of the Spinners, being frequently so poor as not to be able to wait for Payment until they have executed the Whole of the Work they are employed in at one Time, Vo l. 39.

require to be paid for it in small Quantities as they proceed with it; the Manufacturers are therefore under the Necessity, as well for the Conveniency of themselves as of the Spinners, to appoint certain Shops or Places for the Spinners to deliver in their Yarn, from Time to Time, as they linish small Quantities of it, and to receive Payment for the fame; by Means whereof great Abuses are frequently practised by many of the Spinners in delivering Yarn badly spun, without the Possibility of being detested by the Manufacturers.

That, by several Laws now in being, certain Penalties and Punishments are inflicted upon Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn, or embezzle the Materials thereof; but that the good Effects of those Laws are in a great Measure frustrated within the said County, by the Unwiilingnels of Individuals to prosecute the Offenders, and thereby subject themselves to the Damage they might fuitain by the Resentment of the Persons who should be prosecuted; and that unless feme further Provisions and Regulations are made and established by Parliament, for preventing the said Frauds and Abuses, the said Manufacture mult greatly decline, to the great Prejudice of the Manufacturers, and the throwing out of Employ maoy Thousands of poor People.

Then an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, was read; by which it appeared, that Power was given for the Appointment of Inspectors, the better to detest the said Frauds and Abuses, and for prosecuting of Offenders.

And the Witness added, That he had Reason to believe, that in consequence of the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act, the Yarns spun in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, have greatly improved, and other good Effects have been produced thereby; and he also added, That if the like Provisions and Regulations were made and established in the County of Suffolk, he conceived the like good Consequences would be produced.

Mr. William Buck was examined, who confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Oakes; and added, That the Yarns of the County of Suffolk have declined in Value, compared with other Counties, particularly the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester; which is principally owing to the fraudulent Reeling of the Yarn.

The Witness then informed your Committee, That, in consequence of an Application to the Clerk of the Committee, appointed by the said Act of the Seventeenth of His present Majesty, enquiring touching the Effect and Operation of that Act, he had received a Letter from the said Clerk, Ly which it appeared, that the Manufacturers had derived very great Benefit from the Regulations established by that Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufiaftures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rous do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

Ways and Means,

East India Affairs.

.Answer to Address.

972 40 Martii. . 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and One thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The laid Resolution bcin<: read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported front the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The Rpiiort " of the Court of Directors of the United Company " of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, " in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable the " House of Commons, dated 23d January 1784," be taken into Confutation at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of " Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respefitive " Counties."

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty, this Day, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give the following Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I have already expressed to you how sensible I am of the Advantages to be derived from such an Administration as was pointed out in your unanimous Resolution; and 1 aiTured you that I was desirous of taking every Step most conducive to such an Objefit.

I remain in the same Sentiments; but I continue equally convinced, that it is an Objefit not likely to be obtained by the Dismission of My present Ministers.

1 mult repeat, that no Charge, or Complaint, nor any specific Objection, is yet made against any of them.

If there were any such Ground for their Removal

at present, it ought to be equally a Reason for not admitting them as a Part of that extended and united Administration which you (late to be requisite.

I did not consider the Failure of My recent Endeavours as a final Bar to the Accomplishment of the Purpose which I bad in View, if it could have been attained on those Principles of Fuirness and Equality, without which it can neither be honourable to those who are concerned, nor lay the Foundation of such a strong and liable Government as may be of lading Advantage to the Country; but I know of no farther Steps w l.icli I can take, that are likely to remove the Difficulties which obstrufit that desirable End.

I have never called in Question the Right of My Faithful Commons to odor Me their Advice, on every proper Occasion, touching the Exercise of any Branch of My Prerogative — I shall be ready, at all Times, to receive it, and give it the most attentive Consideration:

They will ever find Me disposed to shew My Regard to the true Principles of the Constitution, and to take such Measures as may bed conduce to the Satisfaction and Prosperity of My People.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Answer be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order made this Day for taking into Confide- East India ration, at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Affdira. Afternoon, the Paper, intituled, " The Report of " the Court of Directors of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to The East Indies,

" in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable the " House of Commons, dated 23d January 1784," being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Paper be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " ," and

inserting the Word " Tuesday" itiflead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Monday" Hand Part of the Question;

It pasted in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Tuesday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Paper be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yester- Elections — day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Preventir of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the BnUery. Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, 'That this House will, upon Monday Mom- County ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Gaolfc House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Afit, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, " An A fit to " enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols " in their respefitive Counties."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bradford CKeHecr of tl* Poor.

Motbvey, Scc.

Uoads.

Grant to Karonrfa of Cmuwich.

Birmingham

Caaal.

24 Geo. III. s6 Martii.

I eneris, 5* die Martii \

Anno 24* Georgii III"' Regis, 1784*

Prayers.

ABI LL for the Appointment of an additional

Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bradford, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill he committed to Mr. ruddockc, Mr. Goddard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone in the Parish of xey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of,

and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair; fcvorul other Roads within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of to

Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Johncs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossl'd Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Pe, formerly Part of the Pork there, culled Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline Baroness of -t rich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surra/, to Caroline Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Lav ley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, was

referral; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized, nor to raile any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the find Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bi/stone, and from thence to Authcrlcy, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn Vo 1.. 39-

and Trent, and for making Collateral Cute up to several Coal Mines: And also,

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the same Reign, to rectify a Mistake, and to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act: And also,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the same Reign, for making and maintaining a navi-bable Canal from a Place near Riders Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and also a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal, at

or near Fazcley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, were read: And

Mr. John Meredith being examined, said. That the Canal and Collateral Cuts authorized to be made by the said last mentioned Act, will communicate with the Canal and Collateral Cuts made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by the said first-recited Act — And he added, That nearly the Whole of the Proprietors of the said Two respective Navigations above mentioned are the same Persons; and it has been agreed, that the Two Navigations should be consolidated.

And, by a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, it is agreed, that the Coventry Canal Company shall relinquish that Part of their unfinished Works, which lies between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, to the said Birmingham and Fazeley Company, and the Company of Proprietors of The Trent and Mersey Navigation, who have agreed to execute the same at their joint Expence, under the Powers of the Act for making the Coventry Canal. Then

Mr. Meredith being further examined, said. That the Sanction of Parliament is necessary for carrying the said Agreement into Execution — And he added.

That a Power is wanting to alter the Mode of railing Money prescribed by the said Act of last Sessions, and feme further Explanation and Amendments are necessary to be made to the Clauses therein contained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed irr the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley; and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Johnes reported from the Committee, to whom Radnor, be, the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Road*, put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing " and widening several Roads in the Counties of " Radnor and Hereford,", was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Ithe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Meredith being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the

n P Act*

Plymouth, A.. Ro

S*U*^t ltiKh Bndtfe iUinik

Naiifutiu* U htufcL

974 5° Martii. . 1784.

Act, and have borrowed a contidcrable Sum of Money ti|K>n the Credit thereof, which has been applied ac-eordinji to the Directions of the said Act — That the

n t

Sum of 7,000l. and upwards, now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued — That the Roads leading from Gladestry to Whitney Bridge, leading through the Parish of Bn!ley, in the said County of Hereford, and from Whitney Bridge aforesaid by Mountain,

to where the Kington Turnpike ends; from Presteigne, by Gravesend, or Llandewy, to Rayader; from to the River Twolock, in die Road to Llanidloes; from Walton, by Knill Lime Rocks, to the Blacksmith’s Shop at Nash; and from Knill aforesaid to Rushock; from Knighton to Valcndrey, in the Road to and Llanidloes-,from Rayader to the Upper Bridge

upon Elian;and from the said Bridge to the River

Nalatog, in the Road to Cwmystwith; and also from the said Bridge to the Confines of the County of Cardigan, leading to Rhosefai are ruinous, narrow, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties: And that Mr. Johncs and Mr. Lewis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road fioin the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, through Frank ford Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate, next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the lame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Common Council Men of die Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon the loth Day of February last, might be again read.

And the fume being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by -their Coun-fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this In-liant March.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of Uie Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gosbertozcn, to the FJghth Mile Stone, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the navigable Rivers and Frill is in diat Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. limiter Blair, Mr. Dempster, the Lord Maitland, the Maiqni-j of Graham, Sir William Cunyngham, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jolliffe, the Kail of Surrey, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Ewer, Mr. Elices, Mr. Dunthe Lord Mtil-

grave, Sir Cecil 11ray, Mr. Sloane, the Lor

Mr. Goddard, Mr. Old, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Rolle, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir William Sir Janus

Cockburne, Mr. Mastcrman, Mr. Strutt, the Earl Ver-

tiey, Sir James Pennymun, Sir Edward Mr.

Strahan, Sir William Wake, and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland,

Durham, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Messieurs James Stein, John Stein, and Smu^sing. James Haig, and Company, Corn Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have embarked considerable Capitals in erecting Buildings, and providing Utensils and Materials, for carrying on the Corn Distillery under the Sanction of the Laws, and relying with Confidence that they would be protested by Government, and encouraged by Parliament, in carrying on a Business which it is so much the Interest of the Public to promote; and that the Petitioners find, from Experience, that the Trade in which they are engaged is materially injured, by the Quantity of Spirits smuggled from Foreign Countries, and by the illicit Practices of secret Distillers in Great Britain; and that a Diminution of the Duties would, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, prevent such illicit Practices, increase the Revenue considerably above its present Amount, and be of great Advantage both to the Landed Interest and fair Trader: And therefore praying, That this important Matter may be taken into Consideration, and that Relief may be afforded by such a Reduction of the Duties presently exacted, as may remove the Temptation to defraud the Revenue, and by such just and equal Restrictions and Regulations as may elieftually suppress the Frauds presently practised to the Prejudice both of the Revenue and of the fair Trader, or to do otherw ife, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the illicit Prafties now used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the fame.

A Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock Woodstock, through Kiddington and to

Lane; and from Ens/ow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Lord Chai'lcs Spencer, the Lord WenmanSee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of I’apirt* Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of and Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time. Wilis.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to a Committee of the w hole I Ioulc.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Duti*«oa Account of the per Cent. Duties on the Amount of the

0 Martii.

975

Old *jra:u Wui.

MuUiV ifttul

[Mci tiOii,

M IM»<? f wfv Co.

W.iV» aixi

Con fi item* nt ol Criminal* ui>W Njo-icue*.

24 Geo. IN. 50 — 8

the Duties on Sin Jc Brandy, Single Rum, Low Wines tVom Corn, Low Wines from Melufles, Spirits from Corn, Spirits from Melasses, Tea, Tea and Coflee Licences, and on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors for the Years ending the ,r,th of 1780

1781, 178.', and 1783, I’pccilying each Year, and each Article.

Ordard, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a ISurgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saram.in the County of H iIts, in the room of Pinch ncy Esquire,

dcceuled.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Lilt for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, mid for the better Pyament of the Army and their Quakers;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, icf'lve i: L If into the said Committee;

I lie I ionic divided.

The Yeas went forth.

... f The Lord Maitland,

K..uS or to

... , v' f Mi-. Eliot,

leaers lor the Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

{ 171-| 162.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into n Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Eoiccs while on Shore.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing J > midioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty, by a I.and Tax, to be raised " in Great Britain," for the Service of the Year one " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four together with those named in Two former Acts fotr appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the I a ft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three," was committed, be received upon Mi onlayMorning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morn-ng next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole Iloule, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the temporary Recep'ion of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation,' and also of Sick Prisoners, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the Ilonfe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol 3-j.

Luna, 8* die Martii;

Anno 24 Georgii IIP" Regis, 17S4.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt Coumj in the Gaol at Bath: And also, Gaols.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, confined for Debt in the Cattle of Chester: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors whose Names are thereunder written, being Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster j

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dillrels, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Nilbets into a Committee of the whole House, upon the in- Divorce, grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of JValter , Esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Masterman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Masterman reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Johnes presented to the House, according to Radnor, &c. Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Road*-enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- ' ing, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry Humphery, of Lewes, in the Newhavea County of Suffer, Esquire, was presented to the House, Bridge, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Ouse at Newhaven, in the County of St/ffet; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner and Proprietor of divers Houses in the Town or Village of Newhaven aforesaid, and like-: w'ife of divers Parcels of Land in the same Parish, and particularly of a Piece of Land called The Dock, or Ship Builders Yard, lying on the West Side of the said River, at a small Distance to the Northward from the Place where the said Bridge is proposed to be built, which Piece of Ground has, Time out of Mind, or at leal’t for a great Number of Years past, been used us a Dock, or Yard, for building, altering, and repairing of Ships or Vessels: and that the said Dock or Yard has lately been repaired and improved at a conliilerable Expence, and is convenient for building Ships and Vessels of great Burthen, as well for the l ie of Government as for the Merchants Service, and is, as the Petitioner apprehends, of great Public Utility, and at this Time there is building therein a.

Ship of the Burthen of 300 Tons, and upwards; and

representing

97^ 8° Martii. A. 1784.

representing to the House, That, if the said Bill should pals, and the Bridge should be built pursuant thereto, the same will stand across the said River between the Sea and the said Dock or Yard, and no Ship or Vessel will be able to pal’s from the said Dock or Yard to the Sea, nor from the Sea to the said Dock or Yard, and thereby the building and repairing of Ships and Vessels in the said Yard will be totally prevented, and the Property of the Petitioner in the said Dock or Yard be greatly Iclfancd in Value, and the Petitioner will be other wile greatly injured in his Property in the said Parish of Navhaven: And therefore praying. That tire several Matters contained in his said Petition may be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, and that the Petitioner may be heard concerning the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Kirlby Sir James Lout her reported from the Committee.

Liu»e head8*1 *° wh°,n the Petition of several of the acting Trustees

Hoad. for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Kirkby Steven High , in the County of Westmoreland through , to Greeta

" Bridge, in the County Palatine of and

" from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and " alfe, the Road 1 from the Four Lane Ends in waite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House,

" leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said " County of Westmorelandwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that Two of the Notices in the Newspapers had been published on the 7th and 14th Days of October)', and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; by which it appeared, that the same will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament — And the Books of the Trust were produced to the Committee; by which it appeared, that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and still remains due.

A Member present then informed the Committee, That a great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, but that the same cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Money due on the Credit of the Tolls be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Ixm in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster’, and from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaithe ,to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of And that Sir James Lout her. Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. James Lowtlier do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir Philip JenmngsClerke presented to the House, Totnes

according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Roads. Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Or- Militia Puy der, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and ?'ld Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain ,l8‘ called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eamcs and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brande’s for naturalizing Augustus Everard Brande, without any N,t* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wiggenhall Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the ®nunaSe' Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of WiggenhallSaint Mary Magdalen, in the County of

Norfolk "without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cumley’# Act to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and Iyame" his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Savile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile Baronet, deceased; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Morley Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and faclofom Waste Grounds within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. a "I After " notwithstanding " insert and > " Provided nevertheless, that no

3. J " such Lease shall be made but " with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of " the Diocese, and the Patron " or Patrons of the said Rectory."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Clerk Mercer*

of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at- ComP*l»y-tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled,." The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City London, from the 10th of October " 1782 to the 10th of October 1783, directed to be " laid before each House of Parliament by Two Acts,

06 " onr

Form of Ojth m

KutUud.

Thrift ( hurt ti id Alu.olrvrx, Twi, &c.

Tcp^m*.

1H XI I Q

K n^'i An-wcr.

24 Ge6. III.

" one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London and the other, of the Fourth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty King George " the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " the Rond and other Creditors of the Wardens and u Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London."

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the Paid Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this SclTion.

Ordered, That the Report front the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for declaring that the Torn) and Mode of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Proteliants of the ancient Church of shall be

admitted inftcud of an Oath in the usual Manner, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon // edncsday Morning next.

Mr. Ih/ng presented to the House, according to Order, a Riil for providing a Workhousc within the Parish of Christ Clmnh, in the County of Middlesex, and for railing Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts aluady contracted on Account of the Poor; and for fut (her regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the lone Parish: And the same was received: und read the l irftTimc.

1 usolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

Ordend, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration jlis Majesty *s Anl’wcr to the Address of this House, of the ift Day of this Instant March, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

His Majesty s said Answer was again read.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February 17S2, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to llis Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty, that the further Prosecution of Offensive Wur on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force, will be the Means of weakening the Efforts of this Country against her Enemies; tends,

under the present Circmnstances, dangerously to increase the mutual Enmity so fatal to the Interests both of Great Britain and America-, and, by preventing an happy Reconciliation with that Country, 10 fruftate the earileft De-lire, graciously espressed by llis Majesty, to rest ore the Rlcffmgs of Public Tranrpiillity, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was all’o moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of March 1782, ol tiic Resolution of the House, " 'That after the " file.nn Declaration of the Opinion of this House, " in their humble Address presented to His Majesty on Friday last, and llis Majesty’s Assurance of His " (iracious Iutcution, in pursuance of their Advice, " to take fuel) Measures as shall appear to His " M.ij< liy to be most conducive to the Restoration of " Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted " Colonies, so eticntial to the Prolperity of both, " this House will consider a* Enemies to His Majesty and llii-. Country all tl.ofe who shall endeavour to " liustrate llis Majesty’s Paternal Care for the Ease Yot. JD,

977

and Happiness of his People, by advlfing, or by any Means attempting, the further Prosecution of Offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of March 1782, of the Motion, " That this House (taking into Consideration the great Sums voted, and Debts incurred, " for the Service of the Army, Navy, and Ordnance, in " this unfortunate War, to the Amount of upwards of " One hundred Millions; and, finding that the Nation " has, notwithstanding these extraordinary Exertions,

" lolt Thirteen ancient Colonies belonging to the Crown " of Great Britain, the new-acquired Province of I Vest " Florida, and the Islands of Dominica, Saint

Grenada, Tobago, and Minorca, besides several valuable Commercial Fleets, of the utmost Importance " to the Wealth of this Country; and, that we are still " involved in War with Three powerful Nations in " Europe, without one Angle Ally) can have no further " Confidence in the Ministers who have the Direction " of Public Affairs," which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Representation be presented to His Majesty, must humbly to testify the Surprize and Affliction of this House, on receiving the Answer, which His Majesty’s Ministers have advised, to the dutiful and seasonable Address of this House, concerning one of the most important Acts of His Majesty’s Government:

To express our Concern, that when His Majesty’s Paternal Goodness has graciously inclined His Majesty to be sensible of the Advantage to be derived from such an Administration as was pointed out in our Resolution, His Majesty should still be induced to prefer the Opinions of Individuals to the repeated Advice of the Representatives of His People, in Parliament af-iembled, with respect to the Means of obtaining lo de-Arable an End:

To represent to His Majesty, that a Preference of this Nature is as injurious to the true Interests of the Crown, as it is wholly repugnant to the Spirit of our free Constitution: That Syltems founded on such a Preference are not in Truth entirely new in this Country: That they have been the characteristic Features of those unfortunate Reigns, the Maxims of which are now justly and univerlally exploded; while His Majesty and His Royal Progenitors have been fixed in the Hearts of their People, and have commanded the Respect and Admiration of all the Nations of the Earth, by a constant and uniform Attention to the Advice of their Commons, however adverse such Advice may have been to the Opinions of the Executive Servants of the Crown:

To assure His Majesty, that we neither have dif-puted, nor mean in any Instance to dispute, much less to deny. His Majesty’s undoubted Prerogative of ap|iointing to the executive Offices of State such Persons, as to His Majesty’s Wisdom shall feera meet; but, at the same Time, that we must, with all Humility, again fubntit to His Majesty’s Royal Wisdom, that no Administration, however legally appointed, can serve His Majesty and the Public with Effect, which does not enjoy the Confidence of this House: That in His Majesty’s. present Administration we cannot confide; the Circumstances under which it was constituted, and the Grounds: upon which it continues, have created -just Suspicionsin the Breasts of His Faithful Commons, that Principles are adopted, and Views entertained, unfriendly to the Privileges of this House, and to the Freedom of our excellent.

u Q ... Constitution -

8° Martiu

it €( ti € t

ti

8° Marta.

A, 1784.

Confutation: That we have made no Charge against ony of them, because it is their Removal, ami not their Pimiflunent, which we have desired; and that we humbly conceive, we arc warranted by the ancient Usage of this lloufe, to desire Inch Removal without making any Charge whatever: That Confidence maybe very prudently withheld, where no criminal Process can be properly instituted: That although we have made no criminal Charge against any Individual of His Majesty’s Ministers, yet with all Humility we do conceive, that we have stated to His Majesty very distinct Objections, and very forcible Reasons, against their Continuance: That with regard to the Propriety of admitting either the present Ministers, or any other Persons, as a Part of that extended and united Administration which His Majesty, in Concurrence with the Sentiments of this House, con-liders as requisite, it is a Point upon which we are too well acquainted with the Rounds of our Duty to presume to oiler any Advice to His Majesty, well knowing it to be the undoubted Prerogative of His Majesty to appoint His Ministers, without any previous Advice from either House of Parliament, and our Duty, humbly to offer to His Majesty our Advice, when such Appointments shall appear to us to be prejudicial to the Public Service:

To acknowledge with Gratitude His Majesty’s Goodness, in not considering the Failure of his recent Endeavours as a final liar to the Accomplishment of the gracious Purpose which His Majesty has in View; und to express the great Concern and Mortification, with which we find ourl'elves obliged to declare, that the Conlbla-tion, which we (liould naturally have derived from His Majesty's Most Gracious Disposition, is considerably abated, by understanding that His Majesty’s Advisers have not thought fit to suggest to His Majesty any farther Steps to remove the Difficulties which obstruct so definable an End:

To recall to His Majesty’s Recollection, that His Faithful Commons have already submitted to His Majesty most humbly, but most distinctly, their Opinion upon this Subject: That they can have no Interests but those of His Majesty, and of their Conltituents; whereas it is needless to suggest to His Majesty’s Wisdom and Dil’ccrnment, that individual Advisers may be actuated by very different Motives:

To express our most unfeigned Gratitude for His Majesty's Royal Assurances, that He does not call in Question the Right of this House to offer their Advice to His Majesty, on every proper Occasion, touching the Exercise of any Branch of His Royal Prerogative, and of His Majesty’s Rcadinels, at all Times, to receive such Advice, and to give it the most attentive Consideration: To declare, that we recognize in these Gracious Expressions those excellent and constitutional Sentiments, which we have ever been accustomed to Itear from the Throne, since the glorious jEra of the Resolution, and which have peculiarly characterized His Majesty and the Princes of His Illustrious House: But, to lament that these Most Gracious Expressions, while they inspire us with additional Affection and Gratitude towards His Majesty’s Royal Person, do not a little contribute to increase our Sulpicions of those Men who have advised His Majesty, in direct Contradiction to these Assurances, to neglect the Advice of His Commons, and to retain in His Service an Administration, whole continuance in Ollice we have so repeatedly and so dif-tinftly condemned:

To represent to His Majesty, that it has anciently been the Practice of this House, to withhold Supplies until Grievances were redrefied; and that, if we were to follow this Courl’e in the present Conjuncture, we lhouhl be warranted in onr Proceeding, as well by the most approved Precedents, as by the Spirit of the oj

Constitution itself: Rut if, in Consideration of the very peculiar Exigencies of the Times, we flionid he induced to wave, for the present, the Exercise, in this Instance of our undoubted legal and constitutional Mode of obtaining Redress, that we humbly implore His Majesty not to impute our Forbearance to any Want of Sincerity in our Complaints, or Distrust in the Justice of our Cause:

That we know', and are fore, that the Prosperity of His Majesty’s Dominions, in former Times has been, under Divine Providence, owing to the Harmony which has, for near a Century, prevailed uninterruptedly, between the Crown and this House: That we arc convinced, that there is no Way to extricate this Country from its present Difficulties, but by pursuing the same System to which we have been indebted, at various Periods of our History, for our Suceelles Abroad, and which is at all Times so necessary for our Tranquillity at Home: That we feel the Continuance of the present Administration to be an Innovation upon that happy System: That we cannot but expect, from their Existence under the Displeasure of this House, every Misfortune naturally incident to a weak and distracted Government: That, if we hud concealed from His Majesty our honest Sentiments upon this important Crisis, we should have been, in some Degree, responsible for the Mischiefs which are but too certain to ensue.

That we have done our Duty to His Majesty, and our Constituents, in pointing out the Evil, and in humbly imploring Redress: That the Blame and Re-fponlibility must now lie wholly upon those who have presumed to advise His Majesty to act in Contradiction to the uniform Maxims which have hitherto governed the Conduct of His Majesty, as well as every other Prince of His Illustrious House; upon those who have disregarded the Opinions and neglected the Admonitions of the Representatives of His People, and who have thereby attempted to set up a new System of Executive Administration, which, wanting the Confidence of this House, and acting in Defiance to our Resolutions, must prove at once inadequate, by its Inefficiency, to the necessary Objects of Government, and dangerous, by its Example, to the Liberties of the People;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{e 1 Igl

Tellers for *.»«{}£; S„M: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said lleprcfention be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this Iloufe as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Iloufe to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into tire said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve

Mutiny and Deitrtiun.

Strife of til# Nation.

County

Gaolt.

Tarme K* rce*.

I.anrl Tax

C’otuuiiUiun-

Cl-S

Supply.

oqJ Kic^ua.

24 Geo. III.

rrfolvc itiHf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of " Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective " Counties.'’

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Hself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in F.xecution an Act of this Scliion of Parliamnit, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be " raiful in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

" One thousand Seven hundrctl and Eighty-four," togi tluT with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the I^tnd Tax, and with those named in an Act of tha last Session of Parlia* went, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-tlnce," was committed, be received this Day.

lies''b ed, That this Iloufe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itIclf into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to coulider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlllf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

97 9

Martis, 9* dMartii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1784.

Pray e rs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Milbet’s to dissolve the Marriage of Walter , Esquire, Divorce, with Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Masterman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Planta, from British the Trustees of The British Museum, attended at the Museum. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of all the Sums granted towards the Support of The British Museum;with a State of the Application of the lall Parliamentary Grant: And also,

A General Account of The British Museum for the Year 1783; with an Eftiinate of the Income and Expence of The British Museum for the Year 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Papers, containing the said States,

Account, and Estimate, were read.

The said Papers are as follow; viz.

8° — 9° Martii.

(N* 1)

STATE of all the Sums granted by Parliament towards the Support of The British Museum.

Voi.. 39.

(N° 2.)

Britishi

Museum.

980 9° Marlii. A. 1784.

(N' 2.)

STATE of the Application of the 3,000l. granted by Parliament to the Trustees of

The British Museum, in 1782.

£. s.

Received at the Exchequer (Fees deducted)

2,842 2 6

Of which the Trustees invested a Part in 1,703 / 19J> 4 d. Bank Ann. 3 ConC for

which they paid ——

Appropriated to the current Expences

I-

973 7 10 1,868 14 8

2,842 2 6

The above Fund of 1,703 /. 19 s.4 d.B. A. 3 Cent. Red. produced by One Year’s Interest,

due July 5, 1783, accounted for in the General State of that Year (N* 3.) -

by One Half Years D*, due January 5th, 1784> accounted for in the Estimate for that Year (N* 4.) - ----....

By Sale, accounted for in the said Estimate - " " ' " " "

51 2

25 11 943 n 1,020 5

4

2

6

(N- 3 )

D

eg'

t — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

c

r

u

(N- 3)

GENERAL ST AT E of the ACCOMPTS of the British Museum, from the 1783 to 1 Jan. 1784.

D'

To Expenditures; vit>

Salaries and Wages -

Board Wages

Firing

Candles

Rent and Taxes -

1 Repairs

] Insurance -

Book Binding

Stationery Ware

Printing Expences

Garden Expences

Incidents -

£. #. d.

937 8 —

101 8 —

103 4 —

15 10 —

Q17 14 8

211 15 2

60 10 6

208 1 6

23 10 4

66 5 6

85 — —

>54 18 1

.185 5 9

By Balance of Culh of tLe Year 178a.

By a Year's Dividend on the General Fund of 30,000 L Bank Annuities, 3 pr Cent. Reduced, to 10 OcY 1783 ——

By Five Quarters Salary, from 5 Apr. 178a to 5 July 1783, tec4 at the Exchequer as King's Librarian ——

By a Year's Dividend on 1,703 /. 19 s. 4 rf. Bank Ann. 3 p. Cent. Conf. (being the Investment of 973/. 71. 10 (I. that remained unexpended of the last Parliamentary Grant of the Year

178*2) to 5 July 1783....

Balance owing to the Cashier for so much advanced beyond the Sum in Hand -

c

£. s. d.

900 15 11

900 — — 311 9 *

51 4

*,i<53 7 9 ai 18 —

2,185 5 9

(N* 4.)

ESTIMATE of the British Museum's Current Expence and Income, for the Year 1784.

Balance owing to the Cashier on last Year's Acc Expence of the whole Year, rated as the lad -

1

£, *. . £.f d.

<21 18 — Dividend recd for 6 Months Int. due 5 Jan. 1784, on 1,7032. 19s. 4 d. Bank Ann. 3 p. C*

Consol. bought with the unexpended Remainder of last Pari* Grant - - - 35 11 a

2,185 5 9 Sale of the above-mentioned 1,703 /. 19s. 4 d* B, A. 3 p. C. Consol. at 55$ p. C*. deducting

a/, nr. 6 d. Comm11 ------- -- 943 11 6

The Year's Dividend on 30,000l. Bank Ann. 3 p. C. Red. ----- 900 — —

King's Librarian's Salary, Four Quarters expected to come in - 349 3 "

Income ----- 2,118 4 8

Deficiency for the current Year - - - 88 19 1

3»3°7 3 9 £. a,a®7 3 9

James Matthews, Accomptant. Jan. 1784*

o

W

o

VO

vo

00

2 w

c 2 C

s

Boroui;h-bridge Road.

Swindon, &<*. Road.

Ihucklrv, ^c. Road.

Kickc's, &c. Is at.

Lowes*

Nbtue.

Land Tax Conuniiiion-

fMS.

Alnwick

Inclokire-

982 9* Martii. A. \^ 84.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr.Spcaker,

The Ixmls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Borougl/bridin the County of York, to Cat/ieriek, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River; without any Amendment: Ami also,

The Lords have ngrecd to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the " Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near the " Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the " Town of Alurlborough, and from the said Town " of Marlborough to the Village of 'ey, in the County of Hills'," without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the down of Hinckley, to LutlenrorthTran's End, and from or near

the Guide Post at JValcotloan's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Field,

in the County of Northampton; without anyAmcndment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Del levlionaventura and John iL /try Jlecker;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable David Edu ard Lewes, Esquire, to take, ule, and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursu.mt to the Will of Richard Lloyd, lute of H erne in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by " a [.and 'l ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-thrce," w as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once reud throughout; and then a Second 'lime, One by One; and, upon the Question level ally put thereupon, w ere, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrolled.

A Petition of Eight of the Four and Twenty, or Common Council, and the rest of the Free Burgesses of Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland, whose 01

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for adjusting and finally settling all Matters in Dispute and Difference between the Four and Twenty, or Common Council, and the rest of the Freemen of Almcick; for establishing find confirming the Rights and Interests of the Freemen to their several Estates and Properties, and for their more effectual and complete Enjoyment thereof in future; for authorizing an immediate Improvement of a considerable Part of Alnwick Moor; for establishing a new Free School on an approved Plan, and of the moll general Utility, for the Education of the Freemens Children, and for other Purposes therein contained; and Alleging, That such Bill, if passed into a Law, will prove injurious, oppressive, and fatal to the Franchises, Rights, and Privileges of the Petioners, and the rest of the Free Burgesses of Alnwick aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard before the House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble Hugh Duke and Earl of Northumberland, and of the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the humble Petition of the Right honourable Algernon

o o

Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, end of the Chamberlains and Four and Twenty, or Common Council, and the rest of the Freemen of the Borough of Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland, anil of the Widow s of deceased Freemen of the find Borough, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir Charles Banbury presented to the House, accord- Frauds ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing *n»ong Wool-Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed comber!1, in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lewes’ enable David Edward Lewes, Esquire, to take, use, and Naow. bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd, late of /Verne Neuith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased, was reud the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Laws respect-what Proceedings have been had in the Execution of an ‘"8 hanf-Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, PortaU,n>Ac-intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Law s relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other " Punishment of certain Offendersand to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Eden, Sir Gilbert Elliot, the Lord Beau-chump, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir John Eden, Sir Horace Mann,

Mr. Hussey, Sir Cecil if ray, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Frede-

rick Montagu, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Alderman Saxe Mr. Brett, Mr. Baker, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Alderman Nexen bam, Mr. Lithe Lord 'ey,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Barroxc, Mr. Dutton, General Burgoyne, Sir ICatki Mr. bert, Mr. Ewer, Kir. Elices, Mr. , Mr. Vyner,

Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. St. John, the Lord Newhuven,

Mr. Marsham, Mr. Pochin, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Ashby,

Sir George Cornacall, Mr. Alderman Mr. Jen-

kinson, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, the Lord

Lord

Duty on \\ iut*, &c.

Cudmus.

Wu* Duties*

Dixon’s I>e >i to tht Crown.

Confinement of Criminal* u ruler Sentence.

Mutiny and

Desertion.

Ei*t India Affairs.

24 Geo. III.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Strahan; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, Sea Officers, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wines, Spirits, and Rum, which paid a Duty to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 178:2 to Christmas 1783, as far as the same can be made up, specifying the Out Ports whole Accounts have not yet been received by the Inspector General of Imports and Exports; together with the Totals of Inch Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all Articles which paid more than One thousand Pounds to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of Duty on each Article, from Christmas 178*2 to Chrismas 1783, as soon as the same can be completed; together with the Totals of lueli Duties.

983

" in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable the " House of Commons, dated 23d January 1784 Ordered, That the said Paper be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the Marine whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Force*. Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

90 — 10 M

Ordered, That th^rc be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Duty on each Article of W ine, which paid a Duty to the Customs, from Christmas 1774 to ( hristmas l 783, as soon as the same can be completed, Ipccitying each \ car, together with the Quantities of each Article, uikI the Amount of the Duties on each Article; together with the Totals.

Mr. nailer, of II c*t T.ooe, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of H is Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixo Esquire, deceased, and his Surctii s; and for veiling his Estates in Trul'toes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jiesolted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during I lis Majesty’s Plea-litre, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, und also of Sick Prisoners, was committed, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. S|K*aker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George lhncard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Pa|>cr, intituled, " The Report of " the Court of Directors of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Vol. 39.

Mercurii, 10° dieMartii;

Anno 24* Georgii III'" Regis, 1784.

Praters.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Receipt Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Duty-Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging " a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than " upon Demand; and for granting new Stamp Duties " on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes,

" and also Stamp Duties on Receipts;" and for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to*Law; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from Duties on the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Spirits -was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the per Cent. Duties on the Amount of the Duties on Single Brandy, Single Rum, Low Wines from C.orn, Low Wines from Melasses, Spirits from Corn, Spirits from Melasses, Tea, Tea and Coffee Licences, and on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, for the Years ending the 5U1 July 1780, 1781, 1782, and 1783, specifying each Year and each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Marine Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Force*.

the

Elections —

preventing

bribery.

Spalding High Bridge Roods.

County

Gaols.

io° Martii. A. 1784.

the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hatl directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Doninglon, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gosbertou to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of JVigtoft, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVray, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the internal Regulation of Gaols.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair

Mr. Rode took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Rode reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that diey may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That Reprc»«nta-

their Representation of Monday last had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same graciously.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Exportation last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for of buckram*, granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British *

" and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish " Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton " mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed " in Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, 'I o-morrow Alom-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Air. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Chelsea suant to their Address to His Majesty, HospiuL

Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784.

Air. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth j vis.

ESTI A1 ATE

24 Geo. III.

io° Martii.

985

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out Pensionera of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784.

18,543 Out Pensioners, at 5^. per Diem each, from 25th Decern' 1783 to 24th Decern' 1784 -

402 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diem each -

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each -

18,976

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

£ i d' £. s. d.

386 6 3 141,390 7 6

20 2 — 7,356 12 —

1 3 3 425 9 6

407 11 6 149,172 9 —

To make good the Charge of such Invalids as may return from different Garrisons,

&c. and for such others as may be admitted Out Pensioners, for the Year 1784? upon Account -

Total for Out Pensioners -

To the Agent of Out Pensioners, per Annhm

For Kent of a House for Examination of Out Pensioners

£. 1,000 200

Total Charge

Towards defraying which, may be applied the following Sums; viz.

Out of the Poundage deduced by Act of Parliament from the Pay of the Out Pensioners, &c. ——

The Amount of Poundage and Hospital, included in the Sums already voted for 1784, for the Two Troops of Horse Guards, Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and the Three

Regiments of Foot Guards

1,200 -

9,863 15 4

Remains to be provided for

12,000 — — .

161,172 9 —

1,200 — — .

162,372 9 —

11,063 15 4

151,308 13 8

War Office, 10 March 1784.

Geo. Y

Vol. 39.

11 S

ESTIMATE

i o® Mar tit,

A. 1784.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1784.

The Charge of the Pay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers -

Clothing for D*....

1,266 7

909 11

d.

91

5

Salaries of Governor, and other Officers, according to the Establish-nient - -- - Board Wages, and Table, for D* - 2,871 9 — 503 15 —

c , . fOf Deputy Treasurer, by His Majesty’s Warrant -a ar, ts^()f Secretary and ^egilter, by D* 600 — — 300 — —

Surgeon and Apothecary, for their Expenditures ----- Ordinary Repairs of Chelsea Hospital ----- Extraordinary D* - -- - 1,800 2,953

Tradesmen -

Provisions, and other Necessarips -Contingencies and Extraordinarie*

£ d-

2,175 19 21

3,375 4 —

900-----

2,374 4 3

4,753 -

3,745 17 8,176 18 — T 3,045 10 9*

Total

28,55* 14 2-J-

Towards defraying the above Charge, there may be applied out of the Poundage deduced by Act of Parliament from the Out Pensioners ——

6,858 12 41

Remains to be provided for

21,693 1

9*

War Office, 10th March 1784-

Geo. Y

Ordered, That the said Estimatcs do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Chrifr* The Ilonfe was moved, That an Act, made in the

K-uiiuiitrs. Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital " at Chelsea," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend lo much of the said Act, as relates to the Application of the Poundage deducted from the Pcnlions payable to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital: And that Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Mutiny and Sir George Howard, according to Order, reported iioiuruon. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dclertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committal, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Custom* Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- on Alien* cond, intituled, " A Subsidy granted to the King of GooJ*,&c. " Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money " payable upon Merchandize exported and imported," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in IJis Majesty’s Customs," might lie read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of IIis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America;

" for continuing, amending, and making perpetual,

" an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" " An Act for the better securing and encouraging " the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in " America;" for applying the Produce of such Du-

" ties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said " Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending,

" protesting, and Iecuring the said Colonies and " Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the

02" Twenty-fifth

24 Geo. III. io" — i

41 Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the " Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade;" and for " altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being rend accordingly;

Resolved, That this lloulc will, Tomorrow Morning, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly; *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above w hat arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and 'l'ear and Ordinary, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Rqxjrt be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ilia Majesty.

FormofOnth The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

in Scotland, into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring that the Form and Mode of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protcltants of the Ancient Church of Scotland, shall be admitted instead of an Oath in the ufuul Manner, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

l and Tax

Comntif-

duutTS*

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great 4‘ Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the Lift beflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three," w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, in-Yoj.. 39.

i° Martiu 987

tituled, 44 An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

44 by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three."

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* and ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and allb of Sick Prisoners, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from Duties on the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; Rum-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Duties of Excise received on Rum imported from the West India Islands into England, for Ten Years pall, to 5th July last; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 11° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E by Sir Francis Gentle-

man Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s p0yal Assent Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several to Bills. Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of tire Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to tire

laid

11° Martii. ' A. 1784.

fuid Dills; mul that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Karl of Mansfield, and the Lord Osborne, named ullo in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Uoyal Ail'cnt to the fail! Dills; which Dills are as follow eth; viz.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of 11 is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Dills of Exchange, Promill’ory Notes, or other Notes, payable u otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promill’ory " and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Receiptsand for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Dill of Exchange, Proiniflory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of , and the Purishes of Charlton, River,

Lydtlen, Coldred, East Langdun,/Test Langdon, Ring-

tcould. Saint Margaret's at Cliff, otherwise

Beans fa LI, Gaston, llottglianiotherwise Huff ham, Coyle

Ic Jem, and Alhhani, and also the Liberty of Dover

Castle, in the County of Kent.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and prderving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and " Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint " Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norf olk."

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from BramcotcOdd House, in the County of Notting-

ham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from to the Towns of

llearmr and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowellin the County of Nottingham, to the Town

of Nottingham, except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mill, through

IVdwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill to

and from llelwyn, through to Hit in the County of Hertford.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Filth Year of the Reign of His pre-lint Majesty* for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Palfuge M ay in Kingswear, opposite Dartmouth

ness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and,

towards Abbott's Kerswell, to Lanes, and from

Langur's Barn to the said Turnpike ltoad between Nru ton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton borough to Monk's Bridge and Brirham Quay; and from

Langver's Barn to the North End of Town,

all in the County of Devon.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Ilcign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lost wit hid Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in tire County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Euan

Lamhorne, and from Dennis H ater to Three Hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him in the Parish

of Saint Just, in the said County. *

An Act for enlarging the 'Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End-, and from or near the Guide Post at Town's End,

in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Wei fordFit hi, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Borough bridge, in the County of York, to Catherich, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening " the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near the " Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the " Town of Marlborough, and from the said Town of " Marlborough to the Village of Everlcy, in the County " of Wills."

win Act for dividing and inclosing Several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby.

An Act to enable the Honourable Richard and his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Savi/e, pursuant to the M ill of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased.

An Act to difl’olve the Marriage of Walter,

Esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now' M ile, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing Augustus Everard Braude.

An Act for naturalizing Detlev Bonaventura and John Henry Hecker.

A Bill for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Carriage to Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from The Isle of 1';oni ll,e

Wight, was read a Second 'Time. Ille ot" *bu

Resolved, That the Dill be committed to Mr. Barrington, Mr. Sloane, See.: And they are to meet thig Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Mutiny and tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Dcft-rtwu. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Delation, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Convi^s Report, which, upon the ill Day of April 1779, was C0"Unm^ made from the Committee who were appointed to 111 consider the several Returns which had been made to the Order of this House, of the llith Day of 1778, " That there be laid before this House, an " Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Misdemeanors, and nowr under Sentence of Iinprifonment in the Gaols and Houlls of Correction in the City of London, and the Counties of Mithllcsc.c,

" Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, specifying " their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term " for which, and by what Court, each Person has " been imprisoned; together with an Account of the " Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons, and in what Manner they arc employed." and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be printed, as shall be futlieient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of Ditto* the County of Salop, at the Assize for the said County, bolden the llith of August 1783, was predated to the

House, *

Marine

Fora*.

Exportation of lluckramSj Ac*

Flexion* —

Preventing

Bribery.

Fiport of 1 litre Mans *c„

24 Geo. III. i i° . 989

House, and read 5 Setting forth, That the said County has sustained great Injury and Inconvenience for some Years pa ft, respecting the Infliction of due and ac-customed Eunishment upon Offenders not sentenced to die, or intended to suffer capitally; and that the same Difficulties and Inconveniences still subsist, and the Gaol for the said County is at this Time crowded with Convicts, from whom much Danger of Escape, as well as infectious Dil’temper, may arile, and may spread firit among iVifouers of every Denomination, and afterwards extend its< If to the adjacent Parts of the County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, there is an absolute Ne-ceffitv for the Interposition of the Legislature, to prevent the Continuance of those Inconveniences, by an expeditious Removal of the Convicts from the Places of their Imprilimment to the Places of their Destination; but that the prrfi nt Laws appear to hcdefcfiive, and new ones may Ik? necetlaty to effectuate this Purpose: And therefore praying, That Parliament will take the Matter into their most lrriou.s C'onlideratioti, and adopt such Means of Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Pill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Maiinc l orces while on Siiore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved., That the Pill do pals: And that the I itle l>c. An Act for the Regulation of llis Majesty s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the lait SelTiun of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty " upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams u and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British " Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, il printed, painted, ltained, or dyed in Great Britain" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sfan/a/ took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanlci/ reported from the Committee, That he w as directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Party, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, in Elections of Members to ftrvc in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Kqrort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Scvcnnight, the 19th Dav of this Initunt March.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fufti-cient for the lTlu of the Members of the I loul'e.

Mr. 11 at son reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of Ism don and ll tslmin.sUr,in the Borough of South-

nark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare W ool, Coney Wool, Goat’s Wool, and other Vot. 39.

Materials, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Collinson, being examined, said. That the

Hat Manufactory of this Kingdom is a very considerable Branch of Trade, in which several Thousand British Subjects are employed — That Hare Wool and Coney Wool, the Growth of this Country, are better in Quality than any other, whereby the English Hats have acquired such Reputation, that great Quantities of them are exported to Foreign Parts — That he has worked Hare Wool and Coney Wool imported from different Foreign Countries, and has found by Experience that the same is greatly inferior to that of Great Britain, and cannot he worked up so well without a Mixture of the English — That ot late Years very little of the said Articles have been imported, owing, as the Witness apprehends, to their being detained for the Supply ot Foreign Manufactures.

The Witness further laid, That Turkey Goat’s Hair, or Wool, is a very material Ingredient in the Hat Manufactory. Then,

Mr. John Harris confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That the said Turkey Goat’s Hair, or Wool, pays a Duty of about Six Pence per Pound on Importation, rather more than Four Pence of which is drawn back by Foreigners when exported.

This Evidence respecting the above Duty was confirmed by Mr. Philip (owe;who said he was of Opinion that the taking oft the Duty on Importation of this Article would he a great Encouragement to the Hat Manufactory, the said Duty being Ten per Cent, upon its average Value at thi> Market

Mr. If’illiam li a!deck being then examined, said, That ow ing to the superior Excellence of British Hare and Coney Wool, considerable Quantities have lately been exported to France, Flanders, and America; that the Orders for Exportation have been so great that they could not be executed.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That an Agent for a House in Flanders had given him Orders for Ten, Twenty, or more Thousands of Skins, and that the Witness had fold him Two hundred Pounds Weight of Hare’s Wool, which was exported — That he had fold several Parcels to other Agents, which he had Realbn to believe were for the Purpose of Exportation to Foreign Markets — That if he had had the Skins he could have fold them for Nine Shillings per Dozen, which was an exorbitant Price, the medium Price being from Six to Seven Shillings per Dozen.

Mr. Collinson being again examined, said, That if the present Exportation of Hare Wool and Coney Wool is not prevented, he is of Opinion, there will not be n sufficient Quantity left in the Kingdom to supply the Demands of the Manufactory — And be it further of Opinion, that if the Exportation was prohibited, the Manufactory of tins Country would consume the whole Quantity grown; as great Numbers of British Hats, from their superior Excellence, are exported to Foreign Markets — That there are at present many Manufacturers out of Employ, ow ing to the Scarcity of Materials, which the Witness believes is occufioned by the Quantity exported. And

Mr. Thomas IVontneradded, That he had discharged Eight Men, out of Twenty-four, upon the above Account, having at the same Time Orders for Hats which he could not complete.

11 T Ordered,

99°

n" Martii. A. 1784.

Insolvent Debtors.

Form of Oath in Scotland.

Supply.

Militia Vny and Clothing.

Confinement of Criminals under Sentence.

Ordered, That tl»e laid Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certuin Cafes: And that Mr. and the Lord Beauchamp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for declaring that the Form and Mode of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland, shall be admitted instead of an Oath in the usual Manner, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tl»e Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the Ancient Church of Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty‘s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,’ upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-tilth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-tour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and also of lick Prisoners, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and letting them on Work," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Y'car of the Iteign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Robbery. Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the

" more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool; and for declaring the Law upon " some Points relating to Pirates," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Papists resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aiKi upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of ' 1 s‘ Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protellant Purchasers;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the feud Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con- East India federation the Paper, intituled, " The Report of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of " England trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable the House of Com*

" mons, dated 23d January 1784;"

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Select Committee: And that they do examine the several Articles and Matters contained therein; and do report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Monday next, at Three of the Clock, prepare Lifts to be put into Glasses of Fifteen Persons Names to be the feud Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

The other Order of the Duy being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Customs on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Alien# to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Goo‘,*» Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A " Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and " Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon " Merchandize exported and imported;" and also of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, M An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in " his Majesty’s Customs; and also of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in America; for " continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act,

" pall'cd in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing and encouraging the Trade of His

O ~ O

" Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America;’' for applying " the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise " by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said u Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made " in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles " the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for " the better securing the Plantation Trade;" and for " altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports

06 " from

Pdi*n-

biokvri.

PeMort

i’ctitioiu

Exportation «>l Huckraait, &c.

Lever's

Mu*euin,

24 Geo. III. 11° — 120 Martii. 991

" from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing " the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the " said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and " fmiring the Trade between the same and Great " lirit, tin."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Anno 24* Georgii III,a Regis, 1784-Phateus.

AIM L L to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punillinient of " Persons w ho shall attain, or attempt to attain Possession *' of Goods or Money by fall'c or untrue Pretences; for '* preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of Goods paw ned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, " Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the feme relates to Pawnbrokers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Xavnham, Mr. JVat son, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in Gaol, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House tins Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon the " Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Til- lettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, " painted, stained, or dyed in Great That he

was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and

Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Sta/dcy moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Provifruns of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, printed, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Stanley, Sir Thomas and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gascoyne Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition and Representation of Sir Ashton Vol. 39.

Lever, Knight, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and Repre-fentation; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in )ms Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition and Representation, Mr. Thomas Waring being examined, laid, That he had been Manager and Superintendent of the Collection of Natural and Artificial Curiosities, belonging to Sir Ashton Lexer, ever since it was brought to London in the Year 1775 — That Sir Ashton Lexer had been diligently employed, for Twelve Years before that Time, in forming his Collection — That it consists of Natural Curiosities, and Productions of Art; and that the various Specimens and Articles are in Number upwards of 26,000, which have been selected from more than 150,000 that have been in Sir Ashton Lever's own Possession, exclusive of a great Number procured from Foreign Cabinets — 'That his Collection is the most extensive and valuable of any in England, and contains many Articles not to be found in any other — That, according to his judgment, Sir Ashton Lever mult have expended at lead 40,0001, in making his Collection, and that it may probably have cost him near 50,000 — That Sir Ashton has, from Time to Time, received considerable Presents of curious Things, bat that the preparing those Articles for Public InspeCbion has put him to a considerable Expence — That if the Collection shall be kept in a Place proper for its Reception, and due Care and Attention be given to it, the Articles may be preservd for Ages in their present beautiful and perfect State; and that the Expence of keeping it at Leicester House, where it now is, amounts Annually to about 1,200 of which 660 Z. is paid for House Rent and Taxes. — And being asked, How the Public are' admitted to the Sight of the Collection ? be said, On paying a certain Sum for each Person’s Admission; and that the Money collected by those Means has amounted, from the Opening of it in February 1775 to the present Time, to about the grofe Sum of 13,5001. — And the Witness added. That, in his Opinion, it would be a great Loss to Sir Ashton Lexer, to dispose of his Collection by the common Way of Sale. Then, 4

Mr. Thomas Tenant, being examined, laid. That he had been upwards*of Twenty Years a Collector of Subjects of Natural History, and had seen all the Cabinets of Curiosities, both public and private ones, of any Note, in Holland, France, and Portugal, and those of Brussels, Dresden, Brunswick, and Vienna; and had also seen the Spanish Cabinet while collecting in Holland — That he had never seen any Collection mere rare, more curious, or more instructive, than Sir Ashton Levers, nor any that can be compared with it — That it exceeds all others in the Beauty and Preservation of the numerous Articles it contains, which are better selected than any he had seen elsewhere. — And being asked, Whether he had heard of any Commissions to purchase any of the Articles in Sir Ashton Lever's Collection ? he said, That an Idea being entertained abroad that the Collection is to be sold, he had Corn-millions to buy a great Number of the Articles for private Cabinets — And being further examined, he said, That, in his Opinion, this Collection is of such Value and Rarity as to be an Object of National Attention, and worth being purchased by the Public — And he concluded with saying, That if a Sovereign-Prince was to endeavour at forming such a Collection, it could not be done in less than Twenty Years, nor ever he made so extensive and complete, there being many Specimens in this that could not be procured at any Expence; and he thinks it would be attended with:

great

Llaiw^wad

Roads.

Itadaor, Sec. Roads.

992

great Loss to dispose of this Collection by the common Way of Sale, it being of greater Value as it now is, than it would be if separated.

Mr. John Church being then called, informed your Committee, That he had amuled himself many Years in collecting Natural Curiolities; that he had lbcn all the Collections of any Note in England, and that the Whole of them put together would not form one lo rare and valuable as that at Leicester House — That the Articles there are in complete Beauty and Preservu-tion — That he had taken great Pains to form an Estimate of their Value, ufeertained by the Prices he had knowm similar Articles fell for at Public Sales or other-wile; and that, according to his Calculation, the Value of the Whole to be Ibid.is upwards of 53,000 /., in which Valuation he includes the Cafes and other Matters connected with the Articles as now exhibited — That he does not believe such another Collection could be made in a Man’s Life, and many of the Articles are lb rare, they could not be procured at all; and that, if the same proper Care be continued to be taken of the Collection as is now, he thought the Articles in it would preserve their Beauty for Ages — And the Witness added, That in his Opinon, Sir Ashton Lever's Collection is well worthy the Attention of the Public, to save it from being dispersed again by the present Possessor’s being obliged, or being induced, to part with it to Individuals, which would be a Dilbredit to this Count) y; and that it would be a great Lois to Sir Ashton Ltver to separate the Articles, in disposing of them by the common Way of Sale.

Your Committee also examined Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, who said, That he had seen Sir Ashton Levers Collection of Curiosities very often; and having a particular Love for Natural History, he has had an Opportunity, in different Joumies to and from Naples, of seeing every Mufeuin, both public and private, in Holland, France, Germany, Italy, and Sicily, and that he thinks Sir Ashton Levers Collection is in every Respect, taking it all together, the first Collection he has seen — That Sir Ashton Lever mult have been at a very great Expence in collecting it, and he thinks it is a National Object to preserve it and keep it together; and that Sir Ashton will rilk a great Lois if he should dil'pose of it by the common Way of Sale.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dil'pose of his Collection of

Specimens of Natural iliftory, exhibited in Leicester Feilds, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Thomas Egerton, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Mr. Johncs presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Parish of xcad to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from the said Parish of Llanddarog to Pont y Berem, in the Parish of Llangcndeirne, in the County of Car-nuirthen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johncs, Mr. Leu'is, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. 1784.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of ilis present Majtliy King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed to Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Johncs, Ac.: And they are meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Iloufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " A " Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and " Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon " Merchandize exported and imported;" and also of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating " Abides, in his Majesty’s Customs and also of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain " Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in " America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign " of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better securing and encouraging the " Trade of 1 lis Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in " for applying the Produce of fuel) Duties, and of the " Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards " defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and " securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the " Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the and East-

" land Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation

" Trade;" and for altering and disallowing several Draw-:t backs on Exports from this Kingdom, and more " effectually preventing the clandcstine Conveyance of " Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, " and improving and securing the Trade between the " same and Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Nexen hum took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Nexcnham reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for providing a Work house within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for railing Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Oveileers, and preferring all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and ©

Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Will.es, &c.: And they are to inert this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon

12° Martii.

Totnes

Kuaiis.

C uftorns 011 Alien*

Goods, 6cc.

Thrift Church in Middlesex. Poor, See.

Pap ft< Dt* d*

and W ilU.

24 Geo. III. 12° — 150 993

upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved iilelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Master man took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Masterman repoited from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

County The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

440 *' a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the r.levrnth and Twelith Years of the Reign of King tliiimm the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rulle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rvlle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rolle accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That fuel) a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, 1x3 printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Navigation Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 31st »n Scotland. j)ay Qf May 1782, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Friths in that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland, and to report the fume, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the Committee appointed in this present Session of Parliament to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the said Navigable Rivers and Friths.

Coofioetnent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Criminals to rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, unc. to co,*ider further of the Rill to provide Places for the

Temporary Reception of Criminials under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Fleam re, or under Sentence or Order of Transportadoo, and also of Sick Prisoners, be nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for removing Persons confined in County Gaols under final Sentences or Orders made by Justices of the Peace, in a summary Way, to Houses of Correction.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Masterman tbok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 39

Mr. Masterman reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, State of Re-That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Presentation-present State of the Representation of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman Saw- "J

Tellers for the Yeas, < bridge, > 93-

( Mr. Sheridan: J

Tellers for the Noes, { JJj; . } 141.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 15° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Penruddockereported from the Committee, to Bradford

w horn the Bill for the Appointment of an act- Overseer of ditional Overseer for the better Government of the the Po:jr-Poor of the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wills, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Newhavea to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bridge. Ouse at Newhaven, in the County of ,was committed; and to w hom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners and Trustees for repairing the Piers and Harbour of Newhaven, in the County of Sussex; and

also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, Merchants, Traders, and others interested in the Navigation of the River Ouse and Harbour of Newhaven, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of Henry Humphery, of Laves, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, w ere severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the

n U Allegations

994- 15 ° Martii. . 1784.

Accounts to be printed.

TuvilWk,

Ac. Hoads.

Plymouth, Ac. Hoad.

I Tver’s Muleuiii.

Allocations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad pone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Kcport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts which were presented to the House by Mr. Aleock, from the Commissioners of the Customs and F.xcile in Scotland, upon the 14th Day of January

la it, he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the lloule.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon;

and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Street and Loner Brook Street, to Cherry brook, and to Dunnubridge Pound, and from the ('a/ling ton Turnpike Road to Morzcclham and New Quay, in the said

County: And the same was received; and read the Fir It Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, through Frankfort Gate, to Bridge, and from the West Fnd of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate, next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damercl, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the

J 9 O O

Stands and Fares of Carriages using the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

'l’he said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Sir John St.Auhyn, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Capital BurgHIes, and Common Council Men, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of February lait, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fume Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Collection of Specimens of Natural 11 iitury, now exhibited in Leicester Fields, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit: And the same was received; and read the F'irft Time*.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lewis’

Act to enable David Eduard Lewes, Esquire, to take, Nan»e. ule, and hear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Llate of Newith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, dcceal'ed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tennan, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Ma- Dixon'* Debt jesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the wtheCrown. Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties; and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Exportation Order, a Bill to continue the Provisions of an Act, of "^Hufkrau‘s» the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting c‘ a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Linens,

Bi'itish Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Masterman, according to Order, reported from Papists

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Deed* and for allowing further Time for lnrollment of Deeds " ,l*‘ and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-teltant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wore Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tp by the iloufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Newnham, according to Order, re- Customs <m

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in M s> c‘ the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " A Subsidy granted to the King " of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and " imported;" and also of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in Flis Majesty’s Customs and also of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in America; for " continuing, amending, anil making perpetual, an " Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the better securing and encouraging

" the

IaiihI Tax

( ollMOllliOlW

n.

Mutiny and IMcj Uon.

Marina

Foret*.

Grunt to It.trMiifcf* of

Greenwich.

24 Geo. III. i Martii.995

" the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in " Americafor applying the Produce of such Duties,

" and of the Duties to aril’c by virtue of the said " Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending,

" protecting, and securing the said Colonies and " Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles " the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Trades,

" and for the better securing the Plantation Trade " and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks " on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandcstine Conveyance of " Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantalions, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great ;" That he was

directed by the Committee to move the Ifoufe, that I cave lie given to bring in a Rill to discontinue the Petty Ctiftom on Aliens Goods inported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, Mediterranean

S<as in unqualified Ships; and for repealing lb much of an Act, pulied in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts that no Part of the Old Sublidv llmll Ire drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

And Mr. Alderman New ah am moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave Ire given to bring in a Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Muliterrancan Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods ex|xjrted to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And that Mr. Alderman Act ham, Mr. Eden, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Sir GreyCooper, and the Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Bepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-fourtogether with those named in Two former Acts for ap|)ointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightythree;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

'1'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Pa-rilli of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Bark, or N Park, in the County of Surrey, to ('aroline Baronels of Greenwich, and her Heirs, lor a foil and valuable Consideration; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Vol. 39.

Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Edinburgh Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of shire heads. Edinburgh; and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of Laszcade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said District; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bamflapi* Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- hoads. larging the Powers, of an Act, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Coiham Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Roatl> an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leyburn Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Inclosure. Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Parish of Wensley, in the North Riding of the County of

York, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And alfe.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Grubbe’* to enable William Hunt Grubbe, Esquire, and Elites.

Hunt Grubbe, Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Wilts, and in the City of Bristol to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Leyburn the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Iuclofur*. tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Parish of IVensley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 25. After " whatsoever" insert " Provided nevertheless, That no " Exchange and Conveyance as " aforesaid shall be made by the " said Rector of Wensley, and his " Successors, without the Consent and Approbation of the " Bishop of ."

Pr. 24. 1. 17. After " only" insert* except the " said Rector of Wensley, and his " Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Masterrmm do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grubbe’. to enable William Hunt Grubbe, Esquire, and Walter Estates. Hunt Grubbe, Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Wilts, and in the City of Bristol, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the

Cufiurns*

Haro Skins, See.

Hals

exported.

Fa ft India Allairs.

996 150 Marl'd. 1784.

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Duties of the Customs received on Rum imported from the West India IHands into that Part of Cl rent Britain called England, for Ten Years past, viz. from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year, and each Island: And allb,

An Account of the Quantity of Wines, Spirits, and Rum, which paid a Duly to the Customs, with the Net Rate of Duty, and the Amount of the Duty on each Article, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783* as far as the same can be made up, specifying the Port whose Accounts have not yet been received by the Inlptclor General of Imports and Exports; together with the Totals of such Duties: And also.

An Account of the Net Duty on each Article of Wine which paid a Duty to the Customs, from Christmas 1774 to Christmas 1783, specifying each Year, with the Quantities of cacti Article, and the Amount of the Duties on each Article; together with the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Two lall of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hare Skins and Rabbit Skins exported for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hats exported for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glafl'es, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee to whom it is referred to confuler of the Report of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of this House of the 23d Day of January last, and to examine the several Articles and Matters contained therein, and to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speakers

Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made upon Thursday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glafl'es, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appearerd severally put the Lilts by them prepared into the Glafl'es at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts by them prepared into the said Glafl'es.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and to report to the House, upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Apslcy,

Mr. Harding, Mr Cozethome, Mr. Pratt, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Neville: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hay and upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay C loath ing. and ('loathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-retted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army Extra-suant to their Address to His Majesty, ordinaries.

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 1 ft of February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclusive, and not

provided for by Parliament

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as lblloweth; viz.

An

24 Geo. III.

15° Martii.

997

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaltcr General of His Majesty's Forces, from the iftof February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclulive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dales of Wat rants.

February 3. To Thomas Ilarlcy and Henry , Esquires,

to lie by them applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces in North America -14. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins for the Use of the Forces in D® - 1 2(3. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D* March t. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D®

May 2('». To D*, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D®

June 20. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D® - 1 July 21. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D® - s To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D* October 8. To IP, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in D°

March 7. >5-

April 11. May 5. Hi.

June 17. 23-

July 7.

18.

2J.

24.

August 8. 1782.^ August ti.

17*3* March 10.

July 1.

August 22.

To Francis Baring, Esquire, for Pease purchased for His Majesty’s Service -To IP, for Pork purchased for D® Service -To 1)®, for Beef and Pork purchased for D® Service To 1)*, for D* Service -To D®, for Beef, Pork, Oatmeal, and Flour, purchased for His Majesty’s Service -To D®, for Beef and Pork purchased for D® Service To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for Provisions purchased for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service -To IP, for D® Service -To IP, for D® Service -To 1)®, for D® Service -To D®, for Flour purchased for D® Service

To ITm Mills, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes for the Use of the Forces in America -

To the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of the Navy, for the Value of Twenty Tons of Sour Krout, delivered by the Commissioners of the Navy, from their Stores, to Mr. G. Cherry, Agent for the Army victualling at Cowes, for the U fe of the Army -To F.dmd Armstrong, Esquire, Agent to the African

Corps, being the Balance due to Rofr Browne, Esquire, on Account of Provisions supplied the Ganilon of Senegal, and which is towards Payment of 801 /. 5 s. 10 d.due from the said Rob* Browne to the said Corps, on the Non-effective Account -

To the Right honourable C. Townshend, Treasurer of the Navy, for Provisions and other Articles, supplied to Joe Rooke, Esquire, Governor at Goree, from sundry Navy Transports, between the 1 oth and 20th of May 1779 -

To Major Henniker, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for furnishing Provisions for the Army, between 5th February and 14th July 1782 -

To A Jam Drummond, Moses Franks, and In* Nesbitt, Esquires, being the Balance of their Account, as Contractors for furnithing D®

£. s. d.

71,298 14 7

18,876 8 u

14,887 *9 11

56,565 15 —

28,318 10 5

135,781 11 10

223,885 10 5

25,668 16 1

",193 6 2

25,373 2 5

3,772 4 9

18,562 9 3

65,280 9 8

57,119 9 1

27,589 6 3

3,340 14 2

13,677 4 11

14,497 1 2

20,686 4 7

21,012 18 1

7,019 12 10

23,435 10 9

11,567 5 6

74 11 —

378 3 7

Vo 1.. 39.

475 12 8

2,289 8 2

83 6 6

278 6 11 X

£ t. d.

686,476 13 4

To

Army Extra-ordinaries*

998

Army Extra- Daw* *f Warrant*.

ordni'inu*.

17S3.

August 22.

May 16.

August 22.

D

February 7.

Marclt 2G.

Dates of Secry. at War's

Letters.

1783.

February 1.

June 28. September 1.

Dates of Warrants.

May 2. August 21. October 24.

November 14.

September 5.

October 24.

December 5.

February 3. March lft. >7-

1782.

OGtuber 30.

15* Martii.

To the Representatives of Arnold \esbitt, Adam Drummond and Muses Franks, bchig the Balance of their Account, as Contractors for furnishing Provisions for the Army, between 5th February and 14th July 1782 -

To IVm Bucld, Esquire, for Provisions laid up in Store in the I Hand of Jerl’ey -To the Reprdentatives of Henry Biuld, for D* Service -

To // " Budd, Esquire, for D® Service -

To the Reprdentatives of Henry Budd, for delivering Provisions at Guernsey -

To D®, for D® Service -To IVm Budd, Esquire, for D® Service To D®, for keeping up an additional Quantity of Provisions at Jersey -

To the Representatives of Henry Budd, for keeping up complete Provisions in D®

£. s. d.

101 11 6

03 0 c 1 —

3*3 — 4

383 15 3

313 ~ 4

383 15 3

500 — ——

383 »5 3

3i3 — 4

To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to make good to the Owners of liindry Ships, chartered by him to take Wood and Coals to Gibraltar, and delivered up there for the Public Service, by Order of Governor Sir G. A. , the Net Value of the said Ships - 13,435 —

To fVm Merry, Esquire, to enable him to make good to the Owners of fundrv Siiips, chartered for D®

Service, and captured by the Enemy on their Passage, the Net Value of the said Ships - 7,220 2

To John Penccll, Esquire, on Account for Freight

of sundry Ships engaged to carry Fuel to

Gibraltar.....- 1,435 16 8

To the Executors of the late Jn° Esquire,

on Account for D* Service - 2,697 15 5

To D®, for D* Service ----- 1,251 5 4

To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse , for Levy Money and Pay of Recruits, furnished by him -To the Reigning Prince of IValdfor Levy

Money for 63 Recruits raised for the Year 1783 To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, for the March and Transport of Recruits from Hanau to Bremer Lehe, in the Year 1782 To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Hanau, for Levy Money and Pay of 175 Recruits raised in the Years 1782 and 1783 -

To George Best, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of the Hanoverians at Gibraltar and Minorca -

To Baron de Alvtnslebcn, to replace Arms and Ac-

coutrements of D° Troops, loft at the Surrender of Minorca -

To Geo. Best, Esquire, for sundry Expences and Disbursements for the Hanoverian Troops,

3,171 10 1

330 15 "

3S4 4 10

1,366 2

1,346 3 6

2,378 19 1

serving at Gibraltar and Great Britain -

899 -- 4

ToMefiTrs. Leslie, Grove, and J)f Hood, for sundry Articles of Provisions, Stationary, and Iron Ware, for special Service 9,938 5 6

To Mr. 77/0* llotehkis Littler, for Goods furnished

for special Service ----- 3,492 10 7

To Ma jor Bailey, for sundry Articles supplied by him

for special Service - - - 4,116 7 1

To Captain Phillips, of the 89th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he i’uftained by the Hurricane at S‘ Lucia, in the Year 1780 - -.....40 13 —

A 1784.

£ > i-

3 >9.305 — 1

26,029 >9

9,876 15 —

>7,547 J 2

To

150 Martii

Army Extra-ordinaries.

24 Geo. III.

Dutrs of Warrant?.

} 7»3-

February 6.

*4-

22.

24-

March 1.

*5-

*7-

19.

21.

25-

27.

April 4.

15-

May 13.

14.

>.'»

Vo i.. 39.

To Captain G. A. Adams, of the 75th Regiment of

Foot, for funtlry Expences incurred and paid by him at (iorce, during the Time he was Lieutenant Governor there -

To Captain In* Gordon, of the 88lh Regiment of Foot, for his Expences in bringing Dispatches from the Governor of Jamaica from Falmouth to London To MelVrs. Gregory and Turnbull, for Wine, Candles, and Hugs, purchufed for His Majesty’s Service -To J. M. L rale, Klquire, being the Balance of his Account as Acting Agent lor West Florida, for Two Years, to 24th June 1 7S1 -

To Captain J. Grant, of the Royal Garrison Battalion, for lVovisions bought for the Use of the Garrison of New Providence, and for Damages for protesting Captain Grant % Bills on Daniel Wicr, Esquire, late Coinmifiary of Provisions in America -To II. Jhtrdcin> Esquire, for sundry Articles provided by him for the Service of the intended Expedition under General Dal linn; -

To Mctl'rs. Brough, Maltby, and Sons, for Linens purchased for I lis Majestys Service -To Fra* Alacnamara, Klquire, in full for the contingent Dilburfcments of his Brother Mathias Maenamara, decreed, in his Government of Senegambia To Merit's. Ja* Duncan and In? Diluorth, for Freight of the Brigantine Hose Bud, from the 4th to the 20th of Noveml>er 1779, being employed in carrying Dispatches from S* Angustine to New York -To Jn9 Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, &c. provided by him lor the Use of the Forces abroad -To J ho* Colton, Esquire, to be by him paid over to sundry (hficers and Soldiers belonging to a Corps of Corsicans serving at Gibraltar and Minorca, who were taken Prisoners, being for Subsistence, and to enable them to return Home -

To Lieut. EduJ Smith, of the 61st Regiment of Foot, for LolU s he sustained when taken Prisoner at Fortnell’s ( astle, in Minorca -

To Captain 11. Duncanson, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for l^oUi s he sustained w hen taken Prisoner by the Rebels in Bolton Harbour, in June 1776 -

To Sir IVm llozce, for the Value of a Quantity of Cloathing belonging to the 23d Regiment of Foot, which was delivered into Store at Charles Town, for the Use of the Provincial Troops in South Carolina ——

To Colonel EdnJ Eyre, of the 64th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of a Wound he received at Fort Griswold in New England - -

To Lieut. Duncan Campbell, of the 74th Regiment of Foot, fur Loflls he sustained on board the Ship Briton, when taken Prisoner by a French Privateer

To the Representatives of Jn° Stuart, being the Balance of the Bills and Accompts of the said J)f Stuarty for the Ex|K*nces incurred in the Department of Superintendant ot Indian Affairs, in the Southern District of North America -

To Aaron Graham, Esquire, Agent to the Captain, Officers, and Company of the Ship of War Portland, to be by him paid over to the said Captain, Officers, and Company, in lieu of Salvage for re-capturing the Transport Ship Amazon, laden with Presents for the Indians in C anada -

To Captain Peter Colic, Commander of a Corps of Cor-lie a ns, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Lois of his Arm, during the Siege of Minorca -

To Lieutenant Mitchell, of the 8<jth Regiment of Foot, for LotTcs he sustained on board the Dantzick Packet, When taken by the combined Fleets, the gth August

£. s. d. 1,178 16 7

25-----

17*023 13 10

391 9 8

438 5 2

1,946 2 5 5>9°7 3 6

1,322 — 9

199 6 1

L375 iS 6

71-----

21-----

84 14 2

604 17 —

33 17 — 21 12 6

10,626 . 8 2

6,201 4 10

182 10 —

43 17 6

999

To

c-

IOOOO

15° Ma.

.Army Extra- Dates of Warrants, ordinaries, ____________________

i"S3-

May l

21.

12.

>7-

To Messrs. Gray and Og to be paid over to sundry

Officers of the 87th Regiment of Foot, for Losses they fullained by the French Troops in the 1/land of S' Lucia, in the Year 1781 -

To Captain IV u Henry King , of the Ship of

War Janus, for the Expences he incurred in providing for the Passage of Sir C. Grey and I119 Suite, who were to be carried on board the said Ship to New Vork -

To Messrs. Grey and Ogilvie, to be by them paid over to sundry Officers of the ill Battalion of the 1 it Regiment of Foot, for Losses they sustained at die Siege of Brimstone Hill -

To Lieut. Donald M’Donald, of the 76th Regiment of Foot, for the Expences attending the Cure of a Wound he received in Virginia, in 1781 -

To Lieut. Colonel Mac Intosh, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of a Wound he received in Action in South Carolina -

To the Representatives of Lieut. P. Gumming, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner at Stouey Point, in North America -

June 6. To Lieut. Alev' Graham, of the 90th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by the Combined Fleets -

To JVm Knox, Esquire, for Fees paid by him on Receipt of several Sums for Indian Presents - -

To 77/o* Machnight, Esquire, for the Value of a Sloop

belonging to him, which was detained in the Year 1776, and employed in lodging Refugees in the Harbour of Cape Fear in America, and loft in a Storm during the Time the was in that Service -

To Lieut. Colonel Alured Clarke, for an Equipage as Commissary of Musters for the Foreign Troops in North America ——

To Lieut. General Robertson, for D®, as Commander in Chief of the Forces in the Colonies in North America ——

To Colonel Freke, of the 39th Regiment of Foot, for Loilcs he sustained when taken by the Spaniards, the 2()th October 1781, near the Straits of Gibraltar July 1. To Right honourable Chef Treasurer of the

Navy, for Money expended by Chris' Hill Harris, late Naval Storekeeper at Fort Mahon, in the Year 1781, for the Service of the Troops there - -

4. To Jh° Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces -

To D®, for D° Service -

To Captain Agnexv, of the Queen’s Rangers, being His Majesty’s Bounty for a Wound he received at the Battle of Brandywine -

To Four Officers belonging to a Corps of Corsicans serving at Gibraltar and Minorca, who were taken Prisoners, being in Part of a Reward intended for their Services ——

To Jrf Graham, Esquire, late Lieut Governor of Georgia, for the Hire of Transports to assist in carrying Loyalists to East Florida, on the Evacuation of Savannah, in July 1782 -

To Lieut. John Mackenzie, of the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for the Expence attending the Cure of a Wound he received at Gibraltar -

To Captains Nich* Alexiano, and J. M. , being His Majesty’s Bounty for serving in the Defence of Minorca -

To Major Gunn, for Equipage Money, as Commidary for dilembarking and muttering the German Troops lately employed in America -

To Four Corsican Officers belonging to a Corps serving at Gibraltar and Minorca, in lull for a Reward for their Services at those Places -

20.

26.

10.

18.

23-

24.

Au> uft 2.

O

21.

£. s. d.

89 6 —

150 — -

229 8 — 50 — -34 »8 -

32 15 -

23 7 — 451 19 9

800-----

500-----

1,000 —

76 14 —

116 16 i

653 5 7 147 15 6

182 10 —

206 2 6

397 2 6

80----

246 t 6 10G 2 6 1,407 9 4

A. 1784.

To

24 Geo. III. 15* Martii.

Patrs of Warrants.

i;!\r

August 22. To Lieut Colonel Wall, for Merchandize received and £. s. d. expended for His Majesty’s Service at Fort James, on the River Gambia, from 22d December 1775 to 30th July 1776 - - - - 431 13 5

To Lieut. Henry Haldane, being the Balance of his Account as Secretary and Aid de Camp to Earl Corirua/lis, commanding the Forces in the Southern Dilhict of America, l>ctwcen the ift of June 1780 and 31st December 1781- - - - - 274 17 6

To Lieut. Colonel Ja‘ Afoncrbeing the Balance of his Account as Commanding Engineer in D#, between ift July 1778 and the 31st of December 17S2 - - 137 15 5

September 5. To Khz' Brucre, Widow of Governor

of the Bermuda Islands, for Allowances advanced by him to Matroll'es at the Cal tie at Bermuda, and the Signal Man at Paget’s Fort - - - - 48 6 —

To Quarter Matter In’ Lowrey of the late 8th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner at Tobago, and at Sea by the Ship sinking that lie w as on board of - - - 17 — 6

To Major General Tottenham, for Losses sustained by the Officers of the noth Regiment of Foot, by the Hurricane at Barbadoes and S' Lucia - 307 6 6

19. To Major Ff Shelly, of the late 71st Regiment of Foot, for Lollcs he sustained by the iEolus Tranl’port being burnt in America - - - - 65 8 —

To Ensign J. F. Costello, of the late 94th Regiment of Foot, for LolTes he sustained on board the Lord Howe Transjiort, when taken by Two American Privateers - . - - 32 6 6

October *3. To Colonel Etherington, for the Balance of his Account of the Purchase of various Articles of Provisions for the Troops in S* Vincent’s, in the Years 1778 and 1779 ---- 50 76

24. To 1)*, for the Carriages of D* Provisions - - - 963 10 9

To Wm Ancrum, El'quire, for Cattle and Indian Com, supplied the Troops in South Carolina, in the Year-

1780 - 220 3 8

29. To Lieut. Jonas Jones, of the 20th Regiment of Foot, to replace Two Horses loft on actual Service in North America - - 32 7 —

November 6. To Captain G. Balfour, of the Conqueror Man of War, for the Railage of Major General to the

West Indies ----- 150 — —

14- To John Fisher, Esquire, for inspecting, numbering,

and marking Carbines and Piltols provided for the Provincial Service in America - - - - 11739

To Lieut. General Preston, to replace several Horses of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, (hot for the Glanders, c^c. in America, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - - - - 138 8 —

To D*, to replace D® of D® Regiment, (hot for D®, from

23th June 1781 to 24th December following - - 78 8 —

To I)®, to replace Horses belonging to the Officers of D* Regiment, shot for D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th Decemlx;r following - - - 154 9 —

To D®, to replace D® belonging to D® of D* Regiment, shot for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - - 184 9 —

21. To Mell’rs. Gray and Ogilvie, to be paid over to Lieut Saint Ellis, of the 15th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained by the Hurricane at Barbadoes and at the Siege of Brimstone Hill - - - 66 9 —

27. To J. B. French, Merchant, for Demurrage of the Ship Barbadoes Planter, employed in the Year 1776 to carry Rum to America, under a Contract with the Treasury - - 76143

29. To A lark Rucre, in full as a Reward for his Services, as a Lieutenant in the Murine Brigade doing Duty at the Siege of Minorca ----- 200 16 10

Vol. 39. 11 Y

IOOI

To

Army Extra-ordinaries.

1002

Army Extra* ordmarir*.

Dates of Warrants.

>783. December 19.

February 10.

March 14.

July 10.

August 8.

December 12.

January 2.

March 19.

May 17. August 15.

January 2.

March 19. November 10. December 12.

January 2.

March 19.

May 17. August 15* 21.

November 10. December 10.

January 2.

March 19. August 15.

March 19.

August 15. November 10.

150 Martii.

To Cornet Wm Jarvis, of the Queens Rangers, being

His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Leg, in Action at Williamsburg -

To Messrs. Eden and Court, for Interest and Damages on Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by Captain Adams, late Commandant at Goree, on the Commissioners of the Treasury -

To Messrs. Child and C*, to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Sir John Hort, Consul at Lisbon, on Account 01 Subsistence, Clothing, <§*c. for Three Soldiers who were left Sick by Sir John Burgoyne at Rio de Janeiro - - -»

To Colonel J. Maxwell, to pay Two Bills, for Money disbursed for Artillery Expences, whilst he was Governor of the Bahama Klands -To Messrs. Child and C*, to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Sir In’ Hort, on Account of Expences incurred for Two Soldiers left Sick at Bahia, and One at Rio de Janeiro -To Peter Chester, Esquire, late Governor of West Florida, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Interest and Damages on the lame, occasioned by its being protested -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Campbell, late Commander in Chief in West Florida, for public Services - 413 6 8

To D\ for D» Service - 680 9 —

To D*, for D# Service - - - - 70-----

To D#, for D* Service - - - - 50-----

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir James Wright, Baronet, late Governor of Georgia, for public Ser-

vices -

To D*, for D* Service -To D°, for D* Service -To Sir Jet Wright, for Interest and Damages on Two protested Bills of Exchange, drawn by him when Governor of Georgia, on the Commissioners of the Treasury

1,948

2,426

307

8

18

11

5

22 17 8

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Archibald Campbell, Governor of Jamaica, for public

Services To D*, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service To I)*, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service

32,583

18,276

33,551

1,250

50,006

425

40,641

10 9 19 ~ 3

8 4

9 »»

£. t. d.

146----

47 8 10

25 4

45i 17 —

77 16 —

164 14 2

1,213 15 8

4,705 5

176,734 9 3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir George Augustus Eliott, Governor of Gibraltar, for public Services ---- 4,971------

To D\ for D* Service - 1,506------,

To D#, for D* Service - 3,060 — —

9,537 -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lieut Joseph Hawkins, Commandant at Placentia, for public Services -

To D*, drawn by John M Esquire, Commandant at S’ John’s, for public Services To D*, drawn by V.Haldimand, Esquire, Governor of

64

196

11

8 9

Quebec, for public Services -To D*, for D* Service To D*, for D* Service

2,300-----

7,917 10 — 25,177 10 —

35,395 -

A. 1784.

3m dm

58,615 5 6

To

24 Geo.

Dares «»f Warrant*.

March 19.

Atnruft 21. November 10.

March 19. January 2. February 24.

March 19.

January 2.

May 17.

January 2.

August I.,. December 10.

May 17. August 15.

Kovember 10.

December 10. November 10. December 10.

I)«te< of Treasury Lett* rs.

February 17.

May 17. Vo L. 39.

III. 150 Martiu oo$

I Army Extra-

ordinaries.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Will,

Esquire, Governor of Bermudas, for public Services - - - - 71 14 5

To I)*, for D* Service ... 252 — 5

To D*, for D* Service - - - 120 12 8

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Sir A.

Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for public Services -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Andrew

Ek|uire, late Barrack Mailer at Pcnfacola, for public Services - - - - -41943

To Andrew Rainsford, Esquire, for Protests, Interest, and other Charges, on Bills of Exchange, drawn by him on the Commissioners of the Trea-fiiry - - - -166132

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D*,

for public Services - - - - 100----

To D*, drawn by Admiral Campbell, Commander at Newfoundland, for public Services -To D*, drawn by Alex' Cameron, Esquire, for public Services ——

To D*. drawn by Jo" Murray, Esquire, for public Services -

To D\ drawn by John Graham, Esquire, Superinten-dant lor Indian Affairs in North America, for public Services - 547 9 —

To D*, for D* Service - 977 10 —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Patrick Tonyn, Gover* nor of East Florida, for public Services 831 8 —

To I)*, for D* Service ... 8,108 14 —

To D*, for D* Service - 1,000----

To & Bill of Exchange, drawn by Lieut- Colonel N. M' Lead, of 2d Battalion of the 4ad Regiment of Foot, for public Services - -

To D\ drawn by M. G. Fawcett, for public Services -

To D*, drawn by Jit Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for public Services -To D*, drawn by Thomas Brown, Esquire, Superintendant of Indian Affairs in North America, for public Services - -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major Gunn, Commissary for disembarking German Troops lately employed in America, for public Services ---- 7,000 — —

To D*, for D* Service - - - 3,000----

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by John Esquire,

Confu) at Leghorn, for public Services -To 1)*, draw n by Wilt* Lacy, Captain of the African Corps, and Commandant at Goree, for public Services -

To I)*, drawn by Jit Douglas, Deputy Superintendent of Indian Affairs for the Western District in America, for public Services -

£. s. d.

444 7 6

131 15 —

685 17 5

980 16 6 977 10 — 1,806 9 9

L524 19 "

9,940 2 — 722 15 —

147 — 10

223 9 — 1,960 14 11

10,000-----

56----.

1,287 2 11

977 10 —

To D*, drawn by John Maxwell, Esquire, for building temporary Barracks on the Arrival of the Troops at Charles Tow n - - - - 105 — —

To I)*, drawn by John Udney, Esquire, for Pay, &c. of a Captain and Lieutenant of a Company of Sclavo-nians, raised for Service at Minorca ... 209 18 —

Xo

15° Martii.

A. 1784.

Aitny Extra-ordinaries.

IOO4

Dates of Treasury Lettri*.

1783-May 28.

August 29.

October 4. May 2.

August 6.

May 12.

To a Dill of Exchange, drawn by Sir H. , for the Service of the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Minorca - - - - 555 9 5

To I)*, drawn by D*, for D* Service - 350----

To D®, drawn by 1)*, for D® Service - 240 -

To D®, drawn by D®, for D* Service - 410-----

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 817 — 5

To D®, drawn by D®, for I)° Service - 292 11 8

To D*, drawn by D*, for D* Service - 300----

To I)*, drawn by John for his Pay as

Assistant Surgeon to the Hospital in the East Indies - - - - 80 — —

To D®, drawn by D*, for D* Service - 70 — —

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 20----

To D®, drawn by Robert Ander, for his Pay as Principal Surgeon to the Troops in the East Indies -To D*, drawn by Mr. Astey, for D®, as Assistant Surgeou

to D®....

To D°, drawn by the Right honourable Henry T. Cianents, Deputy Vice Treasurer of Ireland, for Balance of Levy Money due to Lieut Colonel Arch-

905 16 8

d.

2,95

170

42----

102 15 —

941 11 10

556 6 6 770 1 11

4,913 4 —

dale's Battalion To D®, drawn by D*, for D* due to

Lieut. Colonel Talbot's Battalion - 1,069 — 8

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® due to

Lieut. Colonel Blams Battalion -

To D*, drawn by D®, for D® due to

Lieut. Colonel Da7c.mt's Battalion - 891 10 7

To I)*, drawn by D*, for D# due to Colonel French's Battalion To D®, drawn by D®, for D® due to the Earl of Inchinquins Battalion -To D#, drawn by D®, for the Cost of 2,976 Firelocks and Bayonets delivered to the above Battalions -To D*. drawn by D*f for extraordinary Cloathing and Accoutrements necef July 11. (ary for the above Battalions - - 5,228 17 6

To D®, drawn by D\ being an Advance to Lord Rawdon's Regiment - - 2,655 8 —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Robert Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in the West Indies, from the 12th to the 30th of December 1782, on Account of the extraordinary Expences

of the said Forces - 23,500-----

To D\ drawn by D°, in the Month of

January 17S3, on Account of D® - - 11,050 — —

To D", drawn by D*, in the Month of

February 1783, on Account of D* - 13,350-----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

March 1783, on Account of D° - 20,650------

To I)*, drawn by D®, in the Month of

April 1783, on Account of D* - - 30,800-----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

May 1783, on Account of D* - - 10,000-----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

June 1783, on Account of D® - - 5,750-----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

July 1783, on Account of D* - - 8,700----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

August 1783, on Account of D® - - 15,200-----

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1783, on Account of D* ----- - 2,150----

17,93' 17 8

141,150----

To

24 Geo. III. 15® Martii.

Dates of Treasury _ ___________ __

letters.

1005

Army Extra* ordinaries*

17*3-

July 11. To Bills of Exchange drawn by tVtlb Deane,

Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at New York, in the Month of July 1783, on Account of extraordinary Expences of the said Forces £. 31,074 9 2

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

August 1783, on Account of D® - 80,412 10 4

To D", drawn by D®, in the Month of

September 1783, on Account of D® 122,111 10 7

To D®. drawn by D®, in the Month of

October 1783, on Account of D® - 28,550 18 4

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

November 1783, on Account of D® 38,289 4 8

To D®, drawn by David Thermos, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at S' August me, in the Month of June 1783, on Account of extraordinary Expences of the said Forces -

To D®, drawn by Alcjf Thomso, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, in the Month of July 1783, on Account of D® of the fiud Forces - - - - ,£.19,17716 —

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

August 17S3, on Account of D® - 20,465 2 3

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

September 1783, on Account of D® 13,470 7 5 To D*» drawn by D®, in the Month of

November 1783, on Account of D® 795------

To D®, drawn by D®, from the I ft to the 24th of December 1783, on Account of D* - 3,236 17 9

To D®, drawn by Joshua Esquire, Acting

Dejnitv Paymaster of the Forces at Quebec, in the Month of October 1783, on Account of D® of the said Forces -

£. s. d.

300,43* »3 *

10,000 — —

57A45 3 5

100,000 —

Date of Warrants.

£. s. d.

890»740 15 7

>783-

February 1.

7.

19.

<24-

March 3.

11.

»7-

VOL.

30.

T o John Morrison, Esquire, for 185 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in America, to 22d December 1782 - 277 10 —

To Jcf Farquharson, Esquire, for 278 Days, as an

Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 24th June 1782 - 278-----

To Captain Wall, for 183 Days Allowance, as Commandant of the African Corps and Island of Goree, to 25th December 1782 - 183 - — —

For 90 Days Pay of ffeveral General Officers ordered late intended Expedition, to 28th February

of the 13th Regiment of Foot, Major of Brigade in the West 1781, and for his Allowance of

on a

1782

To Captain J. Ogilvie,

for 92 Days Pay, as Indies, to lft August Forage

To several Persons, for their Pay as Field and Staff Officers of a Light Brigade at Coxheath, for 130 Days, to qth November 1782 -

To Lieut. Colonel FMegood, for Subsistence and Half Pay as Lieut. Colonel of the Queen’s Loyal Virginia Regiment -

To In‘ Martin Leake, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay of M. G. Fawcett, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d February 1783 -

To Colonel Whyte, for the Difference of Colonel’s and Lieut. Colonel’s Pay of the 96th Regiment of Foot for 223 Days, to 24th December 1782

To Lieut. Colonel Clarke, for 318 Days Pay, as Commissary far mustering Foreign Troops in North America, to 20th January 1783 -To llnlt Aherdein, Esquire, for 49 Days Pay of hhnself and Four Afliltants, as Commissary on the Expedition under the Command of M. G. to 20th

January 1783

1,440 *-----

69----

390

843 5 —

460----

78 1 —

636 — —

11 z

171 10

Tq

Army Extra-oni.nunts.

1006 15 A. 1784.

Dates of Warrant*. ______

I7$3-Match 21.

27-

31.

April 4.

25-

29*

30.

May 7. 15-

16.

20.

21.

23.

28.

30.

To Major Le Ilunte, for 105 Days Pay, as Commandant of Invalids at Jcrley, to 24th December 1782 -To Lieut. John Burn, of the 46th Regiment of Foot,

for 183 Days Allowance for the extra Expences he was put to in his Paflhge to join the said Regiment at Saint Lucia in the Year 1781, being ordered round by New York with Recruits for the Forces there -To Major Duncan Drummond, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts in North America, to 16th January 1782 -

To Major Bailey, for 363 Days Pay, for superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Cloathing, &c. for the Forces Abroad, to 10th March 1783 -

To Colonel Blackwell, of the North Gloucester Militia, for the Difference of Colonel’s and Lieut Colonel’s Pay for 3G5 Days, to 24th December 1782 For the Pay of sundry Majors of Brigade, for the Year 1782 - -

To Lieut. T. Led, mere, of the 27th Regiment of Foot, for 177 Days Allowance for the Extra Expences he was put to in his Passage to join the said Regiment at Saint Lucia in the Year 1781, being ordered round by New York with Recruits for the Forces there -

To Lieut. Jaf Wilson, for 881 Days Pay, as Assistant Engineer at Penlacola, to 6th May 1778 To 1'. W. Hccht, Gent for 14G Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 24th December

1782....

For the Pay of several Hospital Officers in the West Indies, for sundry Times -To Lieut Dodd, for 138 Days Pay, as Adjutant to the Troops encamped at Sheerness, to 10th November

1781 - - ....

To Gregory Townshend, Gent, for 365 Days Pay, as an

Aflifumt Commissary in America, to 24th Decenriber

1782 - ....

To Matthew Forster, Esquire, for 701 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores and Provisions in the West Indies, to 24th December 1781 To D®, for 372 Days Pay, as D*, to 31st December . 1782 -

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 148 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 19th November 1782, at 1 /. per Diem -

To D®, for 156 Days D°, as D®, to 24th April 1783, at 4/. per Diem - - - - .

To L. G. Morrison, for 330 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 19th November 1782, at 1 /. per Diem -. -

To D®, for 13G Days D®, as D®, to 24th April 1783, at 4 /. per Diem -

To L. G. Fawcett, for 89 Days Pay, as Commissary for muftcring Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d May

>7«3 ....

To B. /f 'at son, Efrpiirc, for 363 Days Pay, as Super-intemlant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Ne-c< liar its, and Extraordinaries of the Army in America, to 14th March 1783 -

To several Persons, for their Pay as Hospital Officers attending the Forces in North America, in the Year 1781 -

To several Persons, for their Pay as General Officers in Great Britain and North America -

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 227 Days Pay, as a Deputy (omuiissary in America, to 23d December 1782 To A\ gir Johnston, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as an Affdlunt Commilliiry in I)*, to 20th December 1782 To ('apt in John Wilson, for 334 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th April 1783 To Major In" Dtspard, for 389 Days Pay, as a Deputy Adjutant General in America, under the Command ol Lord Cornwallis, to 24th April 1783 -

£. s.

26 5 —

45 15 —

1,095 -

182 10 —

121 — 3 i>595 -

44 5 —

330 7 6

146-----

1,248 -

27 12 —

365----

1,051 10 —

558 -

148----

624----

330 -

624----

445 -

730-----

357 10 — 566 10 — 340 10 —

3G5-----

177-----

194 10 —

£. s.

To

24 Geo. III.

15° Martii.

1007

Dates of Warrants.

»/8 3-June 12.

»3-

20.

24.

3<-July 8.

*7-

18.

23*

24.

1782.

July 31.

»783-

August 8.

*3-

21.

27-

September 5. Vol. 39.

To James Christie, Gent, for 675 Days Pay, as an Assistant CommilTary in America, to 14th April'

1783.....*

To Rol/ Aberdein, Esquire, for 489 Days Pay, as D*

to 2d December 1782 -

To Nicholas Jesperson, to be by him paid over to sundry

Persons, for their Pay during the Time they l'erved on board the General Murray Cutter, which was funk at Gibraltar -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 114 Days Pay, as a Deputy CommilTary in America, to 15th April 1783 -To F. R. Clarke, Gent, for 375 Days Pay, as Inspector and Supci intendant of the Provision Train of Horses and Waggons attending the Army in America, to 14th April 1783 -

To Peter Faumier, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay, as a Deputy CommilTary in America, to 7th April 1783 -To Sir C. Grey, for 132 Days Pay, as Commander in Chief of the Forces in North America, and for his Four Aids de Camp and One Secretary, to 26th May

I7S3 - ....

To several Persons, for their Pay, as Field and Staff Officers to the Light Brigade, formed at Grange Camp in the Year 1782 -

To Lieut. Colonel Bayard, Commandant of the Battalion of Orange Rangers in America, being for Pay due to the Officers and Private Men of that Regiment -

To Lieut John Campbell and Ensign John Barber, for pi Days Pay, as Additional Engineers on the intended Expedition under General Dalling To F. Parkhurst, Esquire, for .513 Days Pay, as a Deputy

Commissary in Canada, to 27th June 1783 To In* Locke, Esquire, for 2,193 Days Pay, as Acting Barrack M after of Tobago, to l ft June 1781 -To Grey PAiult, to be by him paid over to several Officers of the Charles Town Regiment of Royal Militia, for their Pay due to them respectively To Mr. Houllon Harries, for 247 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces in the West Indies, to 24th June 1783 -To Ju' Pattison, Esquire, for tit) Days Pay, as Lieut. General, with Two Aids de Camp, in America, to 7th May 1782 -

To liar A. Coffin, Gent, for 208 Days Pay, as an Assistant CommilTary in America, to 31st May

1783....

To Sir R. Pigot, for 235 Days Pay, as a Major General in Great Britain, with One Aid de Camp, to 24th December 1782 T o Roger Johnston, Esquire, for 151 Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 20th May 1783 -

To George Brin/cy, Esquire, for 219 Days Pay, as a Deputy Commissary in America, to 10th May 1782 -

To Colonel Whyte, for 385 Days Pay, as Commander in the Island Jersey, to 5th June 1783 -

To D®, for the Difference of Colonel’s and Lieut.

Colonel's Pay, lor 158 Days, to 31st May 1783 To N.Day, Esquire, for 267 Days Pay, J as CommilTary in Canada, to 27th June 1783 -

To Doctor Geo. Monro, for 182 Days Pay as Physician, to 24th June 1783 - -

To F. H \ llecht, Gent, for 193 Days Pay, as an Assistant CommilTary in America, to jth July 1783 To several Persons, for their extra Trouble in mustering the Militia for Two Years -To Ale-i* Grunt, for./, 4 7 Days Pay, as Field Inspector of the llospitals in America, to 24th June 1783 To I Jeut. General Fawcett, lor 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d August 17S3 -

Anny Extra-

ordinaries.

j£. s. d.

675----

489----

1,050 14 3 171----

375 -

276 — —

1,716----

283 2 —

504 2 —

91----

769 10 —

548 5 —

2,371 n 10 123 10 —

330----

208----

587 10 —

151----

328 10 —

385-----

55 6 —

534 -

91----

193----

1,080----

273 10 —

460 — —

£ d*

T

ioo8

15* Martii.

A. 1784

Army Extra* ordinaries.

Dates of Warrants.

>783*

September 5.

>9-

October 2.

9-

16.

24.

27-

November 6.

t

14.

26.

29-

December 3.

5-

18.

To Colonel T. Fraser, for 147 Days Pay, as Brigadier j£. s.

General in the West Indies, to 24th May 1789 - 920 10 --

For the Pay of several General and Staff Officers in America, for the respective Times therein mentioned - €,090 —

To Captain F. Richardson, for 540 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade to the Detachment of Foot GtMrds in America, to 24th June 1783 - - - - *70 -

To L. G. Style, for 22 Days Pay, as Major GtebbftA in Great Britain, with One Aid de Camp, to 16th May

1782 ..- - 55 — *- 1

To the Representatives of Jonathan Clarke, Efyiith,

deceased, for 301 Days Pay, as an Extra Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 25th February 1783, Sib Day of his Decease - - - - <- 4511 10 -i-

To Edzi-J Fenwick, Gent for 134 Days Pay arInspector '1

of the Claims of Refugees in South Caroling to 90th July 1780 - - - 67 -J-1

To Mr. Peter Bernard, for 475 Days Pay, as Apothecary

to the Forces in America, to 24th June 1783 - ,; 9*98 in

To Captain Wall, for 182 Days Pay, as Co&ttMuttlMit < '

of the African Corps, and Istand of Goree, to 24th June 1783 - - - 182 — m-

To Messrs. Gray and Ogihie, for the Pay of I'd Surgeons Mates, stationed with the several Companies of the ’ ift Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, fctrfe^etrtfth ' 1

Posts in Jamaica, between 24th June uttd'Sjflh December 1778 - ^: .: 278 Vt &

To D*, for the Pay of 9 D*, stationed with D*, between ' 7

24th December 1778 and 25th June 1779 ' - - 977 <8 11

To D*, for the Pay of 12 D#, stationed with D*, bttweett

24th June and 25th December 1779 - - - 278 *0 6

To 1)*, for the Pay of 9 D*, stationed with D*, betSveen

24th December 1779 and 25th June 1780 * 278 6

To Captain P. de Meyem, for 365 Days Pay, ‘ii Cc^hkl !

of the Battalion of Orange Rangers in AttieriM, to 24th December *783 - - - - ' ‘ i89 *0 * — '

To L. G. Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay, as Cottitftissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d NbVWrott*

1783 .^ 460 —

To Messrs. Gray and Ogihie, for the Pay of 11 ShrgeOfts

Mates, stationed with the several DetqjCbmfetits Of Major Dairy tuple's Corps, at separate Posts inJa&dka,

between the 6th March 1777 and 15th September

1781.....' - >

To Lieut. T. Fraser, for 107 Days Pay, as Mkjor of Brigade in the West Indies, to loth April 1782 ToJ(7in Craigie, Esquire, for 365 Days -Payitss Deputy Commissary General in Canada, to 24th June 1783 -To J. W. Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in D*, to 20th October 1783 -To N. Day, Esquire, for 115 Days Pay, as Commissary in D*, to D°

To Jaf Farquharson, Esquire, for 434 Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in D*, to 1st September 1783 -To Lieut. Colonel North, in Part of a Warrant of this Date, being lo much thereof as is for his Pay as Cap. tain, for 15.5 Days, to 24th December 1782 -

To Messrs. Car, Cox, and Greenwood, for the Pay of 18 additional Surgeons Mates, attending the several Detachments of the 79th Regiment of Foot at separate Posts in Jamaica, between the 24th June 1779 and 25th December 1781 -

To D°, for the Pay of 4 D*, attending D* of the 85th Regiment of Foot, at separate Posts in D\ between 13th January 1781 and 25th December following -To D% for the Pay of 4 D*, attending D° of the 99th Regiment of Foot, at separate Posts in D*, between 2d February 1781 and 25th December following To John Campbell, Esquire, for 365 Days Allowance as Governor of Newfoundland, and the Territories dependent thereon in America, to 5th May 1783-

79* 4 *-53 *0 — 547 *' —

3O5 -

230----

434 -

77 10 —

1,431 17 11 190 18 8

133 9 9 547 10 — ]

£- e. d.

To

24 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

*783-December 1$.

Dates of 5ecry. at War's Letters.

1783.

July 4. 3'-

September 1.

Dates of Warrants.

February 7.

M.

27-

March 3.

26.

July 2t>.

1782. October 16.

November 22. >7 $3-

February 7. Vol. 39.

150 Marfii. 1009

Army Extra.

—— 1 — ordinarun.

To. Major Hayman Rooke, for 3 Days Allowance, as Major in the late 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1783 -

To George Munro, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Com-

miflary of Stores in North Britain, to 24th December

>783 ....

£ t.

273 15 —

l82 10 T —

£, s.

To Mr. John Foote, for 99 Days Pay in Advance, to

23d September 1783, as Surgeon to the Forces in Canada - - 49 10 —

To Mr. Iloulton Harries, in Advance, on Account of his Pay as Surgeon to the Forces in the West Indies,

from 23th June 1783 - - - 50-----

To several Persons, for their Pay as Officers of the Hof-pitals for the Forces in America and the West Indies,

in the Years 1782 and 1783 - 1>482.-----

To Mr. John Musscn, for 91 Days Pay in Advance, to

30th Novcmhcr 1783, as Hospital Mate in Jamaica - 34 2 6

To Mr. llish Bisset, for 91 Days I)°, to D*, as D" 34 2 6

46,912 4 4

To Mcflrs. Kempt and Son, for Necefiaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, and for the Charge of Oatmeal, and Money issued to

the Officers ----- 2,476 15 3

To M< Hh. Tod and Company, to pay a Bill drawn by the Koval Bank of Scotland, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland for One Year, to Christmas

1782.....- - 509 4 8

To Lieut. General Mackay, Commander in North Britain, for his Expences for the Good of His Majesty’s

Service in that Part of the Kingdom - 300----

To David Skene, Esquire, for the 51st Years Allowance, for inspecting and superintending the Works carried on in repairing the Roads and Bridges in North Britain ----- 500-----

To Sir Jti Inglis, Baronet, and Th& Esquire,

for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces at Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus,

Fort George, and the Barracks of Bemera, Inverfnaid,

Corgaff, and Brsrmar, and the Out Post Stations in their Neighbourhood, from lit January 1782 to 31st December following ---- 2,882 18 7

To Lieut. Colonel Clive Pleydell, for Two Years Allowance, to 24th June 1782, for his Care and Trouble in assisting to complete a Plan of North Britain ----- 365 — —

To Joshua Darwin, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces at

Tynemouth Barracks and Cliftord’s Fort, from 29th January 1782 to

30th June following ---- 127 9 —

To Major General Scott, for One Year’s Allowance, to 28th September 1782, for additional Coals and Candles

fumished to the Guard in Windsor Castle - - 22-----

To Lieut. General Robinson, for Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces at Pendennis Castle, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 ----- 64 13 4

To Lieut. Governor Irving, in Part, and on Account, for supplying Coals and Candles to the Troops in

Guernsey, to 9th October 1782 - 900----

To Lieut. General Robinson, for furnishing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Pendennis Castle, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - - 76 7 4

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D* for the Forces in

Edinburgh Castle, from 1st April 1782 to 30th June following - -- -- - 238 16 —

12 A

7,033 18 6

To

Army Extra-ordioane*.

IOIO

15° Martii.

A. 1784.

Dates of Warrants.

1783.

March 14.

27-

April 25.

May 15.

21.

June 20.

26.

July 17.

4-

August 27.

September 5.

10.

October 9. -9-

November 6.

To Mr. Nick' Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, to 29th September

1782.....-

To Major Browne, for Coals, Candles, &c. for the

Forces at UpnorCastle, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

To John Dixon, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles

for the new Barracks atSheemefe, from 28th November 1782 to 19th February 1783 -To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - -

To M. Pierrepont, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 5th October 1782 to 5th April 1783 -

To Lieut. lVm Grant, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Cumberland Fort, from 16th August 1782 to 16th February 1783 To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D8 for the Forces

in Edinburgh Castle, from ift July 1782 to 30th September following -

To D8, for providing D8 for the Forces in D*, from ill October 1782 to 31st December following To D8, for providing D8 for the Forces in D8, from ift January 1783 to 31st March following -To Joshua Darwin, for providing D8 for the 26th Regiment of Foot at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from ift July 1782 to 31st December following - -

To Mr. H. Henderson, for repairing Utensils, and furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces at the Barracks at Hilfea, Portsmouth, &c.

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -To Niehf Fiott, Esquire, for Coals supplied for the Forces in Jersey, from 30th September 1782 to 28th April 1783 -

To D8, for D8 supplied D\ from 23d April 1782 to 30th June following -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, and S' Nicholas Island, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To E.B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, Barrack Master of the Savoy, for providing Coals and Candles for additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards in the said Barracks, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To General Conway, for Candles for the Forces in Jersey, from 29th September 1782 to 24th March

>783* - - :....

To Tluf Best, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in Dover Castle, from 25th June 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To Lieut. G. Robinson, for D8 for the Forces at Pen-dennis Castle, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To Lord Elphinstone, for D8 for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from ift April to 30th June 1783 Tq I)8, for D* for the Forces in D°, from ift July to 30th September 1783 -

To EihJ Kent, Esquire, for D8 for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 26th August 1783 to 5th October following -

To Lieut. Governor Irving, for the Balance of his Account for Coals and Candles for the Troops in Guernsey, from 4th April 1782 to 5th April 1783 *

Jo Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces in Barracks at Plymouth Dock -

£. s. d.

449 13 8

44 8 —

36 4 6

500-----

2,072 6 3 129 13 2

213 19 6

226 — 2 231 2 9

135 12 —

1,778 6 4

182 1 1

2,044 3 *»

34i 7 —

653 18 1

£ t.

255

174 9 —

888 8 2

38 4 —

215 6 —

184 2 6

190 G 9

2,536 10 6

500 . -r -

T#

24 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1783.

November 21.

December 18.

February 10.

March 14.

April 14.

25-

July 9.

February 21.

July 17.

November 26.

1782.

July 4.

Vol. 39.

III.

15® Martii.

To Lieut Wm Grant, for providing Coals and Candles for the Forces in Cumberland Fort, and for the Sick in tlte Hospital at South Sea Castle, from 16th February 1783 to 16th August following -To Lieut Governor Singleton, for D® for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 ....

To Lieut General Manners, for Grass Money for the Dragoons, in the Summer 1782 -

To Lieut. General Johnston, for D° for the 6th Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer -To the Earl of Pembroke, for D* for the 1 ft Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer -To General Honeywood, for D* for the 3d Regiment of

Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer -To Lieut General Johnston, for D® for the 11th Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer -To Sir George Howard , for D* for the lft Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer -To Lieut. General Carpenter, for D° for the 4th Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer -To Major Lister, for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons, in 1)° Summer -

To Sir G. A. Eliott, for D® for the 15th Regiment of 1 tragoons, in D® Summer -To Lord Southampton, for D* for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -

To Sir //. Clinton, for D® for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer -

To Lieut. General Pitt, for D® for the 10th Regiment

19th

£ s. d. 78 11 11

202^19 9

Regiment of 957 17 —

638 !3 —

638 13 — 638 13 —

638 13 — 957 17 —

638 13 —

286 — 10

957 17 — 641 5 6

638 13 —

638 13 — 638 13 — 638 13 — 5H 10 9

of Dragoons, in D® Summer -To Lieut. General Preston, for D® for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer -To Lord Tounshend, for D® for the 2d Regiment of

Dragoon G uards, in D* Summer -To Major General Douglas, for D® for the 21st Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer - -

To Sir G.A. Eliott, for extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Necessaries, &c. for the Non-commissioned Ollicers and Private Men of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, whillt attending the Royal Family, for One

Year, to 24th April 1782 ----- 300----

To Lord Sheffield, for Grals Money for the 2 2d Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1782 - - - 358 4 7

To Major General Harcourt, for D® for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer - ... 791 12 6

To Major General Phillipson, for D® for the 20th Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer - - - - 548 7 2

To Major General Manners, for extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Necefl'aries, &c. for the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Dragoons, whilst attending the Royal Family, for One Year, to 24th April 1783 - 300----

To Lieut. General Trapaud, for Levy Money and Bounty for 1,000

Men of the 52d Regiment of Foot - - - - 3»i5o-

To Major General S’ John, for D®for 1,000 Men of the

36th Regiment of Foot - - - - 3,150 — -

To D®, for D® for One Company added to D® Regiment ---- - 252-----

To General Trapaud, for D® for One D® added to the

52d Regiment of Foot ---- 241 10 —

To Mefirs. Meyrick, to complete Bounty of Levy Money to l'undry Men re-attested of the 36th and 3 2d Regiments of Foot - ----- 307 17 2

To Captain Pilkington, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Company of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to 15th February 1782 (exclufrve) the Commencement of their Establishment - 252 19 —

IOII

Array Extra-ordinaries.

£. d.

15,732 — 8

12,361 9 4

7,101 7 2

To

Army Eitra-urdmarie*.

1012

Dates of Warrants.

1783. March 37.

June 21.

September 5.

1782. December 6.

1783-February 7

150 Martii.

A- 1784.

Tq Captain Crewe, for the Subsistence of tire Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Company of Foot, from the rdpc6tive Dates of their Atteliations to 10th Au«uft 1782 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - *>424 13 2

To Lord Rmedon, to complete the Levy Money, Subsistence, and contingent Expences of the 10.5th Regiment of Foot, previous to its being placed on the FTtablishment of Ireland ----- 7,204 3

To Captain T. G. Enron, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Company of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to 20th September 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Lftabhshment - - - 111610

To MelTrs. Car, Muir, and Car, to enable them to nohnburfe the Non-commissionud Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from the 25th December 17S1 to 24th June 1782 -

To Messrs. Hesse, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments, &c. of Foot, Rationed in Barracks, from 2.5th December 1780 to 24th December 17S1 -To D*, for the Allowance of D# to sundry D", stationed in Barracks, from 2.5th December 1781 to 24th June

1782....

24. To A’. Collycr, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - -

To B. Andrews, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 30th Ruiiment of Foot, the Stoppages made

for D°, from D° to D#....

To Messrs. Gray anil to enable them to re-

imburse D* of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to I)°

To Messrs. Airy rick, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of D*, die Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D* -To A Icy Adair, F.squire, for the Allowance of Bread Money for the 2.5th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Tynemouth Barracks and Edinburgh Castle, from 14th June 1779 toqth February 1782 - -

March .5. To F. Eluin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 2.5th June 1782 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks -

To tVmCoudai, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to I)*, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at D° Barracks -

To Messrs. Ru!>ert$, to enable them to reimburse D* of.sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for 1)°, from D* to D°, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 27th and 38th Regiments, and Captain L. P. Jones's Independent Company of Foot at D* Barracks -

To K. Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D" of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D° to D°, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment at D* Barracks -27. To Messrs. C'o.v and C*, to enable them to reimburse I)* of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D#, from I)0 to D° -April 4. To J. Hockett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 3d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to I)°

2,822 17 4

i»597 —

738 5 —

200 2 6

98 2 5

2,518 8 4

1,815 11 5

i,35i 8 3

106 18 3

too 11 —

276 3 9

126 5 9 2,518 5 6 98 2 5

<L

8,993 — 3

To

24 Geo. III.

150 Martii.

1013

Dates of Warrants.

1783-.

April 4.

July 17.

23-

30>

August

8.

September 10.

To Alc.iT Adair, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Toot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th June

1752 to 24th December following -

To A. Anderson, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the ift Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, and an additional Company to the 2d Battalion of the said Regiment, the Stoppages made for D*, from D° to D* -

To Molli s. Bisshopp and C*, to enable them to reimburse I)* of l'undry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D" to D° - -

To Mollis. Fitter and C°, to enable them to reimburse D° of l'undry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D*, and for the Allowance of Bread Monty to the 69 th Regiment of Foot at Chatham Barracks -

To All:irAdair, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D* of lundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June

1753 -

To Meth s. Cor, to enable them to reimburse D* of fun-

dry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* -To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D’ of l'undry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for I)*, from D° to D" - -

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of fandry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for \y, from I)® to D°

To Andnu' Laurie, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread

Money to sundry Independent Companies of Foot at Chatham Barracks, from 25th December 1781 to 29th June 1782 -

To Meflis. Cor, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments of Foot at Jer in the Years

1770, 1780, 1781, 1782, and 1783 -

To Me Hr s. Ross and Gray, for D® to sundry Recruiting Parties and Recruits of different Regiments of Foot at Chatham Barracks, in 1779 -To B. Andrews, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 30th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon's and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Corps of Foot at Portsmouth and Chatham Barracks, from ill July 1782 to 31st December following -

To F. FJuyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-commissioned Officers £tnd Private Men of the 70th and the American Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaltcr’s Allowances, from 23th December 1782 to 24th June 17S3, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the 70th Regiment at Chatham Barracks To A. Anderson, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the ift Battalion, and of One additional Company to the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D® -To E. Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Sth Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Melfrs. Ccr and Cor, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Detachment of Foot Guards in America, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To // " Caudal, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 23th December 1782 to 24th June 1783, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of

£. s. <L

453 17 4

148 32 10 1,227 J4 6

Army Extra-ordinaries.

271 9 —

437 5 5 2,307 10 4 2,328 12 3 1,644 12 —

154 9 7

9,262 5 —

155 9 5

98 2 5

174 »7 4

Vol. S9-

the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks

12 B

151 8 5

156 10 4 104 i£ —

251 8 4

95 5 9

To

Arm} Extra-ortiinarifs.

1014

150 Ma.

A. 1784.

Dates of Warrants

17S3-

October 2. To J. Hockett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 3d Regipicnt of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

December 5. To N. Collyer, Esquire, for Bread Money to the 75th

Regiment of Foot, at Plymouth Dock Barracks, from 10th May 1782 to 30th June following 18. To Messrs. Meyrick, for D® to sundry Regiments of Foot in Barracks, from ift January 1783 to 26th June following -

To Messrs. Cox, Car, and for D® to the 18th

Regiment of Foot, from 29th April 1781 to 6th April 1783; and to the 83d Regiment of Foot, from 29th May 1779 to 18th January 1783, at Guernsey To George Best, Esquire, for D® to Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Plymouth Barracks, from 26th July 1782 to 24th October 1783 -

£. d.

98 2 5 121 10 8

35i 3 —

4,183-----

624 8 4

February 7.

24*

27.

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Durham and Merionethftiire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paytnafter’s Allowances, from the

25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782" - - 65 18 4

To E. Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Hertfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following ---- 76128

To . Hunter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the North Hampffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - 73 17 —

To H. Critchett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D° ----- 73 17 —

To G. Amt, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cambridgeftiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° - - - - 65 14 —

To D®, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Isle of Man Fencible Men, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D®..... 42 — 10

To T. I. Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dorset and East Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Buckingharnffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Leicester and Warwickshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To K. Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Northamptonffiire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

To Messrs. Bisshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse

D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D°

To Ja, Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To C.Graves, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®of the North Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D®

To S. Holliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Somerset Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

To Ale.vr Adair, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D* -To Messrs. Hejfe, to enable them to reimburse D® of the South Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D* -

161 11 10 84 15 10 185 16 8

110 18 10

581 6 — 84 4 10 97 15 8 "3 5 — 651 14 7 66 7 3

To J. Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Carnarvon and Flintshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D* - - - 30 4 6

£ i* d.

39,170 12 7

To

24 Geo. III.

150 Martit

Date3 of Warrants.

*783.

February 27.

March 26.

27.

April 4.

6.

May 15.

38.

September 19.

24.

1782. September 11.

1 /83-March 26.

April 25.

May 15.

Vo i. 39.

To J. Radcliffe, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the South Devon Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 To Messrs. Conway and Ptart, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stop-

Eiges made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th ecember following To Jrf Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Denbighshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D\ from D* to D*

To JVm Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West and East Efifex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D* of the 1 ft West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from D® to D® -To IVU Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*

of the West and East Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D® -To T. Brent, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from D* to D° -To R. B. Cox, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Oxfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

To Messrs. Cox and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D’, from D° to D° -To G. Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D#

of the Derbyshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -To Messrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Surrey and Anglesea Militia, the Stoppages for D®, from D* to D® -To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Corps of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® - -

To H. J. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 2d West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To the Earl of Ossory, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Bedford fl lire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - ‘ —

To T. Brooksbanlc, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the East Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th June 1782, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment at Dover Castle -

To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Brecknockshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the West Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 To G. Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the Cheshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

£. s. d.

133 10 10

212 — 7 41 9 n 146 19 10 84 5 10 146 13 2 86 13 4

148 6 2 582 9 5

79 J3 5 174 15 2 161 9 6

84 5 10 72 7 2

419 »9 — 23-----

74 18 3

150 11 8

For the Marches, &c. of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December

1779 to 24th June 1780 ----- 117 6 —

For the D* of the 90th Regiment of Foot, from 25th November 1779 to 24th December 1780 - 623 10 6

For the D* of the 91st Regiment of Foot, from 27th

July 1779 to 24th December 1780 - - - 834 18 6

For the D* of the 42d Regiment of Foot, from 25th June

1780 to 24th June 1781 ----- 552---

1015

S. dm Army Extra-ordinaries.

5,398 9

For

Array Extru-ord inane®.

1016

Dates of Warrant®.

150 Martiu

30. August 8.

1/83- .

May 28. For the Marches, See. of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 2.1th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 For the D® of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -June 26. For the D® of the 69th Regiment of Foot, from D®

to D*....

For the D® of Captain A. Independent Company of Foot, from 13th April 1781 to 24th June following ——

July 17. For the D® of the 6th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780, to 24th December following For the D° of the tft Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 -For the D# of the Duke of Fencible Men,

from 2.5th June 1781 to 24th December following For the I)0 of Colonel s D®, from D® to D® r

For the D® of D# Regiment, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

13. For the D* of the 29th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

27. For the D* of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1774 to 24th June 1775 For the D° of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1775 to 24th December following -

For the D° of the 88th Regiment of Foot, from 25th July 1779 to 24th December following -For the D® of the 2ift Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 For the D° of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -September 10. For the D° of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th December 1774 to 24th December 177.5 -For the D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 -

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 -

For the D" of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 ----- T

For the D® of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -

For the 1)' of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

19. For the 1)° of 1)° Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

For the I)° of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1775 to 24th June 1776 For the D® of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December following -For the I)® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 -

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following -

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th Decomber 1777 to 24th June 1778 -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to

24th December following -

October 2. For the 1)® of the Duke of Gordon’s Fencible Men, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D° of the 65th Regiment of loot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

£ s. d.

5 2 10 —

C3 14 —

192 *9 6

33 15 — -

89 3 6

244 3 —

132 13 6

113 17 3

83 17 8

73 13 6

86 7 6

73 14 11

177 12 6

124 3 6

86 10 1 — -

211 17 6

>38 — —

109 18 6

24 6 6

68 7 6

110 - 6

97 1 11 -

120 6 6

A. 1784.

£ > i.

28 14 — 194 11 6

101 12 6 98 3-54 10 —

97 16 6 59 18 — 65 3 6 88 15 — 138 9 6

120 10 IO *

11216 6

For

24 Geo. III.

15° Martii.

Dates of Warrant®.

1178.1.

November 6.

26.

1782. December 12.

For the Marches, &c. of the 2d Battalion of the 60th £ Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 - - - 188 17 —

For the D° of Captain A. Pyncs Independent Company,

from 5th June to 23d September 1781 - - - 53 11 —

To Lieut. General Boyd, for the contingent Disbursements of the 39th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December fol-

1783-March 21.

May 21.

28.

June 6.

20.

20.

July 23.

August 27.

September 24.

October 2. Vol. 39.

lowing

To 1 ieut. General Parker, for D* of the 20th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June

1779 ....

To Lieut. General Baugh, for D® of the 58th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to- 24th December following - -

To Lieut. General Cary, for D* of- the 43d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - - - .

To D°, for D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To Earl Cornwallis, for D® of the 33d Regiment of

Foot, from D° to D* -To Sir R. Pigot, for D® of the 38th Regiment of Foot,

from I)* to D*

To Sir K. Cuote, for D® of the 37th Regiment of Foot, from 23th June 1780 to 24th December 1781 - -

To Major General Campbell, for D* of the 57th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December

following -

To Sir ll m Erskine, for D® of the 80th ftegiment of Foot, from D® to D* -To Sir Rol/Hamilton, for D* of the 40th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D* -To Lieut. General Grant, for D* of the 53th Regiment of Foot, from D* to D®

To General Abercromby, for D® of the 44th Regiment of Foot, from D* to D* -

To Lieut. General Parker, for D® of the 20th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December

1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To General Gage, for D® of the 22d Regiment of Foot, from 23th June 1780 to 24th December following To the Representatives of Colonel JI1 Lean, for D® of the 82d Regiment, of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To D®, for D® of I)® Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1779 - -

To the Earl of Eglintonne, for D*of the 51 ft Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To Lieut. General Morris, for D® of the 61st Regiment of Foot, from D* to D® - -

To the Earl of Harrington, for D® of the 85th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June

1780 - ....

To Colonel Keating, for D® of the 8Slh Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® -To I)®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following,

To Lieut. General Tayler, for D* of the 24th Regiment of Foot, from 23th June 1779 to 24th December following -

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 17S0 -

To D°, for D° of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

To Lieut. General Rains ford, for D® of the 44th Regiment of Foot, from 23th December 1780 to 24th June

1781 -

82 7

71 6 9

94 6 4

103 7 4

87 8 7

59 6 -

47 9 1 11

263 4 -

72 9 4

110 7 9

154 J9 6

187 14 2

88 7 10

54 5 6

55 19 6

99 12 —

129 »3 2

328 — —

14 2

»55 12. —

155 t6 —

73 7 6

68 7 —

55 5 —

43 3 —

66 2 —

48 4

12 C

IQI7

Army Extra-ordinaries.

£. s. d.

6,040 7 2 .

To

ioi8

Army Extra- Date* of Warrant* ordinaries* __

1783. October 2.

9-

24.

29.

November 21. December 18.

1782. November 15.

1783.

March 14.

26.

150 Martii.

To GeneriH Cary, for the contingent Disbursements of the 43d Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - - - - 76 8 —

To Lieut General Grant, for D® of the 55th Regiment

of Foot, from D® to D® - 108 7 9

To Colonel Gunning, for D* of the 82d Regiment of

Foot from D® to D* - - - 71 7 2

To Lieut General Baugh, for D* of the 58th Regiment

of Foot, from D° to L)° - - - 113 19 —

To Lieut. General Preston, for D® of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, from toth April 1775 to 24th December following - 168 it —

To D®, for D* of D# Regiment, from 35th December

1775 to 24th June 1776 - - - - 93 12 —

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1776

to 24th December following - - - 99 12 —

To D®, for D® of D* Regiment, from 25th December

1776 to 24th June 1777 - -- 69 8 0"

To D°, for D* of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1777

to 24th December following - -. - - 96 3 —

To D°, for D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December

1777 to 24th June 1778 - 75 9 —

To 1)*, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778

to 24th December following - - - - 88 3 6

To D°, for D® of D* Regiment, from 25th December

1778 to 24th June 1779 - - - 80 16 —

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1779

to 24th December following - - - - 194136

To D#, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December

1779 to 24th June 1780 ----- 123 15 —

To D®, for D® of D* Regiment, from' 25th June 1780

to 24th December following - - - - 97156

To D®, for D* of D* Regiment, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - 97 14 - —

To Major General Campbell, for D® of the 57th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - - - - 76172

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for D® of the 51st Regiment

of Foot, from 20th December 1780 to 24th June

1781 - - -.....131 3 5

To D®, for D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1781

to 24th December following - - - 3217 —

To Lieut General Morris, for D® of the 61st Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1780 to 241I1 June 1781 ----- - 115 17 4

To D®, for D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1781

to 24th December following ... - 21 10 6

To the Earl of Harrington, for D® of the 85th Regiment of Foot, from D* to D® - - - 44 — 6

To Lieut General Vaughan, for D® of the 46th Regiment of Foot, from D* to D® - - - 271 12 —

For the Marches, 8$c. of the Oxfordshire Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - -

For the D* of the 2d West Riding York D®, from D®

to D* ——

For the D® of the Surrey D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Hertfordshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the Somersetftiire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the South Lincoln D®, from 25th June

1780 to 24th December following - -

For the D° of the Sutsex D°, from D* to D* -For the D" of the Buckingharnfhiie D®, from 23th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of the Cambriclgcthire D®, from 25th June

1781 to 24th December following -

For the D* of the Her kill ire D®, from 23th December

*779 to 24th June 1780 - -

For the 1)° of D® Regiment, from 23th June 1780 to 24th December following -For the D* of the Glamorganshire Militia, from D® to D® - - - -....

120 " - '

170 5 —

248 3 6

113 13 —

302 12 —

244 3 —

158 13 —

230 2 —

143 8 7

»77 6 —

131 8 —

99 5 —

A. 1784.

£ d.

5,218 13 *

For

.24 Geo.

Dates of Warrant'.

1783-

March 26.

27-

31-

April 4. 16.

2

May l.> Vol-

III. 150 Martii.

1O19

7 Army Extra* *' a' ordinaries*

For the Marches, &c. of the South Lincoln Militia, from 8.5th December 1780 to 24th June 178^ -

For the D® of the West Middlesex D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 *-

For the D° of the East Kent D\ from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of the North Gloucester D°, from D® to D® -For the D* of the Berk shire D°, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781....

For the D° of the Oxfordshire D*, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D* of the Staffordshire D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D° of the Glamorganshire D*, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the L)* of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D° of the West Middlesex Militia, from D® to D®....

For the D® of the Sufi’ex D*, from D* to D*

For the D* of the Nottingham D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the Shropshire D®, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of the Nottinghamshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Shropshire D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th Dcceml>er following -For the D* of the North Devon D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of the Cumberland D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Huntingdonshire D®, from D* to D® -For the D* of the West Fli'ex D®, from D* to D*

For the D® of the North Lincoln D®, from D® to D°

For the D® of the Carnurvonshire D®, from 25th June

1781 to 24th December following -

For the 1)® of the Cumberland D®, from D* to D*

For the D® of the Westmoreland D®, from D® to D*

For the D® of the South Lincoln D®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Welt Kent D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Lancashire D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the lluntingdonshire D®, from D* to D® -F’or tire D* of the Northumberland D®, from D® to D® -For the D* of tire Montgomeryllrire D®, from D® to D® For tire D® of the Carmarthctrshire D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 17S1 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

For the D* of the Leiccftorshire Militia, from 25th June 1780 to 24th June 1781 - -

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For tire D* of the Warwickllrire D®, from D® to D°

For the D® of the 1 ft West Riding York D®, from D*

Tor the D® of the East Middlesex D®, from D° to D* -F’or the D® of the I lertfordflrire D®, from D® to D®

F'or the D* of the Sourersetshire IF®, from D® to D®

For tire D°of the Isle of Wight D®, from 25th December

1780 to 24th December 1781 -

For the 1)* of tire North Devon D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For tire I)® of the Rutland D® from D* to D® - -

For the D® of lire Buckinghanrflrtre D®, from D® to D* -F or the D® of the West Ltj'ex D®, from D® to D® -For the D®of the Monmoutlrflrirc D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - - - - ,

For tl re D" of the Nottinghainllrire D®, from 25th June

1781 to 24th December following -

For the D® of the Montgomeryshire D®, from 25th December 17S1 to 24th June 1782 -

For tire D* of the We ft mi after D®, from D® to D* -For the D® of the Buckinghatnflrire D®, from D® to D® -

i,f* s. r7.

118 1 —

260 13 6

174 12 6 147 12 —

181 7 —

273 -

565 13 —

157 »2 6

68 3 6

228----

203 7 2

198 10 6

297 10 — 162 n —

237 13 6

221 1 6

223 5 6 171 10 — 235 10 6 410 10 —

117 2 —

64 17 — 130 17 — 228. 9 -

99 4 6

95 7 6

217 6 6 193 19 6 177 5 —

154 10 6

; 163 4 6

314 14 —

252 16 — 248 7 6

168 16 6

151 7 —

187 15 —

332 3 —

62 7 —

271 13 —

85 6 — 190 5 C 128 16 —

140 18 —

152 15 —

110 9 6 200 10 8 290 9 6

For

Army Extra-ordinaries

1020

Dates of Warrant?.

17R3.

May 15.

31.

38.

June 6.

20.

26.

July 4.

17-

23-

August 8. 13-

150 Martii.

For the Marches, &c. of the East Middlesex Militia, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 For the D® of the Leicesterlhii'c 1>°, from D® to D*

For the D* of the Somersetshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the Lancashire D°, from D® to D® -For the D* of the North Hampshire D®, from D° to D* For the D° of the Rutlandshire D®, from D* to D®

For the D* of the Northamptonshire D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of the ill West Riding York D®, from 25th

December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D# of the Merionethshire D®, from 25th June

1781 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the ift West Riding York D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -For the D* of the Radnorshire D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of D® Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D#of the Denbighshire D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of D# Regiment, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of the East Essex Militia, from 23th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 - -

For the D® of the Rutlandshire D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -For the D® of the Nottingham&ire D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -For the D® of the Durham D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

For the D" of the Nottinghamshire D®, from 25th June

1782 to 24th December following -

For the D® of the East Kent D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 - -

For the D® of the South Devon D®, from 25th December

1780 to 24th June 1781 - -

For the D®of the Leicestershire D®, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the Wiltshire D®, from 25th December

1781 to 24th June 1782....

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1782 to

24th December following -For the D° of the Monmouthshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D* of the Derbyftiire D®, from 25th December

1780 to 24th December 1781 - .

For the D® of the South Gloucester D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 -For the D® of the Brecknockshire D®, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of the Shropiliire D®, from 25th December

1781 to 24th December 1782 -

For the D® of the Cambridgeshire D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the Northamptonshire D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of the Pembrokcshire D.*, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1783 -For the D® of the East Riding York D®, from D* to D* -For the D® of the West Essex D®, from D* to D" -For the D* of the South Devon D®, from 23th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of the Derbyshire D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

For the D® of the 2d West Riding York D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of the Suflcx D®, from D® to December 1782 For the D® of the North Riding York D®, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779

£. s. d.

97 11 —

222-----

213 1t 6 251 17 ~ 134 17 ~ 61 16 6

200 12 6

138 6 — 48 8 6

*35 5 — 27 10 — 128 p — 194 11 — 97 8 4 322 17 6

68 10 — 116 1 —

73 *8 4

240 13 6

355 6 —

139 n —

211 11 6

279 3 6

309 16 —

227 13 —

555 -

276 3 — 104 4 4 446 4 —

132 2 — 152 12 — 181 16 6

202 15 — 401 1 —

329 11 —

225 16 6

593 9 —

264 18 6

233 *7 6 499----

395 *3 6

£ d.

For

15° Martiu

1021

24 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1783-Augtift 27.

For the Marches, See. of the Welt Suffolk Militia, from

25,th June 1779 to 24th December following -For the D® of the Dorsetshire I)*, from 25th December J 781, to 24th December 1782 -

For the D* of the South Lincoln D®, from D® to D® -September 5. For the D* of the Radnorshire D°, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -For the D® of the Surrey Militia, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -

24. For the D® of the Brecknockshire D#, from D" to D® -For the D* of D® Militia, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of 1)° Militia, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

Jsovember 6. For the D® of the Worcestershire D®,

1781 to 24th December following-For the D® of D° Militia, from 25th

to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of D® Militia, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following -

*4- For the D* of the North Riding York D®, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 For the D* of D® Militia, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781 -

26. For the D* of tire Warwickshire Militia, from 25th De-cciiiIk-t 1781 to 24th December 1782 -

December 5. For the D® of the Westminster D®, from 25th December 17S0 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of D® Militia, from 25th June 1782 to 24th Dtceinber following -

tS. For the D® of the Surrey D®, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

from 25th June December 1781

March 26.

April lb.

2*.

May IJ.

February 14.

March 21. April 14. 2.').

July 9.

1 i ®

Oclobir 24. You :>9.

For the contingent Disbursements of the Flintshire Militia, June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D* of tire Sussex D®, from D* to D*

For the D*of the Westmoreland D®, from 25th December

1750 to 24th June 1781 -

For the D® of the North Lincoln D®, from 25th June

1751 to 24th December following -For the D® of the North Hampshire D®, from D® to D*

For the D* of the South Hampshire D®, from 25th June

1779 to 24th December following -For the D® of the South Gloucester D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December following -For the D* of the Hertfordshire D®, "from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of the Monmouthshire D®, from D® to D® -

» VJ s

Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782 To I.icut. General Morrison, for providing D® for the 7,'rth Regiment of Foot, for D® Year . - -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing D® for the Forces at Gibraltar - -

To I)®, for providing D* for Two Battalions of Foot, (b inned for Foreign Service -To M. G. Harcourt, for providing D® for the 16th Re-

ciinent of Dragoons, for the Year 1782 -To Jnn7 rotter, Ll’quire, for providing D* for the Use of the Forces ----- a

To Lieut. General Cunninghame, for providing D® for the 14th Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782 -To Lieut. General Jcnes, for providing D® for the 2d Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1782 -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing sundry Marquees for the Forces Abroad - -

s. d.

281 16 9

404 6 —

319 7 6

75 19 6

23 9 —

184 7 6

26 8 —

96 18 —

24 8 6

92 4 —

175 — 6

*53 16 6

3i4 18 . 6

465 18 6

454 4 —

133 2 —

137 19 —

182 17 —

1, from 25th

64 11 —

192 17 11

97 7 6

87 14 6

95 »7 _

203 15 —

165 12 —

85 16 6

139 — —

for the 96th

223 17 1 6

139 5 10

3,257 7 2

365 8 8

769 10 —

793 1 3

166 12 —

232 13 —

1,683 2 —

£. i- i-

24,443 9 *

1,132 n 5

12 D

7,630 17 5 To

Army Extr* ordinarito.

Army Extraordinaire#.

1022

Dates of Warrants*

>7*3-January 24.

February 14* April 4. July 4.

15° Martii.

A. 1784.

To Colonel Charles Spencer, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for

1782. October 30.

1783.

January 29.

February 17. 19-

March 5. April 4.

the Oxfordshire Militia, for the Year 1782 To Colonel Vansittart, for providing D° for the Berkshire Militia, for D8 Year -

To Colonel Rodd, for providing D* for the Cornwall Militia for D8 Year -

To Sir Jn° JVodehouse, for providing D* for the East Nor-

folk Militia, for D* Year To the Duke of Richmond, for providing D* for the Sussex Militia, for D8 Year -To Colonel Parker, for providing D° for the South Devon Militia, for D* Year -

To Earl Temple, for providing D* for the Buckingham-

shire Militia, for D* Year -

£ i"9 4 —

188 18 — 204 13 6

143 i4 —

235 16 —

>49 1 —

190 2 —

t. d.

June 13.

20.

August 27. October 9.

To Lieut. General Boyd, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 39th Regiment of Foot, loft and destroyed, since the 12th April 1781, at Gibraltar ----- 117 iG 6

To Sir Charles Grey, to replace sundry D* belonging to the 28th Regiment of Foot, lost or destroyed on actual Service, in the Year 1782 - - - - 21136

To D°, to replace sundry Cloathing belonging to D*

Regiment, which were burnt in the Fire that broke out in the Island of Antigua, on the 10th April 1782 - 255 12 4

To Lieut. General Style, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 3d Regiment of Foot, which were loft on actual Service, between the 13th August 1781 and 17th November following - 472 12 —

Ta Lieut. General Morris, to make good sundry Cloathing of the 61st Regiment of Foot, loft at Miuorca, in the Year 1781 ----- 270 2 —

To Major General Tottenham, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 90th Regiment of Foot, loft or rendered unfit for Service by the Hurricane at Barbadoes and S* Lucia ----- 209 1 9

To Major Ellis, being advanced by him to sundry Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 89th Regiment of Foot, in lieu of Cloathing loft and destroyed by the Hurricane at S‘ Lucia - >38 2 —

To Lieut. General Rainsford, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 99th Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the combined Fleets - - 626 11 —

To Colonel <S‘ Leger, to replace sundry D# of the 86th Regiment of Foot, taken, loft, and rendered unfer-viceable, in the West Indies ----- 391 3 6

To Earl Cornwallis, to replace sundry D* of the 33d Regiment of Foot, loft on actual Service in America - 75 10 —

To Major General Mathew, to replace sundry D* of the 62d Regiment of Foot, loft or taken on actual Service in America ----- - 304 7 3

To the Representatives of Colonel M‘Lean, to replace sundry D° of the 8 2d Regiment of Foot, loft by Fire and Shipwreck - 163162

To Lieut. General Morris, to replace sundry D8 of the 61st Regiment of Foot, which were delivered up to the Enemy on the Capitulation of the Garrison of Minorca ----- - 365 17 —

1,291 10 6

1782.

July 11.

>783-

February 14-

To Major General Skene, in lieu of 83 Days Net Off-reckonings of Additional to the 99th Regiment of Foot - 73 3 6

To Messrs. Ross and Grey, to make good the Deficiency on the Asignment of Off-reckonings of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, to .5th July 1781, occasioned by the Reduction of that Regiment -December 18. To General Trapaud, in lieu of 96 Days Net Offreckonings of Additionals to the 52d Foot - -

To D8, in lieu of 49 Days D° of D8 to D8 Regiment

Regiment of

701-----

214 — 10

53 4 l

3,601 15 —

1,041 8 5

To

24 Geo. III.

150 Martiu

1023

Dales of Warrants,

1783.

March 5.

To General Trapaud, for Baggage and Forage Money to Ten Lieu-

tenants and a Surgeon’s Mate added to the 52d Regiment of Foot,

21.

31-

June 20.

26.

July 23.

being ordered to serve Abroad To Major General Aimlie and Lord , for Bat,

Baggage, and Forage for taking the Field with the Light Brigade formed at Coxheath, in the Year

1782....

To Captain Femcick, for Bat, Baggage, and 100 Days Forage for his Company of Foot w bilft encamped at Guernsey, in the Year 1781 -To Messrs. Bisshopp and C% to be by them paid over

to several Officers of the 2d 7 tft Regiment of Foot, for Winter Forage, while serving in South Carolina -To Major General Douglas, for Bat, Blanket, Baggage, and Forage Money, for Four Companies of the 104th Regiment of Foot, they having taken the Field in the Summer 1782, at Guernsey -To the Officers of a Light Brigade at Grange Camp, 1782, for Bat, Baggage, and Forage -To Major General Harcourt, for 100 Days Forage to the Officers of Three Troops of his Regiment of Dragoons, being ordered to provide Bat Horses in May 1782 - -

For Field Allowances to the several Regiments at Gibraltar, for the Campaigns 1779, 17 > an(l 1781

£.68 15

Army Extra* ordinaries.

£. d

88 15 —

48 15 "

53 12

245 — —

88 15

242 10 —

12,363 15 —

13.199 *7 $

Dates of SeciY- *t War’s Letter*.

1783-

February 15*

To the Agents of the several Regiments of Militia, being Fourteen Days Subsistence, as a Bounty to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men from the Day of Disbandment, to enable them to reach

their respective Homes -March 31. To Messrs. Harrison and , on Account of 14 Days Suhfistence of the Staffordffiire Militia, from 25th March 1783 -

April 30. To Messrs. Meyricks, to enable the Paymaster of the Sfuh Regiment of Foot to proceed in the Settlement with the Private Men of that Regiment, previous to their Discharge -

Dales of Warrants.

13.961 5 4

3S7 4 4

285

1783.

Murch 5. To John C hark ton, Esquire, upon Account, for sundry contingent Dif*

burfements for Hospitals, &c. - 2,000-----

August 20. To D*, upon Account, for D* Service ... 1,500----

October 24. To D*, upon Account, fur D* Service - 1,500 -

1782.

July

November 8.

1783.

February

14.

24.

April 4.

Vo 1.. 09.

To Captain E. M. Worsley, to make good the usual Allowance of contingent Men for the Isle of Wight Militia, from 17th September 1779 to 25th December 1781 ——

To Samuel Ball, for the Value of 60 Spanish Musquets of his Property, which were seized at the Time of the rebellious Insurrections in June 1780, and delivered over to the Order of the Commander in Chief

To Lieut. General Hale, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command in the Midland District, during the Campaign 1782 -

To Major General Morrison, for the contingent Expences of the Assistants to the Quarter Matter General, and Pay of an extra Assistant and Clerk, in the Year 1782 -

To I)0, to be by him paid over to several Persons, for the Hire of sundry Grounds for the Encampments in the Year 1782, and Damages done thereon ——

To If-Chamberlayne, Esquire, to be by him paid over to sundry Persons for carrying into Execution the Impress Act -To Jit Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries fumithed by him for the Isle of the Foot Guards in the Barracks in the Tower of London, and for the Lamps lighted on Tower Hill, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1783....

14,633 11 2

5,000----

64 18 11

36----

41 12 11

298 14 4

137 18 — 400 — 6

616 13 2 To

Diaiti7pH k«

C-

Army Extra-onlinanti.

10^4

15° Martiu

A. 1784.

Dates of Warrants.

*783*

April 4.

11.

16.

May 28.

June 6.

‘3-

*4.

2 6.

July 4.

9-

Sec nr. at War’s Letter.

July 15. Dates of Warrants.

1783-

July 25.

August 8.

To Major Bailey, for sundry Expenses incurred by liim, in superin-tending the Embarkation of Parties, Camp Equipage, See. for the Forces on Foreign Service, from 11th March 1782 to 10th March

1783 ....

To Lieut. General Mormon, for providing Knapsacks for the 75th Regiment of Foot -

To General Haviland', for his contingent Expences, for the Forces encamped under his Command, in the Neighbourhood of Plymouth, during the Campaign 1782 -

To Thee Burjoot, Gent for Blankets supplied for the Use of the

Troops ——

To M. Wilkimon, Esquire, Secretary to General for his contingent Expences for One Year, to 28th March 1783 -To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials, fumished by him for the Forces in Great Britain, the West Indies, Africa, and North America, in the Year 1782 -

To Lieut. General Faucett, for the contingent Expences of the Adjutant General’s Office, from 25th June 1782 to 24th December following ——

To Sant Leeke, Esquire, for the Hire of Ground, and for Damages done

thereon, in the Year 1782, by the Encampments near Portsmouth To Lieut. General Hall, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command, from’25th December 1781 to 12th January

1783.....-

To Lieut. General Skene, for sundry Cloathing for the Supernumerary Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 99th Regiment oi' Foot, for the Year 1782 ——

To Lieut. General Hale, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command in the Midland District, during the Campaign 1783 -

To TIu? Burfoot, Gent, for the Carriage of Blankets for the Troops encamped in the Year 1782 -

To Major General Smith, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command at Portsmouth, from 8th June 17S1 to 10th April

1783 - ....

To Lieut. General Pitt, for his D®, for the Forces encamped at Coxheath under his Command, in Campaign 1782 -

To L. Morse, Esquire, for carrying on a progressive Lift of the Army for One Year, to Midsummer 1783 -

To Major General lloy, for his contingent Expences, as Deputy Quarter Master General, and Commissary General, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 ——

To Lieut. General Morrison, for his D®, as Quarter Master General, from D® to D*

To Captain T. G. Broune, for providing Knapsacks for his Independent Company of Foot -

To Earl Fauconberg, for providing D® for his Regiment of Foot To the Colonels of the Surrey and Anglesea Militia, for providing D® for their respective Regiments -

To Colonel The /Johnes, for providing D®, for the additional Company to the Carmarthcnftiire Militia ——

To JVm Budd, Esquire, for the Passage and Victualling discharged Men of the 6th, 93th, and 96th Regiments of Foot, from Jcrlcy to England and Ireland ——

To M. G. Tozcnsend, for Clerks, Stationary Ware, Postage of Letters, and

other contingent Expences, on Account of the Recruiting Service, from 23th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To D®, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account

To Captain G.J. Parkyns, of the Nottingham shire Regiment of Militia, lor the Expences of a Prolcculion carried on against him, for apprehending and confining Two Men, for uttering Counterfeit Halfpence at the Camp at Coxheath, in 1780 -

To Lieut. Colonel Middleton, to enable him to make good to the Field Officers and Captains of the Denbigh Militia the ufuul Allowance of Contingent Men, during the Time the said Regiment was complete, according to the Establishment - -

£. i. d.

301 13 1

311 4-

967 17 6 1,110 11 3

526 5 4

J7.574 14 2

274 — — ’

100 — —

31 6 5

5-15 6 1

47 12 3

111 7 4

33 11 4

94 15 6

103 8 —

230 4 —

194 9 —

3i 10 —

214 — ——

122 2

21 17 6

322 4 4

249 19 4

900 —

.54 — 2

302 16 6 To

15° Martii

24 Geo. III.

1025

Dates of Warrants.

Army Extra* £ ordinaries.

1783-

August 8. To Mell'rs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, # Printing, &c. of several Acts of Parliament for the Use of the Army -

13. To Major General Townsend, for the contingent Expences on the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th December 1782 -

September 5. To Lieut. General Faxicett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 2,5th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 19. To General Ilariland, for his contingent Expences for the Forces under his Command in the Neighbourhood of Plymouth, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April 1783 ——

24. To MelVrs. Car, Car, and Greenwood, to be by them paid over to sundry Owners of Sloops, for the Passage of discharged Men of the 18th Regiment of Foot from Guernsey to Weymouth -To D*, to be by them paid over to D*, for the Passage of the 18th Regiment of Foot from D* to Portsinouth - -

Oflolier 2. To J>? Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries, &c. fumished by him for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1783 -

To D*, for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished by him for D°, for One Year,

to D* - - -....

9. To M. G. Townsend, for the contingent Expences of the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th June 1783 -

20- To H'mKlee, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, to be by him paid over to sundry Persons, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, for One Year, to 1st January 1782 -

To Major General Phillijtson, for the Charge of Cloathing for the late 20th Regiment of Dragoons, before the Orders for disbanding thereof were illucd -

November 26.

Dit* of Treasury I*ttf r».

£. 109 16 —

163

55

35

16

4

1

August 1. To Mollis. Gray and Collyer, on Account of Subsistence of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons l'erving in The East Indies, for the Year 1782 -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment, for the Y'ear 1783 - - - - -. - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto, for ditto Year -To ditto, on Account of ditto, for ditto Year -October 25. To Meflirs. Child, to pay a Bill drawn by Sir Hort, on Account of Subsistence of ditto Regiment August 8. To Mr. Armstrong, on Accourftof ditto of a Detachment of the 8th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies -July 11. To MefTrs. Aleyrick, on Account of ditto of a Detachment of the 9th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto To ditto, on Account of ditto of a Detachment of the 20th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto -November 17. To ditto, on Accout of ditto of ditto Regimei.t

July 11. To A. Adair, Esquire, on Account of ditto of a Detachment of the 47th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies - -

For Subsistence of the 36th Regiment of Foot embarked for The East Indies, being so much more than was borne on the Estimate of that Regiment for the Y’ear

1783 - ....

March 21. To A. Anderson, Esquire, on Account of Subsistence of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, serving in the

664 16 1

450----

370 -

50----

360----

470----

6,506 17 10

20. May ^24. August 1.

October 4. November 8.

*7-

Vol 39.

The East Indies To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion - -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Battalion -

150 16 6

1,227 *2 —

632

3,385

10 —

18 —

102 7 6

11 12

1,640

386

7 6

620----

8,157 4 —

12 E

238 1 6 1,143 4 — 378 5 —

52 6 8

131 12 9

208 5 6 335 5 10 81 17 4 719 6 9

2,160 3 11

312 11 10

For

Army Extra ordinaries*

102 6

150 Martii.

Dates of Treasury Letters.

A. 1784.

£. t. d.

1783-November 17.

March 21.

April 26. May 27. June 18. July 11.

August l.

For Subsistence of the 52d Regiment of Foot embarked for The East Indies, being so much more than m bs borne on the Estimateof that Regiment for the Year

1783 - ....

To Mefirs. Bi.sshojtp and C*, on Account of Subsistence of the ill Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot serving in

The East Indies - 727-----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion - - - 188 — 6

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion.....3,107 68

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion - 500 -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion ----- 557 10 —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion - - - 442 11 —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion ----- 384 2 —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion.....76146

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion - - - 100----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Battalion ----- 1,973 6 6

February 26.

March 21. April 26. May 27.

June 18. July 11.

25.

August 1.

To Mefirs. B'mhopp and C°, on Account of Si'bfistence of the 78th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies.....1,473 14 6

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

8.

January 3. March 21.

22.

May 27. July 11. August 1.

Regiment -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment -

357 4 — 2,000----

3,953 -

8,625 13 3

8,200----

14118 9

600-----

91 10 — 292 5 —

27 2 6

40-----

«£. s. d.

7»423 6 8

8,496 11 2

25,802 8 —

To Mefirs. Bisshnpp and C®, on Account of Subsistence of the 98th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies - - - - 818-----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ----- 548 -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ----- 4,000 *-----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ----- 1,245 10 6

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ----- 7,984 — 6

To ditto on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 610-----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 167----

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment.....250 10 —

To

24 Geo. III.

15° Ma

Date* of Treasury Letters.

1783.

August 1.

November 8.

February 8.

March 21. July 11.

25-

August 1.

8.

28.

August 1.

March 26. November 14.

To MelTrs. Bisshoppand C°, On Ac- £. t.

count of Subsistence of the 98th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies - ’- - - - - 38 15* —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 60 — — *

To ditto, on Account of ditto, of ditto

Regiment - - - 22176

£. ».

To MelTrs. Cox, Mair, and Cor, on Account of Subsistence of the 100th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies ... 1,000 — —

To MelTrs. Bisshopp and C®, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment - - 384 6 —

To MelTrs. Car and (J®, on Account of

ditto of ditto Regiment - - 3,200 -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ..... 5,000 -

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 15 — —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 136176

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - - 125 5 —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 11126

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment - - - 64 10 —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment ----- 1,050 — —

To ditto, on Account of ditto of the 101st Regiment of

Foot serving in The East Indies To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto Regiment -To ditto, on Account of ditto of ditto

Regiment

256 4 — 467 12 —

43 8 —

To Alex' Adair, Esquire, on Account of ditto of the I02d Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies To John Ogilvie, Esquire, for 122 Days Nett Offreckonings of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons serving in The East Indies, to 24th August

1782 -

To Ednd Armstrong, Esquire, for 122 Days ditto of a Detachment of the 8th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto -

To MelTrs. Cox and C®, for 122 Days ditto of a Detachment of the 9th Regiment of Foot serving ip ditto, to ditto -

To ditto, for 122 Days ditto of a Detachment of the 20th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto -To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, for 122 Days ditto of a Detachment of the 47th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto -

To Alex' Anderson, Esquire, for 122 Days ditto of 10 Companies of the 2d Rattalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto To Mr. Cleverly, for 122 Days ditto of 10 Companies of the ift Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto - -

752 11 5

74 5 10

'4 5 10

74 5 10

74 5 10

746 4 11

1,043 3 5

15,744 13 6

10,987 11 —

767 4

31 17

VOL. 39.

102J

Army Extra-ordinaries.

£. ». d.

To

Army Extra* >rdinariet.

1028 150 Martiu . 1783.

Dates of Treasury

Letters.

1783-

November 14. To Messrs. Meyricks and C, for £. s. d. 1. d. 12a Days Net Off-reckonings of 10 Companies of the 78th Regiment of Foot serving in The East Indies, to 24th August 1782 - - - - 1,043 3 5

To Mr. Cleverly, for 122 Days ditto of 10 Companies of the 98th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to

ditto.....1,043 3 5

To ditto, for 122 Days ditto of 10 Companies of the 100th Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto - 1,043 3 5

To several Persons, for 12a Days ditto of 10 Companies of the 101st Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto - - 1,043 3 9

To several Persons, for 122 Days ditto of 10 Companies of the i02d Regiment of Foot serving in ditto, to ditto- - 1,043 3 8

--------- 8,055 — 9

£. t. d.

94,701 7 6

2,360,992

9

N. B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above mentioned Sums, issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Corps serving in The East Indies.

War Office, Geo. Yonge.

15 th March 1784.

TOWARDS

i4 Geo. III.

1029

15° Martii.

TOWARDS the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army incurred, and paid, from the lft of February to the 24th of December 1783, may be applied the following Sums;

Army Extra* ordinaries.

£. s. d.

The Amount of Stoppages made for Victualling the Forces in North America and the West Indies, from 25th August 1782 to October 1783 -

Also a Respite on the Pay of the 2d and 18th Regiments of Foot, for 244 Days, to 24th December 1782, at 430/. each -

Also Savings on the Off-reckonings of the following Independent Companies, agreeable to the Secretary at War’s Letter of 15th December 1783;

s. d.

Viz. Capt. Hone's - - - - 52 186

Capt. Shillinglaw’s - - - - 90----

Capt. Campbell's - - - - 45 -

79,269 19 — 860 ——

187 18 6

Alto the Amount of sundry Articles of Provisions fold in the West Indies; viz.

Remitted by Bills on the Paymaster General - 11,300-----

Paid into the Hands of the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, 31,355/. 6a. 7 Antigua Currency, equal in Sterling to - - - 17,854 10 7

29,154 10 7

Also Cash received at sundry Times, by the Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, of General Sir George Augustus Eliott, Governor, on Account of the Subsistence of the Forces serving in that Garrison;

Viz. 18th December 1782 19th February 1783 18th April 1783 19th June 1783 19th August 1783 21st October 1783 -20th December 1783

8.325 -

8.325 -

8,550 -

8.325 -

4,050-----

5,850----

5,400----

Also the Sum applied for Subsistence of the Army, by the Deputy Paymaster at New York, out of die Monies charged for his Bills in the said Account -Also the Sum applied for D*, by the Deputy Paymaster at Nova Scotia, out of D® -Also the Sutn applied for D*, by the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, out of Monies charged in the said Account -

Also Calli paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account of the Paymaster General, by /f* Deane Poyntz, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account as Deputy Paymaster at New York ——

Also Calli received, by the Paymaster General, of Major General Roy, being a Balance of his Magazine Account ——

A lib D* received, by D*, of Lieut. General Burgoyne, being the Net Sum granted to hitn by Warrants, for Camp Necessaries for his late Regiment of Dragoons, in the

Years 1777 and 1778.....-

Also D* received, by D6, of Sir Henry Clinton, on Account of Pay twice issued to him ——

Also D* received, by D\ of Major Bailey, being the Produce of Goods fold, that were provided for an Expedition under General Dalling -

48,825 —

71,906 2 5 9,725 9 7

7,854 10 7

66,412 — 11 306 14 3

1,462 5 8 277 4 7

835 1 8

317,076 17 9

\l ar Office, Geo. Yonge.

15th March 1784.

Vol. 39.

12 F Ordered,

American

Trade,

1030 150 — 16‘

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the lad " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from " Ships belonging to the United States of America and " to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States," might be read. 1

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney ^General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Martii. A. 1784.

Ordered, That the Report from die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and elfo of Sick Prisoners, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisiag the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 >

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mortis, 1 & die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1784.

E«A India Mr. Pratt reported from the Committee, who were

Affair*. appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons

Names to be the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report of the Court of Dire3ors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of this House, of the 23d Day of January last, and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly; and had dire3ed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Person?; viz.

George Dempster, Esquire - - - 103

Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet - - - -103

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet - - - - 103

Henry Beaufoy, Esquire - - - 102

Robert Smith, Esquire - - - 102

Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet - - - - 102

Henry Strachey, Esquire - - - 102

William Hussey, Esquire - - - lot

Henry Banks, Esquire - - - 101

The Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp - 101 Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet tot Philip Yorke, Esquire - - - - -101

Henry Thornton, Esquire - - - - 101

The Right honourable William Eden - - - 100

Brook Watson, Esquire - - - 100

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Government Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, o» East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon remiones. Qjn for the better Government of the Territorial Possessions and Dependencies in India.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Macdonald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, residing at Sleaford and Boston, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire3ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the luid Petition, Mr. John Varley being examined, said, That be made the Plan annexed to the Petition, and surveyed the Lands therein described; and that it is pra3icable to make Navigable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, a certain Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, to its Jun3ion with the River Witham, near Chappell Hill, in the County of Lincoln, which extends about Twelve Miles, in which there is a Fall of Water of above 43 Feet; by. Meaus whereof a Communication will be opened with the Port of Boston, the City of Lincoln, and the River Trent, to the Benefit and Advantage of the Land Owners, Traders, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Commodities, at less Expence than is now paid for Land Carriage; and will also tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility.

And the Witness further said, That the present Bed of the River is above the Level of the Land, and that

it

Confinement of Criminal* under Sentence.

Supply.

Ways and Meant.

Papists’ Deeds sod Wills.

Sleaford

Navigation.

24 Geo. III. 16 ° Martii. 1031

it is proposed to deepen it to about Seven Feet at Flax Dyke, To that it w ill aft as a Drainage as well as a Navigation — That it is proposed to follow the Course of the Stream, except in Two or Three Places, where small Cuts are to be made, as described in the Plan — That there are to be Seven Locks in the Whole, One of which is to be 3 Feet 9 Inches high; and that Bridges are to be erected, for the Purpose of preserving Communications.

And lie added, That the proposed Navigation has the Approbation of the Country in general, upon the Ground of its great Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Navigable a certain Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle , through

tire Town of New Sleaford, in the County of , to

the River Idtham, near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and making necessary Cuts for better effecting fitch Navigation: And that Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, Mr. Vyner, and Sir Peter ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Philip’ Mr. John Lullrell reported from the Committee, to

Method of whom the Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, Prorifoni *" ^'OUDty Middlesex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was readj and is as followeth; tax.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition' Mr. ..... I Fright, from the Admiralty Office, attending according to Order, produced various Certificates and Letters, bearing Testimony of the Efficacy of a certain Powder invented and prepared by the Petitioner, Mr. Phillips, for the Destruction of Weevils, Maggots, Spiders, and Cockroaches, and which Powder lied been used on Board many of His Majesty’s Ships of War, by Order of the Admiralty Board, at the Recommendation of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy. — And

Mr. John Watts, from the Victualling Office, also attending according to Order, produced to your Committee sundry other Letters and Certificates relating to the Efficacy of the said Powder, in destroying the above-mentioned Infefts. — And

Both the said Witnesses being examined, said, That the Letters and Certificates by them produced were the Whole of what their respective Departments had received ou the Subject — That there had not been any Letter or Account, stating that Mr. Phillips's Powder had been found to fail effecting the Purposes for which it had been recommended and used.

From the Perusal of the Letters and Certificates so produced to your Committee, k appeared to them that the Powder invented and prepared by the said Mr. Phillips, the Petitioner, had been used for the Preservation of Grain, Biscuit, and dry Stores, on board His Majesty’s Ships, Union, Fox, Daedalus, Diligent, Brune, Ambuscade, Princess Carolina, Leocadia, Brit annul, Iphigenia, Ocean, Eurydice, Agamemnon, Alarm, Jason, Marlborough, and Diligente; and that it had fully answered the Ends proposed of destroying tha above-mentioned Infefts, and preventing their Return; whereby the Ships Provisions had been preserved from being wasted or spoiled during Voyages of considerable Length.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Bradford An ingrossed Bill for the Appointment of an act-Overse«r of ditional Overteer for the better Government of the the Poor. poor parity Qf Brailford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Vo l. 39-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bra^crd, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Peni'uddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Government to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of East India upon the Bill for the better Government of the Ter- Ternhme*-ritorial Pofiessiona and Dependencies in India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon thi6 Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Llanegwad Repair, the Roads leading from the Parish of Llaneg- Road*. wad to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of and from the said Parish of Llanddarog to Pont y Berm, in the Parish of Liangendeime, in the County of Carmarthen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ord, Mr. Johnes, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Exportation Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a of Buckrams. Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens,

British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laid Bill.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, according to Customs Order a Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on °n Aliens’ Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Go° s'

Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from. The Mediterranean Seas, in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the Newh&ven River Ouse, at Newhaoen, in the County of Sussex, Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building, a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham, do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to Export of resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, Hare Skins to consider of the Report which was made from the &c‘ Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Sotuhzoark, and Parts- adjacent, employed in the making and Vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare Wool, Coney Wool,

Goat's Wool, and other Materials, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

others

Militia Pay and Cloiithing.

Clirllea

Pensioner*.

American

Trade.

Confinement #»f Criminals under Sentence*

1032 i 6° — 17 0 M 1784.

others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wyndham Grenville presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Out " Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea," as relates to the Application of the Poundage deducted from the Pensions payable to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for preventing certain Inltruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a li-

" mited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying " on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of " His Majesty s Dominions and the Inhabitants of " the said U nited StatesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and also of Sick Prisoners, was re-committed.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17° die Martii;

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

SI R Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Elrington according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting inclosure. Part of the Town Fields of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Moilney Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, Roads, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Duke for vesting Part of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Bolton's of Bolton, deceased, deviled and settled by his Will EstateK in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery, for Sale of the same Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Spalding whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act High Bridge of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for re- Kou<ls‘ pairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, 1>e ingrossed.

Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, Navigation who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, in Scotland, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Friths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

First,

24 Geo. III. 17

1033

First, Your Committee read an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England, and Scotland: And also.

An Act, made in the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty, for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain, called Scotland: And,

In order to ascertain the Limits of the Frith of Forth, Your Committee also read an Act, made in the Ninth Year of her said late Majesty, for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon Coals to be Water-borne and carried Coastwise; and for granting further Duties upon Candles for Thirty-two Years; to rail'e Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Infuranoc Others, as are therein mentioned; — by which it appeared, that the Limits of the said Frith of Forth were from the Town of Dunbar to the Promontory of Redhead.

Your Committee next proceeded to enquire into the rrfj>eftive Boundaries of the Friths of Murray, Clyde, and Sohcay; and for that Purpose carefully inf|H*sted levend Maps produced to them, and also examined several Ship Masters conversant in the Navigation of the several Friths of Scotland: And first culled.

Captain Thomas Aikin, who being examined, said. He has been Fourteen Years Commander of a Ship in the Scotch Trade — That he is perfectly well acquainted with The Murray Frith; and that he always nndcrstood the Limits thereof to be from Kinnaird’s Head to Dunsby Head.

Captain Janies Crcavie, Commander of a Ship in

the S« ntch Trade, and has navigated on the East Coast of Scotland for about Ten Years, being then examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Boundaries of The Murray Frith.

Captain William Dudingstone w as next examined, as to the Limits of the Friths of Clyde and Sohcay, who informed Your Committee, That he commanded His Majesty’s Frigate The Boxton, for Four Years, in the North Channel on the Friths of Clyde and Sohcay — That he has always understood the Frith of Clyde to be bounded by the Head Lands of the Mull of Can-tire, and the Point of Corseh; and the Boundaries of The Sohcay Frith to be from Saint Bees Head to Borough Head.

Captain William Fergmson being then examined refining The Solway Frith, informed Your Committee, That he was well acquainted with the same — That he has frequently navigated on the said Frith, and was a Masterof a Vefl'cl for Seven Years — That there is not a Port in the said Frith which he has not navigated to and from; and that he understands the Boundaries thereof to be Saint Bees Head on the South, and Borough Head on the North — 1That the said Frith of Sohcay lies to the Eastward of the said Head Lands. — The Witness also informed Your Committee, That he has frequently walked across from Bol-riexs to Dorneck; and that he understands the said Frith to !>e navigable to Rocklijfe when the Tide is in, but at Low Water may be forded as low down as Bolness. — And the Witness further said. That there is not a Port in the said Frith, within the said Boundaries, into which a Vessel can (ail, except when the Tide is in.

Robert Wells, Esquire, being examined, also informed Your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Situation of The Sohcay , and that he considers the Limits of the same to be from Saint Bees Head, in the County of Cumberland, to Borough Head, in the County of Wigton.

And Your Committee was also informed by the Witness, That he has forded the said Frith of Solway,

Vul. 3<J.

from Bolness to Dorneck; which, when the Tide is in, is about Two Miles in Breadth.

Upon the Whole Your Committee have thought proper to come to the following llclblutions;

viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the Limits of the different Friths or Estuary Rivers in Scotland should be ascertained, to distinguish them from Sea, or Open Sea.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the Limits of the Frith of Forth, to distinguish it from Sea, or Open Sea, ought to be fixed from the Town of Dunbar to the Promontory of Redhead, as they are ascertained by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for reviving, continuing, and " appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon " Coals to be Water-borne and carried Coastwise;

" and for granting further Duties upon Candles for " Thirty-Two Years; to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotterics, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein " mentioned."

Resolved, That it appeal's to this Committee, that the Limits of Die Murray Frith, to distinguish it from Sea, or Open Sea, ought to extend from Kin-naird's Head to Dunsby Head.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the Limits of the Frith of Clyde, to distinguish it from Sea, or Open Sea, ought to extend from the Mull of Cantire to the Point of Corsehill.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that the Limits of the Frith of Solway, to distinguish it from Sea, or Open Sea, ought to be bounded by Saint Bees Head on the South, and Borough Head on the North.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Leave should be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Limits of the Estuary Rivers or Friilis in Scotland, and of the Frith of Solway.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Chcirea Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much of Pen ,oneis* an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of " the Royal Hospital at Chelsea," as relates to the Application of the Poundage deducted from the Pensions payable to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Confinement further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Criminals of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide u*der Se#" Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals teBce' under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and also of Sick Prisoners, was recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into stirther Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to 12 G the

American

Trade.

Militia 1*7 and Cloa thing.

Supply.

1054 17" — 18*

the said Bill being severally read a Secondveral of upon the Question severally put thereupon, fee, with them were disagreed to; and the rest wer Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ottered to be added to the BUI. for ascertaining the Manner of paying Fees and Expences on Removal of Prisoners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to alter the Places to which Felons have been sentenced to be transported.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the BUI.

Another Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That it shall not be lawful to transport to Africa any Person under Sentence of Transportation to any other Place.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Security to be given by Persons contracting for the Transportation of Offenders.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, w An Act for preventing " certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the Unked States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United

States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said BUI was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed.

Retched, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

four, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dkefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment* ia at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tina* One by Qoe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with fe-Yeral Amendments to one of them, agreed ta by the House; and several Amendments were mad* by the House, to the BUI.

Ordered That the Bill* with the Amendment* be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to o 7

Martii, A, 17S4.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Chelsea Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784, be Pensionwi referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wiU, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways and kig next, resolve itself into 'a Committee of the Meaas* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Tea of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Martii’,

Anno 24* Georgii III*" Regis, 1784.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Spalding Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, High Bridge for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding Roads-High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of -town, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigloft, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile StoBe, in the Parish of Gosbertorcn to the Eighth Mile Stoue, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, Accounts from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, from CUnattended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the *>erl^n^ Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to the Directions Londo*-of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 51b Day of July 1783; Ami aHo,

An

Confinement of Criminals under Sentence.

24 Geo. III. 18° Martii.

1035

An Account, of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for building and completing the Bridge at &c. from the

28th September 1782 to the 28th September 1783: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for enrbanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, within certain Limits, from the 28th September 1782 to the 28th September 1783: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields to Bishopsgate Street, and from Chiswell Street to Barbican, from the 29th September 1782 to the 29th September 1783: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames and for laying a finall Toll in lieu thereof, from the 29th September 1782 to the 29th September 1783: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleaning the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, from 24th December 1771 to the 25th March 1783: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c. of the said City, and Liberties thereof, from the 28th September 1782 to the 28th September 1783: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of rebuilding the Gaol of Nczcgate, from the 2d October 1781 to the 16th March 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to provide Places for the Temporary Reception of Criminals under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and also of Sick Prisoners, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 9. To leave out " Criminals" and insert " Offenders" instead thereof.

1. 21. To leave out "Criminals" and insert " Offenders" instead thereof.

1. 34. To leave out " during the Continuance of this Act."

Pr. 2. L 8. To leave out " Criminal" and insert "Offender," and to leave out " Criminals" and insert " Offenders" instead thereof.

1. 20. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender," and to leave out " Criminals" and insert " Of* " fenders" instead therof.

1. 37. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 6. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender " instead thereof,

Vo 1. 39.

1. 14. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

1. 19. To leave out " Criminal" and insert, " Offender" instead thereof.

1. 24. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

1. 38. To leave out " his" and insert " the" instead thereof, and after " Custody" to insert " of such " Sheriff or Gaoler."

1. 39. To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead there-

Pr. 4. 1. 2.

1. 24.

1. 30.

1. 31.

1. 34.1 and >

Pr. 5* 35-j 1. 12.

1. 22.

1. 3>*

1.36.

Pr. 6. 1. 1.

1. 6.

1. 10.

1. 12.

1. 15.

1. 18.

1. 31*

Pr. 8. 1. 36.

Pr. 9. 1. 20.

1. 34*

Pr. 11. 1. 37 and

38,

Pr. 12. 1. 3 and of.

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

After " and" to insert " in like " Manner."

To leave out from " Escape" to " and" in 1. 32, and insert " of " such Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " in such Manner."

To leave out " for Hard Labour."

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead there-

of-

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead there-of.

To leave out " Criminal " and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender" instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminal" and insert " Offender " instead thereof.

To leave out " Criminals " and insert " Offenders" instead thereof.

To leave out " an" and insert " the said" instead thereof.

To leave out " but" and insert " and " instead thereof.

After " Court " to insert " or such " Two."

To leave out " hereinbefore spedally" and insert " otherwise" instead thereof.

To leave out " be kept to hard."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

severally

Supply*

Oxford

Canal

1036 18° Martii. . 1784.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain Cafes, and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred seventy-three thousand and One Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence and Five Eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the-Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oaf ord, was read, 'whereby certain Persons therein named were enabled to raise and contribute among themselves the Sum of 150,000 /. for the Purpose of making and completing the said Cut or Canal: And

Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Sum of 141,000l. only has been able to be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been expended in the Execution of the Works directed to be performed; but the same not being sufficient to complete the said Cut or Canal, another Act was obtained, in the fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the before-mentioned Act, whereby the Company were authorized to borrow, by Way of Loan, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Cut or Canal, the Sum of 70,000 /., at legal or left Interest.

Then the said Act was read: And

Mr. Walker being further examined, said, That the Sum of 70,000 /. has been borrowed, in pursuance Of the said Act,’ and that the Company have made and completed lb much of the said intended Canal as extends from the Coventry Canal, at Longford, to Banbury, in the County of Oaf ord, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and have therein expended the Sum of 210,300l. and upwards — That the said

Company are desirous of completing the said Canal to the City of Oxford, but find that they cannot be able to finish the same unless further Powers are granted to them.

— And the Witness added, That he apprehends the further Sum of 60,000 /. will be necessary to be raised, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Navigation, for that Pumofe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, Lord Charles,

and the Lord Woman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Exportatw* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Navigation into further Consideration the Report which was made " Sc^dand, from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Friths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, apd to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

- And the Five First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Limits of the Estuary Rivers or Friths in Scotland, and of the Frith of Solway: And that Mr. Hunter Blair, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr.

Keith Stewart, and Mr. Sinclair, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trad'* upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United states of America; and to give " to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

County

Gaols.

Gruhbe’s

Estate.

A ndevor Inclosure.

24 Geo. III. 18® — 190 Martii. 1037

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the (’hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair " Gaols in their respective Counties," was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 19® die Martii

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, Tavistock, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Roads" His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bishop of establishing and confirming an Agreement made between Norwich’s the Lord Bishop of Noncich and Jacob Preston, Esquire, ale' for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anno 24° Georgii III*" Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Hunt Grubbe, Esquire, and Walter Hunt Grubbe, Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Blue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Wilts, and in the City of Bristol, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penrud-docke, Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lethicullkr reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 14 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill, because he did not know how much Land he possessed; and also, except the Proprietor of 75 Acres, who said he would sign if it was found necessary; and also, except the Proprietor of 5 Acres, who said he would consider of it; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 2,869 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Vo l. 39.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report from Exportation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Buckrams, continue the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportations of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings,

British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to limited, was committed.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

u

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lever’s Reading of the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to Museum. dispose of his Collection of Specimens of Natural History, now exhibited in Leicester Fields, by Way of Chauce, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne,

Junior, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jackson, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Trade, further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on

12 H " Trade

Elections — Preventing Bribery.

Adjourn-

ment.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Carriage to and from the I. of Wight.

1038 19° — 22 0 Marta1784.

" Trade and (Commerce between the Sttbjefts of Hi* >( Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States." was committed, the Amendment which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Confide ration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " how," and at the End of the Question to add the Words 41 upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle, for the Noes, {fig* }

70.

49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

of Wight, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Chelfoa a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act, for the Relief of the " Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea," as relates to the Application of the Poundage deducted from the Pensions payable to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Estwick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Estwick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ^[e^ssand ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrafted Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of MarchOne thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

four, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Pelace to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from The Iste

Luna, 22° die Martii;

Anno 34° Georgii III1* Regis, 1784.

EES.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Anderor Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Inclosure. Woods, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Andcvor, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b«, An Act for dividing and indofing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Andecor, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. LethieuRier do harry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for settling the Rates for the Carriage Carriage to of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of and from the Wight, was read the Third Time. of Wight*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, An Act for settling the Rates for the Carriage of

Passengers

oq>o rtation f Buckrams,

*Jame.

Totnfts

Roads.

Hare Skius, Ire.

Bats.

24 Geo. III. 220 Martii. 1030

Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from Isle of Wight.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of Bi'itish and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Masterman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable David Edward Leases, Esquire, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard late of H ern

Newith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Masterman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Philip Jennings Cleric reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Hare Skins and Rabbit Skins exported from England for the last Ten Years, viz. from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England for the last Ten Years, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

Vol. 39.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read:

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of t.'.is Session.

Mr. Estwick, according to Order, reported from the Chelsea Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Pensioners. explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital " at Chelsea," as relates to the Application of the Poundage deducted from the Pensions payable to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thomson: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bradford Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer Overseer of for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish the Poor, kc. of Bradford, in the County of Wiltswithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newhaven Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at New- Bnd8e-haven, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Christ the Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish Church in of Christ Church, in the County of , and for p^1*

raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge ’

Debts already contrafted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish, w'as committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time American to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Par- Trade-liament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain " Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

Turkey

Company.

Law$respect< ing Trans-porution.

1040 ' 2i° Martii. A. 1784.

be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments " from being required from Ships belonging to the " United States of America;and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the belter carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the " Inhabitants of the said United States."

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer d carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters, and regulated by A fts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety and to protest His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that an Am-baffador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence w hereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other Expences incident to the carrying on this Trade, has, of late Years, amounted to about 9,000l. per Annum-, and that the Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now', from many unavoidable Events and concuning Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance granted to the Petitioners, in the last Session of Parliament, enabled them to support their Expences for the last Year, but the Petitioners are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not, in the present Situation of the Trade, declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Bunlmry reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Proceedings have been had in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to " the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Pu- nishment of certain Offenders," and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had enquired into the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followctli; viz.

Your Committee having proceeded to the Examination of the Matter to them referred, find, That in pursuance of the said Act, His Majesty did appoint John Howard, Esquire, John FothM. D. and George Whately, Esquire, Supervisors of the Buildings to be erected; who, after feme Time spent in Enquiries, reported to the Lord Chancellor, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and the Lord Mayor of the City of London, feme Spots of Ground whereon to erect such Penitentiary Houses as are by the said Act directed: — which were not approved of by them.

And your Committee further find, That Doctor Fothergill dying about this Time, Mr. Howard religned; and His Majesty, in compliance with the said Act, did, on the 2d Day of \March 1781, appoint Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, and 'Thomas Bawdier, M. D. Supervisors, in the room of the said John Harvard, Esquire, John Fothergill, M. D.-and George Whately, Esquire.

That the Supervisors having attentively considered the Objftions which had been made with respect to the Spots of Ground above mentioned, thought it necessary to make strict Examination of the most eligible Spots in the Neighbourhood of Lo/ulon, and particularly on the Banks of the River Thames, whereon to erect such Penitentiary Houses; and after having spent feme Time in that Enquiry, reported to the Lord Chancellor, and the other Persons, according to the Directions of the Act, Two Spots in the Neighbourhood of each other, — namely, Field

for the Penitentiary House for Males, and Battersea Rise for the Penitentiary House for Females; who, by their Opinions on the 28th of June 1781, thought proper to reject tire Spot in JVandsrvorth Field, and to approve the Spot at Battersea Rise, as proper for the erecting of Penitentiary Houses for both Males and Females.

Your Committee find, That the Spot so approved of is about Four Miles from Westminster Bridge; and is'situated at a Distance from any Town — That it consists of Eighty-two Acres of Ground, and reaches to the River Thames — That the Part of the said Spot, intended for the Site of the Buildings, is a riling Ground, which declines gradually towards the River, and is separated therefrom by a Plain, through which it will be easy, and according to the Plans it is proposed, to cut a narrow Canal from the River to the Foot of the Hill, so as to be received within the Boundary Wall of the said Penitentiary Houses; the Advantage of which, both in point of Convenience, Cleanliness and Health, by the abundant Supply of Water, and by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, are manifest — That the Supervisors recommended the Whole of this Ground, partly in order to obtain a Communication with the River, and partly to prevent the erecting of other Buildings adjoining to the said Penitentiary Houses; but that a considerable Part of the said Ground may be fold again, with a Prohibition to build thereon; or may be let out at pretty considerable Rents, which may be applied towards defraying the Expences of executing the said Act.

Your Committee further find. That the Supervisors entered into a Treaty with the Proprietors of the said Grounds, and made an Offer of a Sum of Money for the Purchase thereof; which being refuted, a Special Jury was summoned and impannelled, according to the Directions of the Act; who, on the 10th of September 178a, assessed the Value of the said Lands at the Sum of 6,600l.

And your Committee further find, That Leave having been obtained from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, die Supervifers cauled Advertisements to be inserted in the public Newspapers, oft’ering Rewards for Plans of such Houses and according Plans, to the Number of 63, were delivered in to them on or before the ift of January 1782; and, on the 23d of the Supervisors

adjudged the Rewards in the following Manner:

The

24 Geo. III. a a" Martii. 1041

The First Reward, of 100 /. for the best Plan of such abundant Provision of Water, as might insure Laws resp«£t-a Penitentiary House for Male Convicts, to the Health of the Prisoners, at the same Time that "g Trans- Mr. William Blackburn. their Custody and Punishment were provided for) Portati<m.

The Second Reward, of 50/. for a Plan for the without incurring a very considerable Expence, and above Purpose, to Mr. Thomas Leoerton. their First Object, in preparing the Plans recommended

The First Reward of 60/. for the belt Plan of to the Judges, being to execute the Work with the a Penitentiary House for Female Convicts, to utmost Degree of possible Perfection, upon finding Mr. Thomas Hardwick. that the only Objection which the Judges made to

The Second Reward, of 30/. for a Plan for the carrying the Work into Execution, was the Greatness above Purpose, to Mr. George Richardson. of the Expence, thought it their Duty to re-consider

the Plans, and order Reduced Estimates to be prepared;

That the Supervisors, in consequence of their Ap- Copies of these Estimates are hereunto annexed in the probation of such Plans, ordered Mr. Blackburn and Appendix, N*2; by which the Supervilbrs flatter Mr. Hardwick to prepare them, to be laid before the themselves they shall be able to make very considerable

Lord Chancellor, and other Persons, as by the said Deductions in the Expence, without sacrificing any Act is directed; which were accordingly laid before Thing very essential in the Plans, them, and received their Approbation on the 18th of That the Supervisors propose and do expect to be June 1782. able to complete the whole Work in the Space of Five

That, on the 12th of February 1783, the Supervisors Years; and that, in case they shall be enabled to pro-laid the Estimates of the Expence of the intended Build- ceed in the Execution of the Act, it is proposed to ings before the aforesaid Persons: a Copy whereof, with begin the Work early in the Month of May next- — their Opinions and Answers, are hereunto annexed in the That they hope, by the Month of 1785,

Appendix, N° 1. such Progress may be made in the Buildings, as to

That the Supervisors also advertised for Contracts few render them capable of receiving 200 Convicts, who the different Parts of the Work, and received Proposals may lie employed in carrying on the Remainder of the for the same in the Month of August 1782. Work; and that an additional Number of Convicts may

That the Supervisors, by the above Proceedings, be received every succeeding Year, until the Whole is having necessarily incurred various Expences, applied completed — That it might be eligible immediately to to the Treasury. on the 23d of June 1782, for the employ a certain Number of Convicts in digging the Advance of a Sum of Money on the said Account; Foundations and Canals, and doing other laborious Parts and their Lord ships were pleased to issue an Order for of the Work, if proper temporary Lodgings were pro-the Payment of 1,000l. which they received accord- vided for them, contiguous to the said Ground; and ingly — Tfiat Part thereof has been applied to the that the Supervisors apprehend such a Place could be Purposes of the Act, and the Balance now remains iu found and prepared for their Reception in a short Time, the Bank of England. if it should be thought proper — That too Convicts

And Your Committee further find, That after the might be received within the Boundary Wall of the Jury had afllfied the Value of the Ground, the Lords Penitentiary Houses early in the Spring of the Year of the Treasury were applied to by Memorial to issue 1785, if it were thought proper to erect temporary

the Sum required for the Purchase thereof; and that, Sheds for their Lodging and Accommodation, in the in the latter End of September 1782, the Secretary of the Airing Grounds belonging thereto; and that such tem-

Treasury returned for Answer, that new Measures were porary Lodging might be provided at a small Expence,

about to be taken with relj>ect to Felons, which made as the Materials thereof might afterwards be used in the flattening the Penitentiary Houses less necessary — the Buildings.

That the Supervisors made other Applications to the That it is proposed to divide the Whole of the Ex-Treasury for the above Purpose, but were not able to pence into Installments, payable in Five Years; and obtain the Money; it being objected, that the Act con- that it is calculated, that the Sum necessary to be ad-tained no Clause which authorized the Commissioners vanced for the First Year will be 30,000l. towards the of the Treasury to issue it. Erection of the Building for the Male Convicts, and

That the Supervisors, finding it impossible to carry 10,00 oltowards the Erection of the Building for the on the Work according to the positive Directions of Female Convicts. the Act (which requires strong and separate Lodging and Working Rooms for 900 Convicts, with larger "Working Rooms, Storehouses, Warehouses, Apartments for Governors, and other necessary Officers, and also with such large and spacious Airing Grounds, and

Vo l. 30.

12 I APPENDIX.

by

1042

22® Martii.

A. 1784.

Lawsrefptfi-ing Transportation.

APPENDIX.

N* 1.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of building a Penitentiary House to contain Six hundred Male Coavi&s, with its Appendages, agreeable to the Plans and Elevations already approved: Constructed upon the most liberal Ideas of its probable Cods, which the Uncertainty of the Information will admit; not being able to procure such a full Investigation of the Depths necessary, or of the Nature of the Soil, as could be wished.

By the Order of Sir Gilbert , Baronet j

Sir Thtf Cha* Baronet j and

Thomas Bawdier, M. D.

July id, 1782. Supervilbrs.

s.

d.

9,828 Rods of Brick Work in the Four Quadrangular Courts - -7/.

3,300 Feet clean and foul Sewers about the whole Building - -12

3,678 Feet leading Drains, Sewers, and Water Duds -

1,420 Feet Pilfers, small Courses, and Water Vents - - - is. 6d.

Sets Pools, Reservoirs to Drains, and Stink Traps, &c. collected

Two large Tancks, Eight Basons and Shafts to the Wells, with Four Spring Wells and Pumps -

97,492 Feet Yorkshire Paving, on the Flats, in the Cells, in the Courts, and Passages, Part done in Tarris - - - - -9

Sink Stones, Channel Stones, and Basons ....

100,000 digging, carting, wheeling, and Ailing in Ground -Pldions Barrels, Frame Engine, Crane Wheels, and lower Works in the Wells, and to Water Engines -

7,200 Feet Moor Stone Steps, set geometrically, cramped Rails, &c. -N* 750 Door Cafes, constructed of Moor Stone, and set -N® 950 Window Frames of Moor Stones, with Irons -N* 52 Water Closets, with Apparatus, Levers, Rods, Pipes, Barrels, and Stink Traps ------ 10/.

N* 920 Windows of Iron, Inch f Bars, 4 Inches apart -N® 750 Iron Doors, i Framing, { Pannels, rivetted Hinges, Hooks, and Gudgeons, and boxed at Bottom - - - - -5 /.

N° 7.50 large Hafps and Locks, with Lock Bolts and Rivets; also Locks for 116 Wood Doors, and other Fallcnings -Fitting up the Infulc of Infirmary and its Apartments -Fitting up 26 Keepers Lodges in the same Manner -

N® 140 Warming Stoves and Air Vents, Registers, Valves, and Flues, for conveying Heat to the Cells ----- 6/.

Fitting up Chapel, with the Altar, Pulpit, and Officers Pews, Galleries, c. -Painting and glazing the Officers Apartments, &c. -

Fitting up Four Kitchens, and Cooks Offices -

Fitting up the Four Eating Rooms -

Eight large lifting Pumps, 26 Bodes and Walhers, 116 Plugs, 18 large Stop Cocks, 14 Barrels and Stops, 22 Plugs and Walhers to the Baths and Cisterns ——

Iron Work to Chimnies, Chimney Pieces, 8cc. Shelves, Lock-up Closets, and Drawers, Dtlks, &c. for Keepers -

Lining the Baths in each Quadrangle, the Balons, and coastructing the Jets d’Eau ——

Gates for Security, Portcullifes, Grating, and Bolts, and to the Front Gate -

68,796-----

1,480-----

1,103 8 —

106-----

372 10 —

1,060-----

3,653 16 — 416 10 —

5,000-----

1,411-----

540-----

2,150-----

1,840-----

520-----

920-----

3,750 -

i,i75 10 —

225----

520----

840----

650----

825 10 —

415-----

195----

725 10 —

319 i° —

360-----

380-----

Double-ribbed Groin Centring, Standards, Templates, Moulds, Trimmers, and all necessary Cradling -

1 ron Rails on the Landings, down the Staircases, round the Basons, along the Colonades, and on the Flats, with Iron Bars to the Centinels Boxes, Floors, &c. ——

lion Grating to Passage Windows, the Leaver Doors, the Frames in the Stone Work, the Iron Pins and Bolts of Turnstile Doors, wrought, call,

and turned.....-

Stone Galleries and Iron Work, with Supports -

Stone Chains run round the Buildings, through all the Apartments, as Ties, cratn{>cd together at the Joints, and returned to the Walls

3,620-----

2,260-----

1,740 -

2,010-----

1,560-----

------- j 110,940

s. d.

4 — Stone

24 G4o. III.

22*' Martii.

143

Stone Alhlering to the Terrace Walla and Parapets -

Curb Stones and Alhlering about the Courts, &c.

Stone Work in Front of Chapel, Columns, Piers, &c. - -

Fronts of Center Buildings, 4c.

Screens and Returns of Stone ——

The Area of Keeper’s Portico ——

The inside Screen Walls, Canteen, and Guard -

The Columns, Plinths, Steps, and Blockings ——

The Wings of the Buildings afhlered -

Boundary Wall, with Foundation 8 Feet down, 24 Feet high, Moor Stone Coping, with a moveable Chevaux de Frize and Devil’s Claws, Cross Walls between the Fore Courts, &c. -Inside Canal, faced on both Sides, dug out and banked, Parapets, &c. Foundation, and Brick Work of Gate ——

Digging Canal, making Airing Ground, Basons, &c. Cross Drams, Sefs Pools, and Boat

Houses

Digging Navigation Pools and Laybys for Boats ——

Working Brick Work to Penftocks for Weirs - -

Foundation of Hood Gates, Bridges, Gates, and Basons, Bottoms of Pools for Boats, Piers, See. ——

Portcullis, Stone Afliler, internal Gates, Rack Work, Bridges, and Gates - -

Governor’s House and Ollices ——

Fitting up in D°

Chaplain s House ——

Surgeon’s House ——

Mews and Vaults to Governor’s House -

Extra Finishing to Storekeeper’s, &c. -

Expences previous to Contracting ——

Pumps, Engines, Stages, &c. - -- -- ..

labourers in Trust ——

Mill for working the Materials ——

To extra and uuforciccn Expences ——

tioa.

£. S. d. Laws re*

1.055 — — speding

1&5----2?*-

1,164----

5,068 — —

1*275 -

675----

924 -

375 -

2,030-----

6,675-----

2,100

726 — —

659----

145----

3,150----

2,500 — —

2,900----

190----

756 -

756----

865----

420----

250----

420----

S20----

520----

1,000----

149,982----

The w ithiu Estimate, amounting to One hundred and Forty-nine thou land Nine hundred and Eighty-two Pounds, is the Estimate of the Expence of erecting a Penitentiary House to contain 600 Male Convicts, according to a Plan properly approved of, under die Directions of the Act, on the 18th June 1782.

Gilbert Elliot,

Thomas Charles Thomas Bawdier.

London, February 12th, 1783.

HAVING approved of the Plan, upon the Credit of the Surveyor’s Estimate, we approve thereof; but the Suin being so large, we think that (before the Plan is further proceeded upon) the Parliament ought to

be apprized thereof.

R. Perryn, F Puller.

Mansfield,

IV. H. Ashhurst.

Ja. Eyre, B. Hotham.

Vol. 39-

An

1044

22® Martii

A. 1784.

Laws refolding Tran importation.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of erecting a Penitentiary House for Three hundred Female Convicts, according to a Design approved of by the Supervisors, and referred to in their Recommendation to the Judges, as nearly as can be now ascertained, from the Uncertainty of the Depths and other Circumstances.

July ill 1782.

Brick Work to the Boundary Wall, Coping, and Chevaux de Frize

Digging....

Drains -

Vaults for Coals, Beer, and other necessary Articles.

Gateway and Guard Rooms.....-

Governor’s and other Officers Houses -

Reception House - -

Chapel.....-----

Infirmary -

Wash Houses....

Baths -

Eight separate Buildings for the Convicts Cells, Working Rooms, Store Rooms, &c.

Kitchens, &c. with the Work Rooms over them ....

Screen, Terrace Wall, and Steps leading to the Lower Court -

Cross Walls to the Courts, Privies, &c. -

Extra and incidental Expences, including Labourer in Trust

£ * d.

3,200-----

1.000 -

500----

2.000 -

1,100----

5»500 — ~'

670----

2,300 —

2.500 -

1,600----

400----

32,000-----

3,700-----

1,400-----

1.500 -

59,370----

1,000-----

60,370-----

THE within Estimate, amounting to Sixty thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds, is the Estimate of the Expence of erecting a Penitentiary House to contain Three hundred Female Convicts, according to a Plan properly approved of under the Directions of the Act, on the 18th June 1782.

Gilbert Elliot,

Thomas Charles,

Thomas Bawdier.

London, February 12th, 1783.

HAVING approved of the Plan, upon the Credit the Sum being so large, we think that (before the apprized thereof.

Ja. Eyre,

B. Hot ham, R. Perryn,

F. Buller,

of the Surveyors Estimate, we approve thereof: But

Plan is proceeded upon) the Parliament ought to be

Mansfield,

IV. H. Ashhurst.

WE are of Opinion, that it could not be the Intention of the Act to delegate to us large a Public Expence, as the Amount of the Two Estimates.

the Power of incurring so

Loughborough,

H. Gould,

J. Heath.

APPENDIX,

24 Geo. Ill

22® Martti.

1045

APPENDIX, N* 2.

REDUCTION of an Estimate of the Expence of building a Penitentiary House to contain Six hundred

Male Convicts.

Lavs r*-speding Transportation.

Reduced Brick Work, the Four Quadrangular Buildings, by omitting the interior Vaults, 4c. Plain and foul Sewers about the whole Building, omitting such Parts, and lessening the Diameter in such Places, as may be thought admissible -

Large Tancks, Eight Bal'ons and Shafts to the Wells; with Four Spring Wells and Pumps, ultored, and in Part omitted ——

Yorkshire Paving on the Tops of the Buildings, on the Flats — Grounds and Cells omitted — Pluirtcr Floors substituted in the Rooms — a Roof on the Buildings, &c. - -

Sink Stones, Channel Stones, and Bason Stones, and Channel funk for Currents — omitted in Part ——

Digging, carting, wliecling, and filling in------

750 Door Cafes constructed of Moor Stone — made less in Scantling -

920 Windows of Moor Stone — Ditto, and made square -

770 Cart Iron Doors on Pivets — Hinges and Locks omitted — Bolts and Keys substituted, and other Iron Work ——

7.50 Ilafps and Staples, and Locks, and Night Padlocks, and 116 Wood Doors, reduced in Value ——

Tilting up 26 Keepers Lodges — and Turnkeys ——

Fitting up Cha|x I, Altar, Gallery, &c. — reduced ——

lifting Pumps, Forcing Pumps, Water Barrels, &c. in Part omitted — Apparatus to Baths, omitted in Part ——

Chimney Furniture, Ciofets, &c. in Keeps -

Lining to Paths and Batons -

Iron Rails on Landings, on Stair Cates, made (lighter, the Iron Bars put in a different Form to that intended; deemed equally secure — Portcullises omitted — Iron Tumftiles omitted for Wood....

Iron Work in Passages reduced — Lever Doors omitted for Wood Frames -

Slone Galleries reduced along the Fronts of the internal Quadrangles -

Stone Chains or Strings round all the internal Buildings, reduced -

Stone A tillering to the Terrace Walls -

Curb Stones along the Courts, and the internal Athler of the Piazza and Walls -'Hie Stone Work in Front of Chapel -

'I iic Fronts of the Center Buildings omitted in the large Stone Work, and faced, as far as can lie, with Brick, and rough Athlering with Rag Stone -

The Front and Adder of the Screens omitted -

The Stone Work in the Area of the Keeper's Portico omitted -

The Scran M'alls in/ide the Canteen and Guard Rooms -

The M ings Adder omitted, and treated with rough Knobbling, or faced with Bricks — as the Center and Gate — reduced ——

The Poundary M all reduced in the Foundation and in the Height, and the Ashler omitted — the Crols Walls reduced — the Chevaux de Frize made less weighty, and the Coping altered — the Mali to follow the Level of the Ground -

The l acing of Canal reduced and shortened — the Coping omitted, and banked where poflil ile ——

The Flood Gates and Basons omitted, the Boat Pools reduced, and the Returns lessened at the Bridge, and the Portcullis under the Bridge altered -

The internal Portcullis, the Rack Work intended. Boat House Gates, and Foundation of the Piers of the Bridge ——

The Governors’s House reduced — the Court Room made less — the Offices reduced, and finished in a different Manner — the Flat at Top omitted -

Chaplain's House ——

Surgeon’s House ——

Mews and Vaults to the Governor's House -

Reduction in the Storekeeper’s and Clerk's House ——

Pumps, Engines, Stages, &c. during the Work ——

Extras and unforeseen Ex|>cnces, die Charge for them reduced, more than what was allowed on each Article by the original Estimate ——

<£ t.

5,200 -

94®-----

325-----

2,215 T —

110-----

1,560----

420-----

570-----

1,570----

420-----

320-----

220 -

500 -

200 -

110-----

725----

470 -

840----

560----

75o----

1,000 -

270----

2,325----

750----

420-----

220 -----1

1,015-----

420 -

710----

2,120 — —

420 -

OOOO----

200 — — 200 — —

250----

220 -

200 -

500 -

30,165 —

I inuft beg Leave to observe, that the Reduction of the Estimate in a great Measure arises from omitting the Pavement, and substituting Gravel; from leaving out such Parts of the Buildings as may be omitted without endangering any of the efl'ential Advantages proposed by the AS; taking in the reduced Price of Timber, which, between the Time of making the First and Second Estimate, was near Fifty per Cent occasioned by the Peace; the reduced Price of Labour; and the Expectation of an Advantage from Contract, which isjuftilied by the Difference seen in the Contracts already made with the Estimate first delivered.

Wm Blackburn.

Vol. 39.

12 K

Laws re feeding Transportation.

Supply.

IO46

229 Martiu

A. 1784.

March 15th, 1784.

REDUCTION of an Estimate of the Expenco of Building a Penitentiary House for Three hundred

Female Convicts.

£. s.

The Boundary Wall, reduced from 20 to 18 Feet in Height -

In the digging, levelling, &c. if the Wall be only carried to 18 Feet, and the Courts made upon a hanging Level ——

In the Drains, by building fewer, and of less Diameter -

In the Vaults, by not building so many as were originally intended.

The Gateway and Guard Rooms, if built of Brick instead of Stone (as originally designed) ——

Governor’s and other Officers Houses, in the Brick Work, Timber, and Iron Work The Chapel, if constructed of Brick (the Stone Work, as originally designed, being entirely omitted) ——

The Infirmary, for the same Reasons -

The Waffi Houses, in the Timber and Brick Work -

The Buildings for the Convicts Cells, Working Rooms, Store Rooms, Eating Rooms, Ware-houses, &c. in the Timber, Stone, and Brick Work, and if, instead of the Floors being paved,

a Composition is used - - -.....- - -

The Kitchens, and Rooms over Ditto, in the Floors and Brick Work -

Screen and Terrace Wall entirely omitted ——

Cross Walls to Courts, See. -

The Courts being laid with Gravel, instead of being all paved, as originally designed

500-----

400-----

200-----

1.000 -

400-----

5oo-----

1.000 -

1.000 -

600-----

6,1.50 -

700-----

1,400-----

500 -

550 -

14,900-----

THE Supervisors are requeued to observe, that these Reductions from the original Estimate arise partly from the Omission or Alteration of such Parts of the Buildings which were considered as greatly contributing to the Perfection of the Design, but which might be omitted without essentially affecting the Purpose of the Act; and also from the reduced Price of some of the Materials since the first Estimate was made.

Thomas Hardwick.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the ill of February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Elections — That the ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Bribery preventing in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be now Hnbm. read the Third Time;

The

24 Geo. III. 220 — 230 1047

Wh\ t and

Mr'lilt.

Tl»e House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

( fThe Lord Mahon, 1

’[Sir Joseph Mart'bey: J

45-

t1 ii c vt f Sir Matth _

Teller* for the Noes, . j 3«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The fuid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were l'cverally proposed to lie made to the Bill;

viz.

Pr. 4.

3-

4-

5-

8.

and to

After " given" to insert " or’

To leave out " or allowed"

After " given" to insert " or leave out " or allowed"

L 8. To leave out " or allow"

1. 9. To leave out " or allowed"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereujion, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. Act Act for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in (lie Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Jlfahon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resohed, That this House will, upon J Values day Mom-in iz next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 23° die Martii; Anno 24* Georgii III''* Regis, 1784.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Papins’ for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and »n<1 Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant ’ *'

Purchasers; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Woodstock t® whom the Bill for amending several Roads leading from R°ads> Woodstock, through Kidding ton and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the "

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingross'ed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Dixon’sDebt a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to to the Crown, enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Diron, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties; and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

P R A V E R S.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. Thompson:

Mr. Speaker,

M,l,tl* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Fjv and Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that c loathing. Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia; without any Amendment: And al so,

American The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An I rui<?. Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from " being required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America-, and to give to His Majesty, " for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" without any Amendment: And also,

Fxportatiim The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 01 Buckrams, to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillcttings, British and Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

You 39.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse within Christ the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to p^,. discharge Debts already contrafted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the county of,

and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contrafted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer, of the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire there Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carriage t« for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Passengers and and from the Goods for Hire to and from The Isle of; without I- of Wight, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spalding for continuing and amending an Act, of the Fourth Year HighBridir* of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening ^oad'-the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone,

in

Aadevor

Inclosure*

Confinement of Criminals under Sentence.

Supply.

Sampling.

G ruble's Estate.

Billiop of Norwich's Estate.

1048 230 — 24° Martti. A 1784.

in the Parish of Gosbertawn, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of fVigtoJ't, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of in

the County of Southamptonwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes, and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Three hundred Sixty thousand Nine hundred Ninety-two Pounds and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, tow ards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty s Land Forces, incurred and paid by His Majesty’s Pay Master General, from the First Day of One thousand

Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Eden, from the St-left Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now* used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most cftec-tual Methods of preventing the fame, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed iiitn to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ulb of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable iViViamHunt Grubbe, Esquire, and Waller

Hunt Grubbe, Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Hi Its, and in the City of Bristol, is committed, have Leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made betw een the Lord Bishop of Noru'ich and Jacob Preston, Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-tton, Mr. Masterman, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duk« of for vetting Part of the Estates of Charles late Duke of 8 Bolton, deceased, devised and settled by his Will in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the Purpose of more eflfeftually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery for Sale of the same Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master-man, Mr. B rams ton, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Totn.-s an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty Ro:uis-King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Tolnes, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24° die Murtii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Penrnddocl.creported from the Committee, to Grubks

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in- Lila:*.-, tituled, An Act to enable William Hunt Grubbe,

Esquire, and Walter Hunt Grubbe, Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Wilts, and in the City of Bristol, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to BilLop of whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Norwich’s Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement Efta,e-made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Jacob Preston, Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

concerned

24 Geo. III.

24° Martii.

1049

Duke of Bolton’* EiUte*.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

S\r Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Bolton, deceased, deviled and settled by his Will in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited, created, and cxprclTcd in the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery for Sale of the fume Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisl'action of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords *, and ucquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas or ’ c' Long lands, Agent for MelTicurs elllan and Steuart, Craig and Anderson, Charles and Robert Fall, and others, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be a^ain read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances, set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition from Messieurs Allan and Steuart, and others.

Then a Petition of Messieurs Allan, Steuart, and Co. Charles and Robert Sir William Forbes, James

Hunter and Co. Samuel James and Co.

John Chalmers and Co. John and Ogilvy,

Adam Keir, John Thompson, James Thompson, Martin and Kerr, Robert Hart, George Hall, Pullar

and Hutton, and James and John Stein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners imjiorted large Quantities of Com for the Relief of Scot-hind, in the Scarcity occasioned by the Failure of the Crop of 1782, and rifqucd very large Sums in supplying the Wants of its distressed Inhabitants, and commissioned several Cargoes of Corn, mentioned in the Petition from The Baltic; and that, in order to have entitled the Petitioners to the Benefit of entering the same on Payment of the Low Duties only upon such Corn, the same should have arrived before the 2 jth of September, w hen the Ports were (hut, but the Ships were detained beyond that Time by stormy Weather and contrary M inds; and that, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, the Lords of the Treasury, upon the Application of the Petitioners, authorized the Commissioners of the Customs in Sivthmd to admit the above Vessels to an Entry, on Payment of the Low Duties, upon Bond being given for Payment of the High Duties in case the Petitioners Ihoulil not be relieved by Parliament in theenfuing Session; and that the Petitioners have given Bonds accordingly, but in Consideration of the great Benefit derived to the Country by such Importation, they therefore Vot. 39.

pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to discharge the Petitioners from the Payment of the High Duties, that the Bonds given for that Purpose may be cancelled and discharged, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, who were Viftoalling

appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses °®ce* that have been, or may be alledged to have been committed in the Victualling Office Departments, and to report the Matter thereof, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the several Matters to them referred: and had directed him to report a Transcript of the Evidence that had been laid before them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from His Majesty by Sir Francis Molyneux,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to RoyalAflent attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased to to Bill*, give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightythree."

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States *of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited *

" Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States."

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

12 L An

it>5

4* Martii:

A. 1^84.

*nt , j\n t#> Authorize die Removal of ^ritoners in certain Qales, and ,tq amend the Laws respecting the Tremlportation of Qffehders. _

An Ja for settling the Rates for the C^rriam; of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from Wight.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of fetersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park, or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline Baroness of Greenwich, and her H&irs, ror a full and valuable Consideration.

An Act for regulating, and rendering more cflfeaual, tlio Kxadion of the Statute work within the Shire of Edinburgh-, and for authoring the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to bqrrow upon the Credit of the Tolls anfing within the District of Lasrcade, a further Sum of Money, to b'c applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said Distria.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of ojisses.

An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for t}ie better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bradford.in the county of,

An Act for continuing the , Term, and altering ana enlarging the Powers, of, an A'&, of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

An Act to continue arid enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Ah Aa for " repairing and widening the Road from'Cos/wm, in the " County of Southampton, to the City

An Act for continuing the Term and Powety of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road froth the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of to Ta-

vern Spue, in the County of Carmarthen L'and fdr repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said'County.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Fourty Year of Fits present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Scalding 'High Bridge to the Market place in Doningto and from the Tehth Mile Stone, in the Parish oPGosbertmii, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln , ....

An Aa fdr veftidg Part of the Etiaies of Charles late Duke of Bolton, deceased, tievised'arid settled By his Will in Trustees, dischlafged of the Uses' and Limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery for Sale of the same Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for establishiqg arid confirming r an Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich arid Jacob Preston, Esquire, for thfe Exchange of certain Estates In the County of Norfolk.

An Aftto enable Wiliigm Hunt Grvhbe, Esquire, and Walter Hunt G'rubbe, Gentleman, arid, alter their several Deaths, the Guard Ians of their relpmive Idue, to make Lease? df their settled Estates in the County of PCiits, and in the City of Bristol.

An Act for dividing and ihdofing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of L and Parish of Wins ley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woodsy Waste Lands,

Arid other Cornmoriable Places, in thfe Parish of Andevor, in the County of Sduthatnpton.

An Act to eriable David Edward Lewie, Esquire, to

take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, purfbant to the WiH of Richard Lloyd, late of Werrie Newith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased.

After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Tha King’s Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Spe*ch' Parliament, as fdlloweth; viz.

My Lords arid Gentlemen,

On a full Conficferation of the present Situation of Affairs, and of the extraordinary Circunlstances which have produced it, lam induced to put an End to this Session of Parliariient: I feel it a Duty which I owe to the Constitution and to the Country, in such a Situation, to recur as speedily as possible to the Sense of My People, by calling a new parliament

I trust that this Measure will tend to obviate the Mischiefs arising from the unhappy Divisions and Distractions which have lately subsisted; and that the various important 'Objects which will require Corisideration may lbe afterwards proceeded upon with less Interruption and with happier Effect.

I can have no other Object, but to preserve the true Principles of our free and happy jConstitution, and to employ the Powers, intrusted to Me by Law, for the only End for which they were given, the Good of My People.

And afterwards the Earl of Mansfield, by His Majesty’s Chmm&nd, said;

My 'Lords, and’ Gentfcthen,

Ft is ills Majesty's Royal'tyilLand Pleasure, that this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the Sixth Day of prorogued. April next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 6th Gay of April next.

[Index removed.]

